I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the release of the films. It was great to see this on the big screen, since much of it is lost on television sets and the overall generosity of this project can not be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic rag to the riches in the depths of hell's history with Al Pacino as the Cuban drug dealer Tony Montana. In this version, Tony arrives to America during the wave of immigration of people of Cuban boat in the late 70's, early 80's. Tony and his companions quickly win green cards, attacking a political figure in Tent City and after a brief stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is cast on his horrible path to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this film are so cleverly interpreted that it's so nice to watch that I've forgotten about this movie for the last twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is flawed for being very confident, and as Tony quickly discovers, smooth. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the last and will do anything for Frank; it is as if he does not have a mind of his own. Tony quickly sees this and he constantly struggles with Suarez, but really only sees it as a small problem to get on his way to the top. The character that always comes back to me as being played so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the audaciously corrupt Miami Narcotics Detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day.) Honey, without guilt, extort large sums of money from all sides of the industry pharmaceutical. He plays Tony out of Frank until he reaches him in a scene that marks the exit of Frank and Mel's movie. It's invaluable to hear Frank asking Mel to intercede, since Tony is about to kill him just to hear Mel answer: "It's your tree, Frank, you're sitting on it." This is the man Frank was paying for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is meteoric and is only combined in speed and intensity by his quick crash and burn. After abusing Frank and taking his wife and business, Tony's greed takes over and he never gets tired. As Tony delves deeper into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust, he ends up killing his best friend and his sister, who fell in love and got married. This all establishes the end where the Tony complex is invaded by an army of his supplier, who feels betrayed because Tony would not go through a political assassination that was ordered. All of this results in a moment of compassion when Tony refused to be an accomplice to a murder involving the wife and children of the victim. <br /> <br /> In short, this is a great representation of the excess of the 1980s and the culture of cocaine. DePalma does a good job at keeping everything together in one of the fastest three-hour movies. The violence is extremely graphic and contains some scenes that will forever be recorded in the minds of any viewers, particularly the horrible chainsaw seen, the two blank head shots and all the bloody fighting that ends the film. This is a stylistically recommended film, highly recommended, which is not for the most sensitive, or for those who need optimistic endings and potential sequences; DePalma let everything fly right here.
