"A classic is something that everyone wants to read, but no one wants to read." -Mark Twain "Classic" seems to be the word used to describe Brian DePalma's "Scarface," 1983 film about opulence, self-surrender, greed, and danger among Florida's ring of drugs. People and critics (and rappers for that matter) consider this film "a classic gangster epic" or "epitome of gangster movies." When it's anything but. It is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a great film that deserves praise from every corner, but not all the praise it receives from the public these days, and so the delicate points it makes with such intensity are lost by the general public. <br /> First, the film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past of wanting to get away from communism and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's genius director, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he actually wrote a good one here) touch all of this. The characters are all looking for an escape, since the escape is a natural element treated in the movie by all. Each character has something to offer, which makes them enjoyable for everyone who could enjoy this movie. They are entwined in a world of mystique and money, but all this comes at a price, as everyone learns. Each character thinks that they are having better chances in life, when in true dramatic irony, they are actually getting worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for the use of drugs, it is violence, it is a dialogue, they have totally lost their meaning. There is nothing really positive about the film beyond the positive expectations of the characters themselves. And that's why the movie works so well. The devastation throughout the film serves to convey the message of the film, not to sound legal or attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cult bandits, or brainless action fans. <br /> <br /> Next, the film is an adult drama. It's not a "gangster movie." It has its action, but the action is plotted very carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens" - an example of a great jerk action movie, and most audiences perceive this movie as a great gangster movie about drugs and people shooting. Ridiculous. Hogwash. If this movie is about that, then it's about how bad it is. It is not a promotion of this. <br /> <br /> That said, the film is indeed a great movie. There's great cinematography that pulls you into the story. It has a very dramatic score (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which simply could cause him to chill or bring him to tears. The film is quite long, but it's a story and every moment counts. The acting is great. Al Pacino - enough said. He can do whatever role he puts in his mind, and that was no exception. Handsome boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I did not think much of him in other films that he did, but he really makes you like him when he's under the direction of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true gem as Elvira. Popping 'fresh off the heels of a kind of embarrassment in "Grease 2," she got her ticket to ride performing a boundless performance of a beauty that is more than it looks. But the three real diamonds in this brute are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister, Gina, that when she smiles, or cries, we see her soul and her new way of life, and see it deteriorate; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug dealer, who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar portrays him like that; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three dig the film as deep as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned something important by watching "Scarface" for the first time. Always get into an innocent movie. All the hype and talk of this movie can not prepare you for what you actually see. Just knowing De Palma (like me) can give you a glimpse of what this movie contains. So ignore the crap of rap, ignore stupid violence fans, and fix a bowl of Bailey's on the rocks, and indulge in an emotional rendition of a great movie, the real "Scarface."
