The story revolves around Antonio 'Scarface' Montana, an ultra-violent Cuban refugee who comes to the United States with less than nothing, and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade ... <br /> As a calculating man with a conscience and extreme ambitions, Tony begins to strongly crave the things he sees a criminal enjoying, including his seductive lover ... Heights leaving a refugee camp taking advantage of the chance to stab former agent of Freedom, sells rival drug dealers, earns the trust of a major drug dealer by eclipsing a local gang boss in Miami and finally reaches the highest levels of the pharmaceutical organization ... results of greed and desire for power over the human psyche ... He makes his way through the sunny streets of Miami, where he got "the world and everything in it." With his cruelty, obscene dialogue and his negotiating skills, he begins to imagine himself invulnerable and above all others ... He quickly sinks into the world of gangs and becomes more ruthless than anyone can imagine ... < Michelle Pfeiffer looks dazzling as the vicious wife without inner life ... She manages to portray the trophy 'object' sailing uncertain waters with her anti-hero ... Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio happens to be the best in A Tony's life, the only thing that is good and pure ... His repulsion at the end of the film is so ardent that his whole head could have exploded ... Robert Loggia displays a weak and fearful disposition, especially when confronted with Pacino as a challenger ... He proves to be a less ambitious boss in a position of power ... Steven Bauer shines as the man of charm, faithful ally and faithful friend ... <br /> <br /> Oliver Stone Scarted ' Scarface 'is a change in genre, raising scene ap The Hawks classic scene while updating The gangsters saga of rise and fall to modern Miami and infested with drugs ... But, as always, the focus is on decay, desecration and violence - memorably a repulsive murder of the electric saw , rather than psychological and social reasons psychopathic behavior of the villain ...
