In 1983, director Brian De Palma began making a movie about the rise and fall of an American gangster, and he did - with the help of a great script by Oliver Stone and impeccable work by an exceptional cast. The result was "Scarface," starring Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port of Mariel in Cuba to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at that time, for the greenest pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest and hardworking people, grateful for the opportunity they were given. But not all. Among the "marielitos" flowing to Florida, approximately 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing less than the remnants of Cuba's prisons - criminals considered beyond redemption, of whom Castro simply wanted to get out. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, even when Al Capone had considered Chicago some fifty years before. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known to his associates as "Scarface." Scarface. Now that he was free of the yoke of communism under which he had grown up, Montana wanted what he felt was coming to him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he got off the boat in Florida, he was determined to have it all. Wealth and power - this was Montana's dream, and he would do it by doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man who lived in Miami named Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez apparently had a brother in Cuba who had found an untimely end in the hands of one of Fidel's henchmen, a man who, having survived his usefulness to Castro, had been summarily discarded and was being held in "Little Havana." 'along with Montana and all the Cubans who were off the boats, where they awaited their government documents that would make their transition to their new lives. And, in a short time, Montana takes care that Lopez's brother has been avenged, and paves the way for his own entry into the underworld of America. <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in The Return of Favor causes Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), to be released from the detention camp and get them to work. In his time, Capone may have had smuggling as a means of lining up his coffers with ill-gotten gains, but Lopez has the modern equivalent, and is even more lucrative: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and the doctrine in life, but once he has a taste for it, Montana is not satisfied with the crumbs that Lopez finds fit to throw in his way, and he sets a course that will take him as far as he wants to be: at the top. With a cold iron urge, Montana decides she will do whatever it takes to get there, no matter what the cost. but before it is finished, he will realize the price of his dream and pay; but for a brief moment, maybe he knows what it's like to be Man. And he will know whether it was worth it or not. <br /> <br /> In line with De Palma's vision, Pacino plays Montana, but he does it beautifully. From the accent he affects (which he thoroughly researched to make sure he got it right - and he did), to body language and attitude, he has it all, and makes Montana compelling and very real. What he brings to the role is nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro would be) can. This is definitely not a nice character at all, nor is there anything about Montana that you can relate to on a personal level; but the presence of Pacino's screen is so strong that it makes him a completely captivating character, even though it's hard to get emotionally involved with him. It is simply a dynamic and memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer also features solid role playing that set her on the path to stardom. Like Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and discreet, giving the sensation of something going on downstairs, while affecting a rather cold and distant exterior. She, like Pacino, definitely makes you feel her presence as she slides across the screen in stoic, cryptic and muffled behavior. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana). ), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent precursor to the latest and most acclaimed 'Traffic' and 'Blow', and also having a climactic scene reminiscent of Peckinpah's 'The Wild Bunch', De Palma's 'Scarface', originally criticized by critics, has been quoted since So. by many as the ultimate saga of American gangsters. Much of the violence is implied and not graphic, but this film still has a margin of realism that many may find somewhat disturbing. But if you stick with that, there is a lesson to be learned in the end. And like many lessons in life, the most valuable ones are often the hardest to do at the moment. But the reward is always worth it, and that's how it is with this movie. I rate this 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
