Those who gave such a low output probably never saw the celebrated production of George Balanchine live on stage, or are letting their disdain for the star of Macaulay Culkin influence their judgment. The Atlanta Ballet was fortunate, from the 1960s to the 1980s, to be the first ballet company to stage this production beyond the New York City Ballet, and I've seen it live on stage several times. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate interpretation of this production, and that using a child with limited dancing skills in the title role is not a cheap feat invented to show Culkin; it was Balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of Marie. "Heavy" dancing is left to the adults in history. <br /> <br /> This is deliberately a bound movie; In a way, it resembles "Othello" by Laurence Olivier. Just like in that movie, the sets of stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie studio, but no less artificial, and the ballet is directly photographed with discreet close-ups and without the distraction of the "music video." featured in the overrated version of 1986 by Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. There are only two false steps in this 1993 film. One is the addition of distracted and completely unnecessary sound effects (the rat snores, the children whisper "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard in any theatrical production of any "Nutcracker", and they have been put as a cheap concession simply to please unsophisticated audiences who may not appreciate the idea of ​​watching a ballet in a movie. <br /> <br /> The other misstep is Macaulay Culkin's nutcracker makeup, which looks absolutely ridiculous. When he's onscreen like the Nutcracker, instead of wearing a huge mask (as is always done when Balanchine's production takes place onstage), Culkin is actually invented as the toy - he uses what appears to be a bald, as well as a white wig, mustaches and beard. He also has a rather creepy face, and the worst aspect of his make-up is that his face is still recognizable, transformed in a manner similar to the compositions of Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr in "The Wizard of Oz." (The results of the film's makeup, however, worked spectacularly, as this does not work). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in his production shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was-the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> The dance itself in Macaulay Culkin The version is excellent, of course, except for Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, should not be spectacular. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier are prominent roles in Balanchine's production of "The Nutcracker".) The colors of the film, however, may be a bit brighter as this is a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and the adaptation is so faithful to include the sequence that brings additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet, "The Sleeping Beauty" - as Marie descends, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer is "fixing" Nuts broken (this sequence, of course, was never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet - is the only sequence in this production that features music from a work other than "The Nutcracker"). have lost this movie, or those who despise him (or detested him) should give him a chance, despite his two major drawbacks. It's much better than it sounds when you first hear that Culkin is in it.
