Launched as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Europe's own Holocaust film, this third film by a filmmaker that never ceases to amaze, inspire or shock is a bizarre, nostalgic film about a naïve American in Germany. after the end of World War II. The American, named Leo, does not fully understand what he's doing there. He came to help fix the country because, in his opinion, it was time for Germany to receive some charity. No matter how much this sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer or so especially pro-German, just mixed up. His uncle, who works on the railroad, gets a job for Leo as a helmsman in a sleeping car, and he is increasingly entangled in a whirlwind of horrors and puzzles from Germany in 1945. This progression begins when Leo, played memorably by the quiet but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, finds a muted heiress on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with gentleness on the surface, but inner vigor. She seduces him and takes him home to meet his family, owner of the company that makes the trains. These were the precise trains that took the Jews to death during the war, but now they have a monotonous daily schedule, and the woman's Uncle Kessler poses as one of those good Germans who were just doing their job. There is also Udo Kier, the tremendous actor who surprised me in Von Trier's shocking second film, Epidemic, although here it is mere scenario. Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantine, an actor with a calm force, playing a man of sombre American intelligence. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although it is completely disconcerting to Leo. Americans have been characterized as frivolous for decades, but have been little more carefree than Leo, who returns to his work in what gradually resembles his own custom death train. The story is told in a purposely uncoordinated way by Danish film director Lars Von Trier whose anchor is in the film's breathtaking cinematography and editing. He shoots in black and white and color, he uses dual exposures, optical effects and photo tricks, making actors interact with overhead scenes, he puts his characters into a richly shaded visceral world so they feel like insects, glass for our most accurate research. <br /> <br /> This award-winning surrealist work of the Jury Grand Prize is allegorical, but perhaps in a distinct tone for each viewer. I interpret it as a film about the last legs of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of the Americans and others who appeared too late to save the martyrs of those trains and the fields where they distributed their doomed shipments. During the period of the film, and the Nazi state, and such meaning for the train, are dead, but as decapitated chickens persist in shaking their reflexes. <br /> <br /> The characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammy and almost satiricly acquired from film noir conventions. The most fascinating points of the film are the totally cinematic. Two trains stopping from side to side, Barr in one and Sukowa in another. An underwater shot of proliferating blood. An extraordinarily expressive sequence on how to be drowned. And the most metaphysically affective of all, an anesthetic shot of train tracks, as the voice of Max von Sydow draws us to return to Europe with him and give up our personal restraint.
