For some reason, this movie never appeared in its original language on my neck (though it has the TCM UK Cable channel, which broadcasts dozens of MGM titles week after week). Most disappointing, it's still M.I.A. on DVD ?? even from the recently announced "Warner Bros. Western Collection", Box Set (which includes three other efforts of the genre by Robert Taylor); perhaps, they are saving for an eventual "Signature Collection" dedicated to this faithful of MGM who may be coming next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his passing? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows you a rare villain role as a selfish Westerner with a fanatical hatred of the Indians and who chooses to exploit his shooting skill by firing a flock of buffalo; an opening statement offers alarming statistics that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in the space of only 30 years! As an associate, does Taylor choose former trade professional Stewart Granger ?? Lloyd Nolan (who continually insults the irascible and vengeful Taylor) and teenage mongrel Russ Tamblyn for that purpose. As expected, the company relationship is a bit unstable ?? reminiscent of it at the center of Anthony Mann's THE NAKED SPUR (1953), another outdoor western MGM. The film, in fact, closely approximates the flavor and endurance of Mann's work in that field (though it was Brooks's first work on only a few of these tours, but cumulatively exhibited a remarkable diversity); here too, the narrative launches a feminine presence (Debra Paget, also mestizo) to be played between the two bumpy slopes ?? and Granger, like James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, returns to his work only reluctantly (his remorse for having to kill buffaloes for mere sport and profit is actually realized). <br /> <br /> Does the latter also suffer from seeing Taylor take Paget for himself? she bravely, but coldly, endured her approaches while secretly yearning for Granger? and lets out his frustration at the locals at a bar while drunk! Taylor, himself, does not come out unscathed in business: as the protagonist of SERRE MOTHER'S TREASURE (1948), he becomes shy and jealous of his associates, especially with regard to a rare ?? and therefore precious? hide from a white buffalo that they took; he even goes mad as a buffalo at some point (as Nolan had predicted), becoming deluded into bringing the thunder rumble to the hooves of a mass approaching the species! Are the hunting scenes awesome? buffaloes running, falling to the ground when hit, the endless alignment of the catch of the day and the carcasses that infest the meadows. The atypical but memorable ending of the film, then, is justly famous: with the winter in full swing, a now-paranoid Taylor out of Granger's blood lurks outside a cave (in which the latter and Paget have taken refuge) to shoot him ; when Granger emerges the next morning, does he discover Taylor in a bent position? Frozen to the death! Incidentally, my father owns a copy of the great romance novel (from Milton Lott) since the original release of the film: did he actually collect a large number of these issues? Is it, after all, a practice still in vogue? where a book is reissued to promote its film adaptation. Similarly for the record, Taylor and Granger? Who works very well with each other here? they had allied themselves (like whale-hunting brothers!) in the sea adventure. ALL THE BROTHERS WERE DARING (1953) - which, curiously, is so difficult to see (in fact, even more so, considering that it was not even shown on Italian TV for what seems ages) !!
