William Castle is notorious among horror fans as the director of the B series of the 1950s and 1960s. His tricks, his cost cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. It is not surprising, then, that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has made countless documentaries) finally has time to devote a documentary to his greatness. Such is "Spine Tingler: The History of William's Castle". <br /> <br /> I had a general understanding of who Castle was, having seen some of his films over the years. I knew nothing about his personal life, his goals and his ambitions. This film really embodied the man and gave me a fuller appreciation for his devotion to the craft of making films and his contributions to the horror genre. The film portrays Castle as a rival to Alfred Hitchcock, with Hitch being the artist who wins praise, while Castle is the carnival leader who gains notoriety, but much less respect. He's an icon for all second-rate directors, and that's why it's not surprising that John Waters is featured here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have considerable roles.) <br /> <br /> His tricks have fueled his fame, and the documentary goes to great lengths to explain them, which is crucial for those who are young Too much to remember. The rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate commentary), the buzzer on the bank of "The Tingler" (see separate review), the money back guarantees for "Homicidal" ... watching these movies now out of the theater, we can judge them by their content (which I personally still like), but we can not fully appreciate what the audience has already felt. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is when Castle goes from director of cult to producer of Hollywood. Having bought the rights to "Rosemary's Baby", he is put in a very special place to negotiate the release of his film. Hoping to direct, he is set aside for the producer in order to make way for the new director Roman Polanski. Although at first disappointed, this proves to be one of the best opportunities of his life - a hugely successful film and a work in which he stands out. Who better to handle the purse of the wild artist Polanski than a penny? That would be his greatest achievement, although, unfortunately, the film is more connected to Polanski than Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years are thrown away, and we receive personal reflections from his daughter and niece. All along the line, they all seem to have nothing but praise for man. Somewhere along the way, it certainly disturbed one or two people, but you would never know this in this movie. And I think I find - this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E! True Hollywood Story". Fans of the genre would do well to get a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I would personally recommend taking the William Castle Collection, which has not only eight Castle movies but also special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary so you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle, and have the daughter of Castle, Terry, giving a reflection of their experiences with the different films and remakes. It's almost a new movie.
