The Last Hunt by Richard Brooks was a movie star that Stewart Granger could not bear to hear? he even tore a vintage poster for the movie when he introduced him to sign in his later years? but the director ran off with his wife, so that's understandable. To anyone, this is one of the best adult farosesthe 50s, and years ahead of their time in relation to the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it's almost like a sequel to one of the movies. Westerns of Anthony Mann who see their heroes dragged into their redemption by kicking and screaming at her every step of the way. Here the legendary buffalo hunter from Granger has seen the light, but after a stampede of buffalo cost the herd in an attack of poetic justice, he is dragged back into darkness by Robert Taylor's gunslinger and justified racist , justifying that "I already have the guilty conscience.I could very well have the money too." Created by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he is causing, while the vanishing buffalo is headed for extinction, and he gradually becomes almost as consumed with self-loathing as Taylor is with hatred. When do the two men fall on Debra Paget's squaw? the only survivor of a bunch of Taylor Indians kills ?? and a white buffalo hide that is invaluable to hunters and Indians for very different reasons, a confrontation becomes unavoidable, although the result certainly is not. <br /> <br /> Taylor is certainly ironic? was Granger refusing many of the epic roles that MGM developed for him in films like Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor his return to 50 years after years of steady decline. His hair color can not convince, but his performance does, a shallow and violent man so consumed by hatred that he does not use a weapon, the weapon wears him. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he makes a good quiet hero in Jimmy Stewart's cast, trying to maintain his newfound decency and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to make amends. Russ Tamblyn's midfielder skinner and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged veteran also do their best, but the real star is the script: well-drawn with a great eye and ear for the character? not to mention a late Stanley Kubrick loaned by The Shining? balances historical revisionism with entertainment drama without ever selling short. The new French DVD is extra-free, but has a 2.35: 1 download with an English soundtrack.
