The quality of this film is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time. Pam Dixon works in the film industry to recruit potential clients and make this work of art a must-see. Oscar winners Brenda Fricker, Ben Johnson and Adrien Brody (The Pianist, The Village) amplify the atmosphere of the film, drawing it into an eager audience. However, the dramatic performances are neutralized by the peculiar radio announcer Jay O. Sanders (JFK, The Day After Tomorrow). <br /> <br /> The story is centered around an adopted child, the promising actor Joseph Gordon. Levitt (Brick the lookout). Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. features an abrupt performance as the longtime friend who has never met his parents. The two do not have much, but what they have: baseball of the angels, and what they are looking for: identity. It's when Emmy nominated 4-time Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) arrives to save the day as frustrated Angels Manager, George Knox. In relation, all the characters in the story seem to have the same mission: to search within themselves to find out who they really are. Depressed with the fact that Roger (JGL) is separated from his father, he wishes God to reunite if the angels can carry the pennant. The odds are astronomical, but Emmy winner Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future, My Favorite Martian) appears as the omniscient superintendent to work a little magic (pun). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) is sitting with Roger in the stands, eating crackers and causing some of the biggest baseball hits! Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells (DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar Winner) 1951 script is done justice under the finger of William Dear's mentor (indicated in the Directors Guild of America). It includes a poignant story centered around pitcher Mel Clark, played by Tony Danza (four times Emmy nominated Golden Globe nomination), who in relation to all other cast members is just trying to find his place in an Anaheim confused Clark was dubbed a "washer", which was once a big name in Cinci, but he has something to prove to manager Knox. <br /> <br /> Spoiling this nail-biting plot would simply be the equivalent of committing adultery in the eighteenth century. This is a rough diamond, and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until everyone comes to peace. Did I mention a special participation by Matthew McConaughey (A Time to Kill, We Are Marshall) for all the women out there?
