Although I do not usually go for a relentlessly cheery fare like that, I happened to pick up the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on the cable on a Saturday morning just as it was starting. Being a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see how Brody was when he was a 21 year old (20, when he filmed, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, an elite player for the California Angels of 1951, the bad luck baseball team was the Pittsburgh Pirates. The change of name is a nice touch, since it turns the title into a play on words. I decided to give the movie a try, and it turned out to be a fairly painless, kind experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness, and baseball-based excitement. Also, my 7 year old daughter enjoyed the effects of an angel! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator, William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), an adopted son who prays hard after his eldest father (the convincing and dirty Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically says that they will be a family again when California's last place Angels win the pennant. Soon Roger begins to see true angels in the games of the Angels, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose habitual and eccentric irreverence prevents that AitO falls irretrievably in Zone Schmaltz. Crusty manager George Knox (Danny Glover in weary and exasperated mode) is hard to sell, but once the team starts to win, he believes in Roger sightings, and soon Knox has Roger, his friend and his adopted son JP adorable Milton Davis Jr.) in every Angels game to get lucky. Knox even begins to mitigate his own temperamental blasts and profane language, both to appease the angels and to the good of the children, resulting in a bit funny when he starts dressing a referee in the usual manner, but begins to edit as he goes together. Predictable obstacles happen, like the obnoxious sports rancher Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) trying to create problems for Knox because of the angle of the angel. Of course, everything works fine for our heroes in the end, but they are so kind that you do not care! :-) Baby-faced Brody has a couple of good lines (I particularly like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem on a ball game) as well as a cute piece where a beautiful blonde angel massages his shoulders before to go to bat. Brody is not the only future star in AitO's line-up: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course young Gordon-Levitt co-starred in TV's 3rd Rock of the Sun as well as films like 10 THINGS. I hate you. The always fun Taylor Negron and the Oscar winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson provide support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for children and check out some notable young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do well.
