I'm a big fan of Woody Allen and so when I saw that it was playing in the movies I could not help it. I wanted to see how Allen would accompany his magnificent Match Point movie, as this is another of his films shot in G.B. (which is unique among Allen's work) along with what appears to be his new muse Scarlett Johanson. Scoop is much lighter than MP and humor is the nicest aspect of Scoop. The plot revolves around Johanson's character (a student of journalism), who gets a hint about a hot story from beyond the grave. She falls in love with a suspicious serial killer (Jackman) and she must decide if it's worth finding the truth. Oh, and all this is done with the help of a jumbled magician who turned into a detective played by Allen. <br /> <br /> I must say that I really enjoyed Johanson's performance, but I'm a bit prejudiced, I could watch the three-hour movie with Johanson in every frame and stay delighted. She interprets a sloppy, chatty, clumsy love that is sort of a variation on the stereotyped character of Allen's stereotyped neurosis. It adds appropriate body language to comic effect. Needless to say almost anyone who sees this will find the character of Johanson disgustingly cute and this is an advantage. <br /> <br /> Allen is Allen ... He's still playing the same character a lot as Chaplin and his Little Tramp character. Something that happens in this film makes me wonder if I'll see the little neurotic hypochondriac again. He is not in the cast of his next photo and has spent more time exclusively behind the camera ... Jackman is also nice as the mildly murdered millionaire murder suspect. I can not say that Jackman does anything in particular to play his role, but he does not suit his character. <br /> <br /> In terms of plot I can not help but feel this is new ... It actually stinks of the Jade Scorpion Curse. Johanson and Allen are more detectives than anything. However, I must applaud Allen in his final because he is a little smarter than his typical Hollywood version of this movie. Instead of everything being black and white, things are painted in shades of gray. Being totally innocent has nothing to do with it and no unequivocal fault. Although the plot seemed old Woody still has a knack for a special linings. I found your allusions to your last movie interesting ... Come to the mood, laugh and be cheerful. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, if you enjoy Allen's work, watch. If you do not watch something else ...
