First of all, let me comment that the public loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East led people to take the attitude: "I came to a comedy and by George I will enjoy." but for whatever reason, everyone really seemed in the comedy of it. In recent times, Woody has attempted to make a straight comedy (Small Time Crooks, Jade Scorpion Curse, Hollywood Ending). I felt as if one-liners seemed tense and a bit old-fashioned. I remember thinking of one point: "That would have been funny in the early sixties." So going to this movie, I was afraid that Woody was getting deaf, however, in this, his comedic sensibilities were in perfect tune. Of course, there were a lot of my AARP card colleagues carrying people on display, but there were also a lot of adults in their 20s and 30s, and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional laugh, plus lots of laughs, like. In many cases, the releases had people laughing so loudly that you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Thematically, Woody was going through familiar terrain. As I suspected the trailer, this movie had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but then again there was more than a little bit of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a little Broadway tribute to Danny Rose in Even with Woody in the film, Scarlett, like Sondra, was sometimes Woody's representative, but his character was far from the Nebbish we, say, Will Ferrell gave us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in Celebrity. Instead of ticks and archetypal peculiarities, Sondra's nerdity comes directly from the family's history, which she shares from the beginning. On numerous occasions, the "family business" leads to proposals we receive as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as non-sequitur strangers. Since we're all joking, we can not help laughing. But the laughter comes not from recognizing Woody's hazy, but from the character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett is not required to use Woody's voice to evoke Woody's role. Thus, we do not find ourselves torn from the narrative as a voice of Woody suddenly emerges from another person's face. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented on the exit, Sid, the character played by Woody, is a supporting role, but more central than I expected. However, this time Woody seems to have written a character that really fits his current persona. Unlike his wise character Ed Dobel in Anything Else, or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, this time the character is a comfortable fit. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works on the story. Within the lofty circles they meet, he is even more fish out of water than Scarlett, who is used with great comic effect all over. Sid is a wandering magician in decline who plays for small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is put in front and center for our enjoyment. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked the two in that they are used in the piece. I particularly liked McShane's short but effective curves. Jackman is charming with the ease of "Old Money," which was so often portrayed in films 50 years ago. (The class echoes the Purple Rose of Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So, what do I think? Short answer, perhaps his best direct comedy since 1994, Bullets Over Broadway. Less stylized than the powerful Aphrodite. Less caustic than deconstructing Harry. Less forced than the bandits of the small time or the end of Hollywood. Woody finally found a comedic voice that works in the 21st century.
