Something happens to Sondra Pransky when she enters the wizard's box on the stage of a London theater. Sondra knows little that the spirit of the late journalist Joe Strombel materializes to ask her to investigate the man somebody told her on her trip to another dimension, the infamous Tarot killer who was on a crime binge in London. The only problem is that the accused man is, for all appearances, a respectable upper-class man. When Sondra tells his experience to the Great Splendini, who is known as Sid Waterman, the magician is stunned, but decides. go together. The two would be P.I.s to conjure an invitation to a club where Peter Lyman is going to swim. Sondra, who pretends to be drowning, catches the eye of this man, who wants to see more of her. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, the two will go into all kinds of funny situations to the point of mystery. is revealed at the end of the film. Little does the true Tarot killer think he can fool a determined Sondra who proves to be more resourceful than he has given her credit for. <br /> <br /> The result is a perfect summer movie with lots of laughter that is just what it takes to get out of the heat at a perfect time in a cool theater. Woody Allen did better and yet this sunny comedy will claim you for past failures. In "Scoop," Mr. Allen turned away from the romantic leader who tormented his beautiful main lady. Your gesticulating trademark is something this funny man will never get rid of, since it seems to be his trademark. The movie has some funny liners that will go through the heads of viewers who may not be paying attention. Scarlett Johansson, the beautiful star of "Scoop," seems to be the perfect movie for Woody. Allen She plays the straight part while Mr. Allen does her trick, a perfect match. Both are excellent at their jokes throughout the film. Johansson is a beauty knockout in her red swimsuit, though she's been dressed sloppily in most of the clothes she wears on the canvas. Hugh Jackman is seen as Peter Lyman a sophisticated man about the city with the right pedigree. He makes a good appearance in the film as the man chasing Johansson. Ian McShane plays the dead journalist on Fleet Street on his way to eternity. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a lightweight movie for the hot and humid summer thanks to Woody Allen.
