Immediately after Match Point (2005), a thin and somewhat self-repetitive piece of "Woody Serious," Scoop gives new hope to Allen's small but tough follower group (among which I include myself) that the master plus one found its shape. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in the melancholy Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassing Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts that another top-of-the-line Woody comedy, with or without its own participation as an actor, was in the cards. Fortunately, the cards end up becoming a tarot deck that serves as Scoop's clever Maguffin and offers an upbeat read for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. Even more encouraging, Woody's self-casting - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is here an inspired piece of self-parody, as well as humble recognition, finally , that he can no longer interpret romantic connections with women young enough to be his daughters or grandchildren. In Scoop, Allen is astutely attributed to the role of Sid Waterman, an aging mage with cheap tricks and tired stage weariness who, as well as Woody himself, brought his act to London, where the public - if not more receptive - is by less educated. As Chaplin's Calvero en Claridad (1952), Sid Waterman offers Allen the opportunity to use the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has declined and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative. Also, because they look in character, Allen's ticks and the long stutterers are less disturbing here than they were some time ago. <br /> <br /> The character of Waterman also works perfectly in the plot. His fake magic box of dissolution of the body becomes the site ironically plausible for visits of Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious investigative journalist and recent victim of cardiac arrest. Introduced on a ferryboat to the Hades of the River Styx, Strombel jumps ship repeatedly because he simply can not rest in eternity without communicating a last "spoon" on the identity of the notorious "Tarot killer." Unfortunately, her initial return from the dead takes him to Waterman's magic show and the only channel for her hot lead turns out to be a journalism student, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called from the audience as a comic book butt for the climactic trick of the magician. Sondra enthusiastically takes advantage of the journalistic opportunity and drags the reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of his millionaire father. As shown in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the joke between her and Allen is a lot of fun - and even more so because it never threatens to become a prelude to romance. The serial plot of Scoop, involving terrible murders of prostitutes and a suspect aristocratic chieftain, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the foreseeable result of Allen's long sabbatical exposure to the ubiquitous landmarks and legends of London, Jack the Ripper. Yet other facets of Scoop (as of Match Point) also derive from Woody's recent encounter with English culture. Its class structure, modes, idiomatic expression, dress, architecture, and, rather, peculiar steering habits give Woody a new material for an ironic observation of human behavior as well as acute social satire. When, for example, Sondra is trying to approach Peter Lyman in a private club, Waterman remarks "from his point of view, we are scum." A good deal of humor is also generated by the setbacks of the rigidly reserved British social ways that come across Waterman's insistent Jewish plebeianism of Borscht. And of course there's the hilarious way out of Waterman in a smart car that he can not remember driving on the left side of the road. As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop includes heavy doses of inner jokes, taking the form of insinuating allusions to cinematographic and literary sources, as well as, increasingly, references to his own filmography. In addition to Jack's diffused references to the Ripper, for example, the film's soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement of Grieg's "The King's Hall of the Mountain" compulsively hissed by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the genre serial killer. The post-funeral meeting of journalists who discuss the exploits of the late Joe Strombel clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of Death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and fantasy), the use of Mandelbaum as a character name, and the mention of Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the underground Hades river cruise recalls the use of Greek gods and a chorus in Powerful Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As for the comic phrases, Allen's scripts depend less on one. -liners than they did early in their career, but Scoop provides at least a couple of memorable ones. For a question about his religion, Waterman replies, "I was born in Hebrew persuasion, but then I converted to narcissism." And Sondra takes the Waterman's probe hypothesis: "If we put our heads together, you'll hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy of Woody Allen in a decade.
