Greetings again from the darkness. Remember all the "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes Even Allen mocked the fans who wanted him to continue making his own "funny" movies. As with any great artist, Allen's craft evolved over the years and he lost some fans while picking up others. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" showed that it is as relevant and poignant as it was in "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan." What is most impressive to us, over 40 fans of the year, is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a crush on his country. Apparently he really likes England !! While filming "Matchpoint," Allen was delighted with Scarlett Johansson and his real-life spirit and sense of humor. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years. Scarlett, while risking overexposure, must be credited for not only choosing films that dazzle her. She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop," she shows some real on-screen comedy tricks and, in many scenes, shows the real joke to Allen's straight man. Of course, any time Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will have more than his share of a liner and social commentary - which is good, because few do it better. <br /> <br /> Very good supporting work by Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman provides some glimpses of why so many of us thought he was the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. As with most Allen films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett delivers superbly here and is a good contrast to the polished Allen and Jackman, what makes this a snap is the dialogue ... especially the prank between Allen and Scarlett. If you are not a big fan of Woody, do not be afraid. It limits your time on the screen and is quite effective except in two or three short scenes that almost seem out of place. Another tradition of Woodman is a sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the composition of Strauss. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a good cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of the Marx Brothers. movies or the comedies of Cary Grant. Yes, it's an adult comedy, but it's actually really cute ... especially for a serial killer and talking ghost comedy !!
