"Scoop" is also the name of an Evelyn Waugh novel from the late 1930's, and Woody Allen's new film, despite being set today, has nostalgic charm and simplicity. It does not have the depth of characterization, intense performances, suspense or final shock of Allen's penultimate effort "Match Point" (argued by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form), but "Scoop" resembles A Allen's last appearance in his focus on English aristocrats, London's luxurious apartments, murders, and detection. This time, Woody leaves behind the mysterious genre of murder and returns to the comedy, and is back on the screen like a lovely Vaudevillian, a magician named Sid Waterman, dubbed The Great Splendini, who challenges some snobs with "I used to be from persuasion, but as I grew older I became narcissism. " Following a revelation amidst Splendini's standard dematerializing act with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky), the voluntary audience, the ungainly duo is drawn into a deadly attempt by English journalist to make one last breakthrough. On the edge of Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just found the shadow of the secretary of one of Lord Lyman's sons, who claims to have been poisoned, and she told him that the charming aristocrat Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the killer of the Tarot Card. , a serial killer from London. Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur detectives. With Sid's expressionless humor and the beautiful beauty of Sondra, they quickly cut down on the cream of London's aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody is not playing his young muse heroine - as in "Match Point," Johansson again - as in the past. This time, in addition, Scarlett is not an ambitious singer and pretense movie star. She turned surprisingly into a clumsy, goggle, but still very handsome. Sid and Sondra have no flirting, which is a great relief. They simply come together, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wishes, befriending Lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt. With only minimal protests, Sid agrees to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who captivated Peter by pretending to drown in the club pool, reenacts Jade Spence. Spence, Woody, continues to break the cover by playing tricks of cards, but he entertains the dowagers with them and beats their husbands in poker, spitting phrases non-stop and at the same time keeping, apparently successfully, in oil and metals precious as well as "Jade" told him to say. <br /> <br /> That's all there is to it, or all that can be said without spoiling the story, revealing its outcome. At first, Allen's decision to make Johansson a clumsy, naively frank and poorly dressed university seems not only impolite but also a bad decision. But Johansson, who has claw and claw as an actress, miraculously manages to do so, aided by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress look desirable, if he wants her. The film actually creates a sense of relationship, to compensate for the limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra fight friendly, and Peter and Sondra have a believable attraction, though it's artificial and contaminated (after all, she's going to sleep with a suspect homicidal maniac). <br /> <br /> What gets a little bit is Allen again drooling over the wealth and class English, things that his past in Brooklyn seems to have left, despite all his fame, with an irresistible desire for. Jackman is an impressive, glamorous and dashing guy. His parents were English. But could this athletic musical comedy starring Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) really be an aristocrat? Only in the movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not a movie as strong as "Match Point", but to say that it is a loser as some viewers have is completely wrong. It has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a TV show, but Woody's jokes are far more funny and original than you get in any media case, and sometimes show a return to old-fashioned intelligence and cunning It does not matter if a movie is silly or careless when it is diverting summer entertainment. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. The whole thing delightfully evokes a time when movie comedies were really light escapist entertainment, with no gross jokes or bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell him that this is a return to Allen's decline that preceded "Match Point." Do not believe them. He does not try too hard. Why should he? He may be 70 but verbally, he is still standing. And your body moves too fast too.
