I was fortunate to get a free pass for an early screening of 'Scoop' last night. Full house in the theater and when the movie ended there was spontaneous applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like Scoop, although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and moved uneasily for most of the movie. They were the exception, though, because everyone else, myself included, really had fun. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a murder mystery quickly paced. A young journalism student is involuntarily maneuvered by forces beyond her control to try to catch a serial killer on the loose. A lot happens while she partners with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a playful and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. It's not your best job, but it's a very nice and light joke. I would say it fits very comfortably into being an average Woody Allen movie right in the middle of the pack. If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll probably enjoy it. If you are indifferent to your work, then 'Scoop' might be enough for you to be interested in seeing more. I do not think anyone who does not like their style of making movies and acting will change their mind. Woody interprets the same kind of neurotic character we have become accustomed to, though it borders dangerously close to forced and exaggerated in this film. While potentially aggravating to some who may find themselves longing for him to hurry and just spit out the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. Very good performance around in my opinion, although I found myself missing Ian McShane who is great and not on camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is great as the charming nobility and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work on Scarlett Johansson. I think with 'Match Point' this is the second pair and it's just magical with the material that Woody gives you. It could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I saw the movie and definitely recommend it. Comedy more sophisticated than films like 'Scary Movie 4', so if your comedy mark is the last instead of the previous one, 'Scoop' is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you like a touch of class, sophistication and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. Probably not the Woody Allen movie I would introduce to a newcomer, but everyone else should try it out.
