I did not really watch this show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember seeing is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler punched Stephanie's ears. when I started high school in 2000. I had problems throughout high school and I'd rather not get into it. but I used to always get saved by the bell, but this show really reminded me of the problems I faced at school, and that rarely showed the children's parents. except for the bell everything is fine, but not a good family show. a few days after I graduated high school in 2004. I turned on the TV to the family channel and day after day I got hooked on the full house. I could even push the info button and see the year that came out and I would remember what I was doing during that time period. the episode was about to start and was titled "birthday blues" and until today is the most favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way she does not act in other episodes, she really shows her serious side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD and I'm hoping for 7 and 8. I wish somehow they could have a documentary and some comments from cast members. I do not know why some people hate this show because you do not see garbage and violence in this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but full house in my opinion is a family that lives in heaven, where everyone is happy and always good things happen. and the characters are so incredible. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is humorous and always in a good mood. When I was a kid I used to be like Jesse and he is the first actor on TV as a guy who is so obsessed with hair. Somehow you can actually say that DJ is a California girl. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because she always makes me smile and brighten my day when I watch her. and Stephanie is so cool. I also have a hard time separating the Olsen twins. I want my kids to watch one day. but full house is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina the teenage witch is my # 2 favorite. One day, sometime before I die, I would really like to meet the full house cast personally. The first 3 seasons are a bit boring, but they start to improve in Season 4. I just wanted them to have a 9th season. they stopped making full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996 Sabrina the teenage witch left (which is a similar family show) but full house is a very loving show and they have their good and bad moments, and yes, I understand, if you're a wild trashy type person that you're going to hate this show, but this is a show of happiness and it's also moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good kid shows, but around the 4th and 5th seasons DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only with full house but with many shows, they never talk about the problems in the world and politics, like when the full house was on the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombing time in Oklahoma City. in 1995, they never mentioned anything about it. also Steve was the boyfriend of my favorite DJ, those who had viper and nelson were not very interesting. but season 5 and 6 I think they are the best. I just wanted them to have a 9th season because it left a big question mark in my head because in the last episode at the last minute, DJ gets a surprise and goes to the dance with her ex boyfriend, I always wondered if they would come back together. and I liked how in the final seasons, DJ was always responsible and Stephanie was always wanting to do something bold, as in the episode "stephanie's wild ride"
