Thank you Jymn Magon for creating the two best Disney cartoons. This show has improved a lot over the years. As a kid, I did not like it because I thought it was a copy of Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero). Then later though it was good but not great. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give it another chance & bought the DVD set & watched the entire pilot on the first day I got it, and was very pleasantly surprised. It's still my favorite episode, although the series has lived up to it. And at the end of Disc 1, I knew this would be a top tenner. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex and charming. My favorite has to be the Wildcat. He is absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show. I can see why ol Jymn built the show around him. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best relationship in the series. After that, Louie. Jim Cummings did a perfect job of imitating the original voice. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh a lot, and I believe she and Baloo end up getting married. And finally (to the heroes), Molly. Although she is my least favorite, I still like her. I think she's a very cute character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the villains were very original. Don Karnage and his aerial pirates always drive me crazy, Kahn is cold and relentless, and Thembrians are always fun. As said before, the stories range from hilarious (Time Waits For No Bear, Red Chimp Romance) to nothing less than playing (The Old Man and the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), for fun, funny adventures and exciting (in search of old mistakes and my favorite for whom the bell Klangs). These are just a few of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is the best of Disney, besides the Gummi Bears. Any reasons for this? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS did not have enough of Wildcat. But in the end, Talespin remains a classic. BOTTOM LINE- 10/10 6th best cartoon of all time.
