If you are seeing this show for the first time, you can start thinking if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Fun dialogue? Lands that seem to have some depth to them, even creating atmospheres of suspense and drama sometimes? I mean, this is a syndicated children show, right? This is the same place that brought boys like "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (please note that three of the titles mentioned above are crude Japanese exports courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you're just experiencing part of the quality fare that was available to kids during the late 80's and early 90's. Some examples of that period would be "Transformers," "Garfield and Friends," "Captain Power" and "COPS" (a cartoon should NOT be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these key examples, Disney has also returned to syndicated programs for children, creating a program called "The Disney Afternoon." In addition to a dumb show called "The Gummi Bears," previous programs such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale's" Rescue Rangers "lent credibility to Disney animation teams who were also releasing movie classics. such as "The Little Mermaid," "Beauty and the Beast," "The Rescue," and "The Great Detective of the Rat." But above all, these wonders shine "TaleSpin". The debut of "Plunder and Lightning" was a thrill ride of two hours and won an Emmy. To my delight, the rest of the episodes resembled the promise of the premiere. <br /> <br /> While I appreciate the plots and dialogues, I think the main attraction for me is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent but still fallible woman; Cloudkicker Kit, full of anguish and pre-adolescent optimism; Louie, with your loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty in the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and witty, but with some depth that most children's characters do not have, and of course in the middle of it all there is Baloo, whom I would describe as a shallow version of James Bond. That's because whenever there are problems, Baloo saves the day with the help of his Sea Duck more elegant than most, the fastest of all (Read: Aston Martin, James Bond). Of course every big show has to have great villains, and TaleSpin does not disappoint either. From the megalomania of the businesstiger Shere Kahn, to the vain and ever-bankrupt air pirate Don Karnage, to the hilarious and inept Soviet satirised Thembrians. The animation is good, the music is appropriate and the episodes are (for me) the best children's programming ever had to offer. Great fun for the whole family!
