As for many here, I can not but praise the cast and crew who developed Talespin and others who have done throughout My Childhood. I, like everyone who commented here, enjoy the quality not only of the animation but of the quality of the story. lines and characters. Classifying this work of art as a "cartoon" could never do justice, in fact, it is an insult to classify it as a "cartoon", Talespin is an animation and nothing is evidently the greatest work of genius to be produced at Disney until today, when Disney "pulled it" from the air little realized what they did and I'm sure that their souls have been tortured by regret ever since. I'll take a moment to explain, From the first one that is ducktales to the last one I think is Darkwing Duck, Disney has been plagued with failures due to political correctness and have taken a quantum leap back since, They prefer Quantity Over Quality now not to mention the monkey room full of history, I could not have My kids watching the "Cartoons" narcotics they throw away now for fear that they would all turn homer Simpson some time into the future and 50% of the blame would be on me for allowing it to watch it, I could not let that happen, and that's why I have ALL the shows from the late 80's until the mid 90's on a hard drive, so one day my kids could not be corrupted by the "Cartoon Crap" of today and to taste the last piece of childhood that I have and to hold and I owe all this to Talespin. <br /> <br /> The Talespin for me is undoubtedly the best animation ever produced in the world on account of it's depth, charm, wit, compassion, emotion and lack of truly poor quality and story lines that many have today , do you see any of that content in saying "Ed, Edd and Eddie or anything else you can think of?" The garbage produced today can be likened to the indecipherable 3-year-old Hyroglyph depicting a Picasso. The next time you watch an episode and Talespin take a look at woodgrain at any object or wooden building like Higher for Hire and save on the quality of work and effort put into this Animation. a single shot were made as if they were to use them again, The Buildings seem faithful to the art deco movement that was popular in the time period portrayed, even the vehicles are faithful to life, OK not all episodes were fantastic in the but the lower grade scenes were covered by the upper scenes for everyone at all. He evened it all up until the end of the episode and you probably would never notice it unless you were focused and had an attention to detail. <br /> <br /> The only thing I love about this is what I like to call "Deliberate Mistakes" or "Intended Mistakes" in each episode and some have two, for example, in sheep skin where Rebecca says "You're with something Baloo" and Baloo replies "Who, Me !, I'm as innocent as a student" take a look in the eyes of rebecca, I won 'Do not ruin the rest of the Baloopers, but keep an eye on next time. <br /> <br /> All the comments are up and 100% correct, I have nothing else to add that the others have not already said, Disney, WAKE UP and smell the coffee, You've been sleeping for over a decade, Stop Producing Rubbish and Bring Back Quality in Animations and Stop Producing "Cartoons" We've seen proof of what You can do and We want it back as fast as possible.
