This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he represented, and what the LDS church believes. With all the current media coverage of a certain runaway people confused the LDS church with the FLDS church and the fugitive criminal Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS church, but media groups internationally asked for comments on Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the film, but I think it's ironic that this film with all its points about Joseph also points to the few members of the FLDS church and its leader at this time in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great movie about it. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are portrayed in Joseph's humanity, acceptance, and love. Jeff's visions and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and are seen in this film. Jeffs thinks of "black" as demons. Joseph Smith knew that they were God's children and gave his wife's favorite horse to an African-American (ex-slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown doing housework for his wife Emma and is criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in the next life if she chooses not to stay with her husband and that doing the chores is a way to help and estimate. your wife. Jeffs put one of his polygamous wives on their knees in front of a class of students, grabbing her and twisting her painfully until she dropped to her knees. Finally, Joseph participated in law enforcement and sought government assistance at all times. Jeffs makes a tough face with the government and flees all the time. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the SUD church believes then this is the movie to see. And if you confused the LDS Church with the FLDS church, then you really need to come together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and family, and also patriotic in our country and country. We are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. The important thing is our message and what we stand for. This movie tries to portray this, but there is much of Joseph's life that can not be covered in a film of only two hours. This was a really great show.
