Somewhere near the bottom of the movie studio ladder you can find companies like UFO, Troma and, beneath them, the Seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a video producer that specializes in erotic lesbian without hardcore erotica. movies. It has developed a very dedicated fanbase that buys each new title as it is released, but unfortunately the company has become very much associated with frequent star Misty Mundae. I say, unfortunately, because the recent interest in the mainstream and its appearance in the Masters of Horrors program has made it look a bit more than the government's budget efforts that force the company to find a new identity. But in their glory days they released this movie in a very appreciative world. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school, she finds her absurdly hot roommate played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately has plans for her, but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In typical S.C style, the movie stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of its efforts, this one has a rather interesting story and some good acting. Larocca seems to be having a lot of fun as the sexual predator sees Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (though brief) appearance as Satan. This is the kind of movie that Jess Franco would use in the 70's (although this one does not have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to play for foreign sales) and fans of this madman's job would be wise to give this film to me, as a very low budget movie fan (and Troma worshiper), I came across Seduction movie movies through their parody films (Playmate of the Apes, Who Wants to be an Erotic billionaire), but I really prefer their jobs more originals. You can see beyond the low budget and occasionally poor performance or you get stuck to these things and just hate all those movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these films without budget is a true sense of fun. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style, which gives the viewer something very different from what is simple, by the numbers, by the studio efforts that carry multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If You Have Never Seen A Seduction The movie movie, whether this or Sin Sisters (with both Mundae sisters) are great options to get you started. This is a fun and fast movie (although the school's frequent exterior scenes have gotten a little old) and the DVD is loaded full of extras, including a ton of views of other company offerings, a great backstage feature and some deleted scenes , including an alternative aperture. I recommend that you pass on the disc bonus, the director's first movie, as it is very weak and not worth seeing.
