This violent, often violent western in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition is surprisingly driven by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose previous westerns (particularly those who starred John Wayne) were mostly in John Ford mode. It is surprisingly traditional (goodies / thugs) and also amazing. <br /> <br /> Heston plays a former Arizona Territorial Police captain who retired a year ago. handed the reins of the law to a reformist sheriff (Michael Parks) and found that his law enforcement was being taken by cars, telegraphs, telephones, and the railroad in the early years of the twentieth century. But soon he is confronted with a threat from his past - a mongrel outlaw (Coburn) that he laid off more than a decade before a train robbery that killed four guards. In a subsequent shooting, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn is out for a more unpleasant kind of revenge. It involves the abduction and eventually rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a tense and violent chase through the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. THE LAST HARD MEN, based on Brian Garfield's novel "Gun Down," is violent in many places, including the confrontation between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene involving Hershey and two members of the gang of Coburn (Quade, Paull) are probably as questionable as similar scenes in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But this does not greatly diminish the film's psychological approach to the Western genre. McLaglen is able to deal with bloody history with significant blessing, and Heston's performance as an elderly veteran was probably the best he has ever given in any of his 1970s films. Coburn makes a particularly heavy weight, and both Parks as well as Chris Mitchum (as husband intended by Hershey) also make good turns. The song here is composed of Jerry Goldsmith's scores up to 100 RIFLES and the remake of STAGECOACH in 1966, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Filmed entirely on location in southeastern Arizona, and using Old Tucson set, THE LAST HARD MEN needs to be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is a Western that deserves nothing less.
