A young London lawyer, Arthur Kidd, is sent to a small coastal town of Crythin Gifford to oversee the property of a recently deceased widow, Mrs. Drablow. While attending his funeral, a mysterious lady dressed in black catches his eye. Supposedly, Drablow lived a reclusive life, and the locals kept very still about her. After that, he heads for Mrs. Drablow's mansion, which can only be reached in a passage through the swamp at low tide. There he meets the woman in black again in the backyard cemetery, and things start to get scary when scary noises begin to come from the swamps. Now the belongings of Mme. Drablow can be heard and listening to his recordings on dairy help Kidd to discover this grim mystery that locals fear to speak. <br /> <br /> Generally considered highly among horror fans as being one of the most ghastly ghost stories. always and I can see your point. But only in doses is it based on the tag. Yes, from what you can muster, I was a bit unbalanced, although I really like it. I was expecting goose bumps throughout the feature, but is this probably it? waiting. Mostly I had a similar reaction with the 1980s haunted house thriller "The Changeling". When you hear so many good things, sometimes it's hard not to get caught up in it. <br /> <br /> Either way what the British TV show of "The Woman in Black" effectively brings is a truly old-fashioned, slow burning spine-prickly experience boosted by its moody venues, haunting atmosphere and performances first class. Subtly covers the psychologically exciting story (adapted from Susan Hill's novel of the same name), as the simple mystery authentically opens with a depressing tragic tone and successfully characterizes its protagonist. Little seems to happen, and may seem strenuous, but his fragile randomness catches you off guard. Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black. Who appears mainly as a background figure, is scary. She may not appear that much, but when does she do it? Talk about unnerving! This also applies to this pessimistic conclusion. Pauline Moran, who plays the woman in black, makes us nervous about her slim appearance and sudden positioning. A pale look and those minor mannerisms seem to haunt him. She's a spirit that you do not want to cross, even if you just let her see you. A performance performed by a Marilyly moody Adrian Rawlins as the attorney Arthur Kidd keeps them all together. In his support are the solid curves of Bernard Hepton, David Daker, Clare Holman and David Ryall. <br /> Drawing heavily in its lush rural town and misty coastal locations, it adds more to the realistically strange situation and the centerpiece has all unfold in the desperate Victorian house that suffocates the air with constant fear. Director Herbert Wise carefully manufactures alarming images that slowly cover one secret piece at a time in a smoothly paved pace of good judgment. Instead of coming out to shock us, some scenes contain a harrowing intensity that will not let go. The sound effects are used with mastery, surrounding and disorienting the air. Rachel Portman's harrowing soundtrack knows how to get in touch with you during these scary moments and then stay with you. <br /> <br /> This rarity made for television is a stimulating and surprising supernatural thriller. It may not share much new to the subgenre, but competently sticks to it to deliver what counts in this curse.
