I was lucky enough to watch this without any preview hype. I was surprised by the resilience of the ghost image in my mind the next day and the next day. I've watched 3-4 times, and each time I appreciate it even more. The settings are beautiful, the city at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, the long range swamp planes, and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so nice and kind, with whom he is easily sympathetic. For the person who complained that there was not enough "spark" in this film, I would say it is because the whole fight against the ghost is being fought by only one person. It's a rather slow movie, with an unusual amount of time spent, pre and post-ghosting, in the development of your character with family and professional life. Discussion SPOILERS / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he returns to the main town and meets the man who helps him and explains about seeing the ghost. He describes the woman in black and, at the end of the conversation, he says he is coming back, because after all, what evil did she cause him? The other man says, "You can not go back ... alone!" and lend the hero his dog. The cute little dog offers a small truce of comic relief, with him going through the house and even into the locked room. <br /> <br /> The many casual appearances of the ghost really startled me. The woman appears in the middle of the church, showing that she is not afraid of the church, nor is she shy or attached to the house. This is all in the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children outside the church fence, attending the funeral. As the camera moves to the right, the woman is seen in the background between the gravestones. The older man does not even look at it, but the kids are screaming and teasing. Crreeepy ... Usually ghosts are hidden in the shadows, haunting specific places or people. As already mentioned, the malevolence and wrath of the ghost are scary, and I feel that they are attacks and the ending was perfect and fully justified. The ending underscored the fact that the hero made a big mistake returning to the house. Or maybe he's been tagged, no matter what, saving the gypsy girl. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so believable, and really fills the role well. I have spread the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this movie, and it is comforting to see others feel the same. I can see how people do not see the same masterpiece, especially if they approach it with too much propaganda. <br /> <br /> I think someone else summed it up when they said that this movie solved the problem. whether ghosts can or do not physically harm man. Whew .. I plan to watch again tonight, followed by The Changeling, aaww yeah. Any other movie to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
