New York, 1953. One hot night, four famous iconic figures will join. The professor (Albert Einstein) came to NY to give a speech, which he has, the senator (Joesph MacCarthy) in the back. Later that night, he receives a surprise visit; a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss the theories of relativity. Soon her husband throwing ball (Joe DiMaggio) appears in the hotel room, begging to sort things out because of the crumbling relationship. Childhood flashbacks, important events, perceived consequences of their actions infiltrate to show how these individuals deal with despair and with a hidden fear waiting to leave. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one-of-a-kind! Adapted from a play by Terry Johnson (who would also script the screenplay for the film), "Insignificance" is a strange, curious, seductive and absolutely curious fictional pop culture trick at the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspirational and cerebral experimental effort can be rooted in his stage origins because he feels theatrical and most of the action takes place in a hotel setting and a master suite. The look of cramp only improved New York's melancholy, smoky atmosphere with great effect. However, these limitations can not contain the fruitful and daring ideas that Roeg can randomly invoke visually and through meaningful material. The way he reflects on the characters (who are suggestively famous figures, without the need to name them), philosophical journeys and interpretations of his notions are stimulating in a spiritual sense, with memories accumulating in the present and visions showing their fears of accomplishments, depending on what you are seeing, is beautiful or haunted. There is a lot of food to think about and suggestions within the verbosely innovative (if sometimes clumsy) script, with the main focus on the present situation, but the flashbacks give us personal makeup (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) they are and how much of a burden can be there already requiring lives. Of course, the story may lead to nothing to the end, and may seem disjointed, but the dreamy vibration and clever arrangement let go of these folds and ensure that it never gets silly. Peter Hannan's sensually flowing photography and Stanley Myers' exuberant blues soundtrack fit perfectly with Roeg's stylized directing style. It does seem like it is working with something large and large scale, but otherwise it is not the case and a small little universe is created. The old costumes and the sites of the period are all quite adequate. What made the film for me had to be the impressive acting that boasted of the top four. The appealing appeal of Theresa Russell's sexy pin-up actress is a growing portrait that definitely kept the film together with a genuinely excellent and captivating performance of Michael Emil as the teacher. Tony Curtis plays wonderfully as the Witch-Hunter Senator and Gary Busey is appropriately good in the stoically rough style as the baseball player. Appearing in smaller but fun supporting roles is Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A piece of metaphysically memorable, innovative and tourist-inspired metaphysics linked by four different extremes. Some might find him pretentiously strange and very talkative, but this one involved me in his own unique world to worry too much about his shortcomings.
