It is not known whether Marilyn Monroe ever met and talked to Albert Einstein (and since the mysterious disappearance of his diary after his equally mysterious death, we may never know), but throughout his life the opportunity was there. <br /> Scripted by Terry Johnson of his own game, Nicholas Roeg's Insignificance imagines a meeting in a New York hotel room one night in 1953 between the two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and Senator Joseph McCarthy (Curtis) but only on one level. On another level, it elevates - or reduces - those 'personalities' (and what a bad phrase that is) to mere avatars (the characters are deliberately nameless), at the same time bigger and smaller in status. The title "Insignificance" is pertinent and deeply ironic; here, DiMaggio's assets were reduced to little more than a picture on a bubble gum card. Monroe is also reduced to its constituent parts of dress, hair, lipstick, maneuver and voice. Discovering his insecurities and reversing his roles, the film focuses on celebrity notions, exploding the cult of personality. <br /> <br /> To promote the theme, there will be another explosion at the climax of the film: Hiroshima in a hotel suite, in which "The Actress" is burned to ashes in seconds; a literal deconstruction of fame. Goodbye, Norma Jean. The story informs the script, which in turn shakes the story upside down. As Roeg reflected after seeing Johnson's play for the first time, "these characters were mythical, not invented by anyone, not by the public or the press, probably not even by the characters themselves." As interpreted by Theresa Russell, Marilyn (a real-life wardrobe intellectual), talks about Einstein ("The Professor", played by Emil) about the theory of relativity using balloons and a flashlight while making the teacher show off his legs. , in a conscious parody of his own role in The Seven-Year Itch, the film The Actress seems to be working on opening the film. <br /> <br /> History records that Monroe's then husband, the late baseball star DiMaggio (played by Busey as a tenderly psychotic simpleton), was displeased with his iconic scene of dressing in the movie, precipitating his disruption. At the right time, we discover the envious "Ballplayer" in a bar, lamenting the fact that if "I want to see your panties, I just walk around the corner like all the other guys." <br /> In contrast to The Professor, The Ballplayer believes that the universe is round - a dispute shared by Native Americans. But the Grand Chief (Sampson), who operates the elevator at the Roosevelt Hotel, was virtually deprived of his own culture: "I'm not Cherokee anymore - I watch TV." Meanwhile, "The Senator" is investigating the professor, who is about to make a pacifist speech at the UN, but the Senator suspects it is red. In fact, as he reports to Monroe, Einstein is ruined by guilt over Hiroshima and the future of white heat. However, in a seemingly godless universe, all these worries and aspirations become insignificant in the light of a higher (atomic) power. <br /> <br /> Roeg really is the perfect director to bring Johnson's play to the screen. Everywhere, tortured childhood flashbacks and pessimistic flash-forwards (ka-boom!) Draw unexpected connections between time, place, and circumstance with the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch employed to mark the passage of time - but perhaps also to suggest that all time is once; each moment coexisting. As evidenced by his catalog, it's a kind of stick-horse for an enchanted director with the notion of synchronicity - see Do not Look Now, in particular. Here, 1920 bleeds in 1945 and falls in the 1980s, when another "actor" assumed his role as president of the United States. <br /> <br /> If all this seems quite heavy (quantum physics is certainly involved), execution is anything but, due to Johnson's witty and zippy script, Roeg's playful direction, opening up an essentially staged setup - and the cast itself, which is in excellent shape. Tony Curtis especially leaves denture marks on the wood panels as the paranoid and impotent senator, who is seen trying out a congress with a Monroe impersonator (one true, as opposed to Russell's) before being disappointed by his diminishing member . <br /> <br /> Of course, Curtis co-starred with the real Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot, and whose embrace he described as "kissing Hitler." As Roeg commented, "everything seemed suddenly connected ... as the film began to take shape, even the actors themselves seemed part of this endless connection." Everything goes to the pot, to be boiled and served in new and fascinating ways.
