MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a fascinating 1945 B thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, arguably one of Hollywood's finest noir film directors. This 65-minute gothic quirk from Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long apprenticeship as a leader in a western-western series, horror comedies, horror melodramas (including Bela Lugosi's incredibly bizarre shock, THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and standard product B (SECRETS OF A CO-ED, PUMPS ABOUT BURMA, FALCON IN SÃO FRANCISCO, etc.) - all set the stage very well for what would come from the enormously talented and inventive Mr. Lewis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (as well as SO DARK THE NIGHT of the following year) introduced a director who had mastered rare and delicate art telling a dark and efficient tale quickly and efficiently on the most modest budgets. Later Lewis productions such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely on intelligent, agile camera work and discreet and effective lighting. And very modest features. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is probably due more to the tradition of British mysteries (set in studio-bound England) than to the attitudes and pitfalls of conventional cinema noir. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position at the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously, with a new identity - that of the old woman's daughter-in-law. She said she was the victim of a nervous breakdown as she struggles to understand the absolute and seemingly hopeless nature of her situation. But soon she begins to join the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark mystery that her "husband" (the ever threatening George Macready) probably murdered her real wife and she was led to participate in a harrowing and sinister scheme. Much of what distinguishes such a modest history are the indelible touches that Lewis brings to production, marking it as the first of his earnest efforts as a film director.
