I've always been a big fan of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a cinematic version of Roegs 'play, and although most of the film takes place in a hotel room, it still has some of Roegs' cinematic brilliance. A very original story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell) who after a hard night's work in a movie in 1954 goes to a hotel to visit a famous teacher (Michael Emil) and together in his hotel room chat. After a while she wants to go to bed with him, but when they start undressing, her husband is knocking on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and he wants to know what's going on. The three in the hotel room talk about what is happening and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a notorious senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to take away the teachers' papers if he does not testify at a hearing. Theresa Russell is excellent, and although she is not trying to represent Marilyn Monroe, she does a great job of venting the phobias and nuances for which Monroe is well-known. One thing the movie does is show it not just as a woman on the verge of a mental breakdown but also as a physical disaster. She talks about being unable to have children and at one point in the movie she suffers a miscarriage. You can make an excellent case that this is Russell's best performance and I probably would not say. The film does an interesting thing in showing many flashbacks as the characters keep talking about one thing and in flashback we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also gives a solid solid performance and reminds me of the strong personality he gives on the screen. Emil as the teacher is a character who has a lot more things on his mind than we originally thought. The last scene in this movie is a demonstration of its darker side! One of the highlights of the film for me is the little talk he has with the elevator man (Will Sampson from "Cuckoo's Nest") and they argue about what the Cherokee Indians think about all the time. But of course the famous scene in this film is where Russell demonstrates to Emil how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The teacher is delighted with your demonstration and so are we! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and do an admirable job when they are in collaboration and this is probably their best movie together. Good performances and a very interesting work of directing make of this a challenging and visually instigante film.
