Italy has produced many really great and original horror films in the 1960s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the movie. Filmed in beautiful black and white, and due to the use of director Antonio Margheriti's lighting; the film almost looks like it could be a German expressionist horror film. This, along with the horror-filled plot ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not hurt things - and the good news continues, since in this film she is able to flex her acting muscles more than in the films that made her famous. The plot is very conscious of the time in which this was released, and so incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can not spend an entire night in the last scary old castle. Everyone who spent the night there previously died ... and our hero is about to find the previous bets! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror movies do not tend to focus so much on each scene, and the result is that there is not much beauty in the genre. It's refreshing, so watch this movie. Many of the shots here are unbelievably beautiful - from the female side of the couple wearing only a transparent skirt, to my favorite - a shot of smoke crawling from under a door. This is my first film by Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing only this one; It is obvious that he was one of the top directors of Italy. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written by another of the great Italian names; The creator of Django, Sergio Corbucci. The plot may snake a bit too often, but there's always enough atmosphere at hand to make sure the film never gets boring - and the fact that it's always intriguing, even when the plot slows, guarantees the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the theme 'haunted house' is well made and original, and helps keep the story as mysterious as possible. Overall, fans of Italian and / or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem!
