I originally saw this movie as a kid at the old Rialto Theater as part of a Saturday afternoon matinee bill that also included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bava's "Nightmare Castle." I had nightmares about ghosts of blood lust for a week later! Although I did not know then, all three films would prove to be classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three movies scared me, it was Blood Castle that had the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first on the bill. I could not even see it from the beginning, since we were late for the movies and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. A lot to lose, since the edited print lasted only 79 minutes (the unpublished one performs 87 minutes). But despite this, the dark and scary atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, fog shrouded in cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), gothic set design, strong acting and suspense (especially in the last 20 minutes) startled the bejeepers and left an impression It took me years to finally get a copy of the movie for my collection. Since it was a Franco-Italian import, it was not a movie that appeared at the last show in Winnipeg. I could not remember the title (remember I could not see the beginning of the movie and I was scared), and to make matters worse, the movie had been released under a dozen different movie titles (Danze Macabre). , The Coffin of Terror, Castle of Terror, Long Night of Terror, etc ...) and the US / UK work title "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other "b" horror and suspense films , making it illusory. But thanks to the internet and perseverance, I finally found it! What a treat to finally watch the movie in its entirety after so many years! It may not have had the absolute emotional impact it caused when I was a boy, but like haunted home movies, it behaves well and compares favorably to similar iconic films of the period, such as "The Haunted", "The Innocents." "starring Barbara Steele, the screaming queen of 60, and features a well-written screenplay by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, in a bet, spends the night in a haunted house and unsuspectingly becomes part of an annual ghostly story.The hypnotic Steele is well-defined as phantasmagoric love interest - as Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia . Many of the tricks that Margheriti employs to create the sinister atmosphere of the movie (cobwebs, creaking doors, haze, etc.) are bound to look cliché to a modern audience, but they work much more effectively in black and white than they could ever have in modern color.Instead of using body counts and special effects, the film creates old-fashioned scares, relying on a good story, elegant direction, good screenplay ios, interesting camera work and strong performances. Margheriti does a wonderful job of taking these elements and building the suspense of the film while the horrifying paranormal secret of the house gradually reveals itself to the unconscious writer. <br /> <br /> The movie is not flawless. The rhythm creeps at the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes I originally missed). This is probably made worse by Synapse's effort to restore the original size of the film. While fans probably appreciate the chance to see the restored film - in terms of the introduction - it may have been more of a hindrance than an aid. English-speaking voice actors are merely passable and, in the restored scenes, the language changes from English to French (with English subtitles) which certainly annoys some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films deserves recognition for the quality of the print. Clearly some effort was put into its restoration and deservedly. <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed the film and I recommend it to the aficionados of the Italian gothic films of the 60s, or anyone who has a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
