If you're a goth horror fan, then you're absolutely guaranteed to love this wonderful 60's movie "Castle of Blood." We're really talking about creepy goring doors, mysterious portraits that seem to be moving, candles spontaneously dying, though there is no wind and smoke coming from under heavy wooden chamber doors. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this masterpiece of gothic film production is one of the best there is. just a little league underneath landmarks like "Black Sunday," "The Three Faces of Fear," and "Curse of the Woman Who Cries." The prominent duo directors Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannery Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (one that is genuinely nightmare) ultra-sinister scenarios and filming scenes, stylish black-and-white photographs, chilling music and a brilliant gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, star of the previously mentioned "Black Sunday" and the number one Italian goth-muse, shines again as a spiritually tormented character and is literally surrounded by excellent co-players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives a fairly credential representation of the author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another rich visitor to a rural tavern challenging a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid bet. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? would survive to spend a night at the infamous Blackwood Castle, he receives the astounding $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, the ordeal is far more dangerous than it sounds, even to someone like Alan Foster, who is a firm non-believer in ghosts and vampires. The night starts out great for him, as he even meets the beautiful woman of his dreams, but gradually he discovers that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of the previously dead visitors are trapped for eternity. I do not know about you, but this is seriously one of my favorite premises of horror movies of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti clearly was also proud of this film, because he himself reformulated it a few years later as "Web of the Spider." This film had a handful of trumps, such as the cast of none other than Klaus Kinski as Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is far superior. "Castle of Blood" literally overflows with the atmosphere and maintains a completely unsettling environment throughout. This is actually one of the rare movies that can make hair on your arms and nape grow scared if you watch it in the right circumstances. Watch late at night, preferably alone and in a candlelit room, and you'll get an idea about the true definition of horror.
