Danza Macabra, also known as Antonio Margheriti. "Castle Of Blood" in 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly astonishing work of Italian Gothic horror, and after Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" (aka "Black Sunday" 1960) and "Pit And The Pendulum" by Roger Corman's 1961 (starring the great Vincent Price), another must-see that won the wonderful Barbara Steele she more than deserved fame as the most important female icon Horror in the history of cinema. But it's not just the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele, one of my favorite actresses of all time, the screenplay for "Danza Macabra" was co-written by none other than the cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed such ingenious Western space landmarks as " Django "(1966) and" The Great Silence "(1968). Italy's number 2 in the field (shortly after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all-time masters of the Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly another film works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly scary but beautiful atmosphere as is the case with this scary masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous macabre brilliant story writer, Edgar Allen Poe, in a somber tavern in London, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman that he can not spend a night in his haunted castle on the night of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the mysterious castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After some time, however, he finds a charming resident of the castle, the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events so far, however, were only omens of the terrors that the castle has, however ... <br /> <br /> The mysterious castle alone would be enough to create a gloomy climate, the excellent black and white A cinematography and an excellent soundtrack of Riz Ortolani create an incredibly frightening atmosphere that is too strange. The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to unite rapturous beauty with the stranger, as Steele does, and no actress will ever do it. In addition to Steele, the cast of the film contains another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and she also performs well. The performance of George Rivière as Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is excellent in many departments: Barbara Steele offers one of her best performances, cinematography and locations are wonderfully aswell as comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly sinister ... The film is simply a perfect whole of atmosphere, Gothic beauty and the art of terror. In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest Gothic horror films ever made, and should not be missed by anyone interested in the genre! 10/10
