Today's actresses gain weight, paint their hair, dress like sluts and lose their glamor for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and Constance Bennett make-up in movies, Davis was willing to devastate himself to create a character both on the outside and inside. <br /> <br /> The determination is amply demonstrated here in her film, "Of Human Bondage," in which she stars with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a low, manipulative, greedy and greedy life for Howard's masochistic, bumbling, Philip. He meets her for the first time when she's a waitress, and she lets him take her to dinner and go to the theater while she has fun with an older, rich man (Alan Hale Sr.). In fact, Mildred is repelled by the foot of Philip's club. For his part, Philip seems to appreciate the abuse of his open flirtation and his coolness toward him. He allows Mildred to bleed financially among the boyfriends who abandon her when they get tired of her while he expels two truly adorable women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he gets the sense of kicking her out, Mildred destroys his apartment and steals it, forcing him to drop out of medical school and lose his quarters. <br /> <br /> "Human Bondage" seems quite affected today in parts. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful and attractive actor, his acting style is from a more formal old school, and as a result, he tends to date anything. He shines in material like his role next to Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest", which require his kind of technique. His dated performance is all the more obvious here because Davis was forging new avenues with a brave and nervous performance that would really make his name. If she sometimes seems exaggerated, she came from the stage and the subtleties of acting in the movies would come later for her. Contrast this performance with the moderation, warmth and delicacy of her Henriette in "All This, and Heaven Too" or the pathos she brought to "Dark Victory". She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really allows himself to look like a sacred hell; The deterioration of Mildred is absolutely pathetic, as Philip seems to gain strength as his spirit fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent movie to see the flourishing of one of the biggest stars in the cinema.
