The story is a little complicated, with the sudden twists and turns of the main character, but the interpretations of Philippe Carey's Leslie Howard and Bette Davis, the naive obsessive lover and Mildred Rogers, the object unworthy of their affections, elevate this film considerably above the melodrama pattern. Sensitive and cultured daughter, who for most of the film is in slavery, first her passion, and then her grief for Mildred is no different from a character Howard would play a few years later - Ashley Wilkes, the gentleman from the south was also refined and decent to reach the age of Reconstruction. Philip, in fact, seems resigned to disappointment even before Mildred enters the scene - he does not even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher says he will never be a painter. It is perhaps this passivity, those lowered expectations that make you put up with the selfish cockney waitress for as long as he does. <br /> <br /> Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today's "Of Human Bondage" is thought primarily as a photo of Bette Davis, perhaps because of the well-known story of how she had to fight Jack Warner to get the role of Mildred, and perhaps also because the film's audience tends to prefer characters with their kind of impetuous energy. Mildred may have a hoarse voice, but she also has the ethereal beauty of an angel of stained glass, which makes it a bit understandable why Philip would get carried away for the same time as him. Although the man who eats Mildred sometimes seems one-dimensional, she occasionally evokes the sympathy of the viewer when, when she becomes ill and belatedly, she realizes that Philip is the only decent man who has ever cared for her. One might also think that she is accustomed to something when she accuses Philip of despising her for not being "well" enough. (The scene in which Philip and Norah discard romance magazines as garbage for maids seems to confirm this.) Most of the supporting characters are also effective, particularly Norah, the sensible novelist who loves Philip, but knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally, who has Mildred's beauty and the decency of Norah, and emerges as the deserved woman with whom Philip is rewarded in the end. The only character I found empty was the eccentric aristocratic father of Sally, who looks like a stock character from an earlier era. <br /> <br /> A classic that deserves a reputation.
