This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel put Bette Davis on the map as a movie actress. She could have won an Oscar for her performance, but the films were made on loan, so her studio did not pressure her. Her acting does not quite fit today's standards. As the heartless waitress who pushes Philip, a sensitive medical student, around and nearly ruins his life, Davis is very strident, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who used to get good performances from his actresses, may have been impressed by it. Davis is assistive, of course, but so raucous and predatory that he seems unhuman. I imagine Millie's character quieter, less feminine than Davis, perhaps with a touch of brat. Davis is such a strong and immediate presence that there is no air of mystery to her, which makes Philip's appeal to her appear more openly masochistic than she should. <br /> <br /> Like Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. His pale and slightly wilted appearance is perfect for this bankrupt aesthetic. He also does not impose a personal interpretation of, say, how Dirk Bogarde might have done, which gives his work a rare clarity. He seems to be completely in control here, as he should be, interpreting a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions that he can not manage or even fully satisfy, for the object of his affections moves him in ways he can not understand. Howard was a good actor, often cast in standard romantic parts that forced him back to the charm, which he does not use here. <br /> <br /> It's been so long since I've read the book that I do not feel comfortable commenting on the film's allegiance to it. I think it captures the spirit of the story well and that, in Howard, is a perfect Philip Carey. The underlying sexual currents are silenced, and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistic that, in the absence of strong sexual sensations, it makes one wonder about the character's sanity, certainly not Mr. Maugham's intention. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly in focus, as can be seen in his various responses and yearnings to Millie, the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will understand the irrational, in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good movie, somewhat affected at times, due to its age, evokes London well, and is well represented for the most part.
