Reading sites at Bette Davis you can find cases where the authors claim there is nothing special about their acting. I even found a website that claimed that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her luck. But Davis' 1934 films say exactly the opposite. The most obvious example are two films she made with a few weeks apart: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters she portrayed in these films, although both are negative, are quite different. Arlene, at first, is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heiress and much more sympathetic than Mildred at last, who is a cockney pale, uneducated and cheeky waitress. Needless to say, Davis interpreted the two characters very authentically and with the same enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The point is that the previous role, which would be desired by most actresses of the day, was what she was forced to play. The last role, which looked like most undesirable actresses as a career-destroying role, was what she fought fiercely for months. And it was the last role that launched it among the biggest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The film tells about a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who falls in love with Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers. (Bette Davis), has a few weekends, but many stronger ones. The story is simply too big to be counted in a mere 83 minutes. For example, it is not clear why a refined student found any interest in a brazen waitress in the first place. Well, there is a scene in which we are exposed to the captivating eyes of Mrs. Davis, but that is where her emotions are already fully evolved. However, the integrity of the story is preserved by the superior acting of Howard and Davis, as well as the fantastic music of Steiner, which tells tons of emotions, even when we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is amalgamated by Phillip's sequences, showing it in the back, complemented by a twisting two-tone repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is consistently used throughout the film. And a beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen exactly due to the breathtaking beauty of Francis Dee (Ms Dee was considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with wind), as well as the captivating music of Steiner. The camera moves between some scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that the events are also presented two-dimensionally, which induces the viewer to know that Mildred is a final whore. The most disgusting characters must be men who draw her into the relationship, even though they know they will abandon her after using her, but, interestingly enough, they are portrayed as sympathetic characters. After all, Mildred always-in her specific but still honest form-letting Phillip know she despised him and had no interest in him. That he just refuses to listen. It is the masochistic nature of Phillips attached to the foot of the club and to the infantile experiences that is the main reason of its problem of love. He is enslaved to his club footing as much as Mildred and may have to be free of both to start a normal life. Of course, the selfish and insolent Mildred, after discovering Phillip's voluntary bondage, did her part to make her life a living hell. Even though she exploded after realizing that slavery had broken loose, it was less than clear why she would burn Phillip's money (Maugham intended differently in her novel). After all, she could also steal him and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> By modern standards, the film is a bit out of date, but every time you watch, you can reveal interesting new details by acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible brand.
