The electrifying performance of Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to remember the other players. They were as perfect in their parts as Davis was in hers - they just did not have much to do. Some of the reviewers thought the book was so much better - it was just to give the film, to condense a book of 600 pages to 83 minutes is not an easy task. The first part of the book did not even come to the screen - he told of Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip had gone to try to do well as an artist. He also recounts his first novel - with Fanny Price, who kills himself when he realizes that Phillip can not return his feelings of love. It's a wonderful book but rambling and I think anyone who does not think very well in the movie should read the book and realize how good the movie is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he will always be a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England hoping to take medicine. When he was in a tea room, he met a grumpy waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Even if she has no interest in him and basically treats him like garbage, Phillip is obsessed. It's so hard to see your efforts in trying to find any civility in this vicious shit. In one scene, she promises to meet him in a second-class train waiting room, when they almost miss each other, she berates him with "why would I wait in a second-class waiting room when there is a first class available". You just want to shake it. The only time she is nice to him is when she tells him that she is going to marry another man, a rude salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred out of the picture, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson), a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity that books enjoy among servants (in the novel he saw Mildred reading them). Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is unable to return his love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not marry her and she is having a baby), of course he takes care of her and helps her with the baby (in the movie he is treated as an object - always called a "baby", never given a name or gender) - she pays back with her best friend. <br /> <br /> In the hospital he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who is visiting her sick father. He begins to visit her at home and, for the first time in her life, has a sense of family. So surprise! surprise! Mildred returns as a bad penny and surprise! Philip takes her inside. But he has changed and feels just disgusted when she tries to show gratitude in the only way she knows. Then follows one of the most vicious verbal fights in the movie with phrases like "you cad, you dirty pig", "I just kissed you because you begged me" and "when you went I wiped my mouth, I wiped my mouth!" !! In the book, many of Mildred's standard phrases like "you're a gentleman in every sense of the word," "I do not care," and "Mr. High and Mighty" were associated with prostitutes and when Phillip knew her. for the first time he is impressed by it. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie shows Phillip (being truly free of Mildred's only possible way) now free to love Sally. Again in the book, Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she's having a baby, but that just makes him more sure of her love. That ending, like Mildred's "illness," could not be in the movie - not even a pre-code. Kay Johnson has always been called upon to play sensible and credible women - which she performed perfectly while she was obviously sensible herself. His daughter-in-law was the woman Philip should have stayed with. Frances Dee was one of the prettiest of fabric ingenues. She was obviously being prepared for stardom with some papers proving she was not just a pretty face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began to run out. Your Sally did not take your talent to the limits. Apparently, Leslie Howard did not help much Bette Davis on the set - he was annoyed because an English actress did not get the part. He used to toss her lines "while reading a book off camera." He started to get interested when a newspaper reported that "the boy was running away with the photo" !!! <br /> <br /> Highly, highly recommended.
