Every movie that Bette Davis plays is worth a try. Before Davis co-starred with Leslie Howard in "Of Human Bondage," she has been in more than a series of films. Legend has it that Davis was "stolen" from a 1935 Oscar for her acting as a cockney-talking waitress, single mother and boyfriend manipulator, Mildred Rogers. The story goes that AFI comforted Davis by awarding his first Oscar for playing Joyce Heath in "Dangerous." I imagine that Davis fans of "Of Human Bondage," who agree with the Oscar-winning storyline, are going to take the contrast from my critique of the 1934 film for which AFI did not award its performance and the film "Dangerous" 1936. for which she received her first Oscar in 1937. <br /> <br /> I tried to see all of Bette Davis's films, TV interviews, videos, WWII performance ads and TV in popular series. In retrospect, it's easy to recognize why this film, "Of Human Bondage," gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for his performance. She was only 25 when the movie was completed and about to hit the Hollywood red carpet. The audience began to notice Bette Davis as a star because of her performance in "Of Human Bondage". That's what makes it her legendary performance. But, RKO saw his greatness in "The Man Who Played God", and lent it to Warners to play Rogers. <br /> <br /> I'm going to go with AFI in retrospect about 41 years after their astute decision to give Davis his first Oscar for Best Actress for "Dangerous" 2 years later. In doing so, AFI may have been instrumental in bringing the best of Hollywood's most talented actors to the 20th century. Because, from "Of Human Bondage" onwards, Davis knew for sure that she had to go deep inside herself to find the performances that earned her the golden statue. No doubt she deserved more than two Oscars; perhaps up to 6. "Dangerous" provides an exemplary contrast in the characterization of Davis's depth of actuation. For it is in "Dangerous" (1936) that she becomes the greatest actor of the twentieth century. Davis is as good as Joyce Heath, she's the dead center on the red carpet. While in "Of Human Bondage," Davis is on the edge, still on the sidewalk and ready for the rest of his 60-year career. Perhaps for not granting her that legendary Oscar in 1935, instead of a star being born, an actor was encouraged to reach beyond the stardom in his soul the greatest work of the talented actor. <br /> <br /> It is well known that his contemporary opponent was Joan Crawford; a star whose performances are still not up to Davis. Even Anna Nicole Smith was a 'star'. Howard Stern is also a radio presenter. Many people on stage and the silver screen are stars. Few have become great actors. The main difference between them is something that Bette Davis could feel: the difference between the desire to do a great performance or to be impressed. <br /> <br /> Try to compare these two films like me, seeing one soon after. the other. Maybe you recognize what AFI and I did. Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century in 25yo and achieved his goal at age 27. She spent her next 50 years setting the bar so high it was not reached. . . Still, if AFI sent him the message that he had arrived in "Of Human Bondage," Davis's life story as a great actor may have been brought to a state of shock.
