This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman whom men are attracted to. Not because she's a pretty good girl, but because she's a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come out and says that, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie where all the men are looking at it. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she does not know how to read and is nobody to look at, but she is a flirt. It is obvious that the male customers of that cafeteria are there because of her. One day, Phillip, a failed medical student, came into the store to say a good word to his friend, but he becomes obsessed the moment he sees her. He starts buying her things and even pays for her apartment. Meanwhile, she is seeing other people and makes no secret of it. He dreams of her as if she were an angel, but she is not an angel. He is constantly thinking of her. His grades in medical school are even failing. So what the nookie is too good. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she is marrying another guy. She always lets Phil know that she does not really have feelings of love for him all the time. He has a broken heart, but he knows another woman. They look good, but it's obvious he's still dreaming about Bimbo. Mildred comes back with a baby and single. Phillip takes her back, but she starts hanging out with a friend of his, the light goes on a little and he expels her. She does what she knows works, so she tries to seduce him, well, it does not work and she starts to burn money from her tip. Oh, we have a foot in the club that he has problems, even if a street kid who has the same problem tells him to cheer up. He meets another girl named Sally who has a March time montage that shows her aging as he presses her still waiting for Mildred. Well, he has no school class, can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father accept him. Not before another set of March of Time showing him going down hill. Soon your uncle who raised you dies and he earns money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he discovers that Mildred needs him again. She has tuberculosis. Meanwhile, he is still guiding Sally down the Primrose path on marriage and he accepts a job on a steamship. Finally, the asshole dies and Phillip declares that he is free now and will marry Sally. I wanted her to tell him to fill it up. Now I know that my opinion of the characters is not going to give me any point. But I feel Phillip was the bad guy. Yes Mildred is a whore, BUT he knows it and keeps coming back. I mean, while he has two other girlfriends who love him, but he treats them as appetizers. I think the sex was not so good. But in any case, he pursues those women waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who impregnates Mildred is already married and when Philip asks him what he intends to do about Baby (apparently the baby's name) he laughs, he has no intention of supporting her and Baby and he is rich. Sally's father, who has nine children, says some pretty nasty things about women, but is said to be an old-fashioned traditionalist. Philip does not seem to disprove his feelings either. The men are using Mildred as a Toy Boy, but the men in this movie leave unharmed. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from being a villain. For me, it was Philip who had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
