Bette Davis's cockney accent in this movie is absolutely terrifying. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not realize this and that's fine; believe me, it's almost as good as Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent on Mary Poppins, and that was a sure load of old ponies (he slipped into the London vernacular there - many excuses). <br /> <br /> The remarkable thing for me is that strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not diminish the power of the movies. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema, despite its superficial faults. It also has to be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of cinematographic production at the time have to be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does a great job of directing the camera and allowing the narrative to unfold cinematographically, not just through steep and blistering dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station. It is beautifully designed, filmed and edited. Note also the photos of Mildred at the end of the film; they owe more to the beginnings of artistic cinema than the sanitized and stereotyped world of the studio they were about to master. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are universally familiar and appealing: sexual obsession, unrequited love, despised passion, self-loathing, manipulative relationships, social divisions, and youthful madness. Although the dialogue is often banal, the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner life of the characters is approached in a discreet manner. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch, but the story does not fall into the cliché; we are aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by the misunderstanding of one's feelings as well as selfish selfishness. Although naïve in style, history reaches the complex heart of the human condition and the delicate nature of acting and occasionally gradual exchanges do not diminish the veracity of work. Of Human Bondage was one of the films that Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and while watching you are aware of being witness at the birth of a celebrated career. His unconventional beauty and charisma (no one amused or disdained like Davis) catch the eye of his first appearance. While hers is definitely the memorable performance in the movie, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good combination, why, oh, why did not he help her with that terrible and terrible accent?
