I like Leslie Howard in his best films. However, for some reason, his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE never moved me tremendously. I first saw the film on the college campus in 1972 and the college newspaper critic commented that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard played the roles supposedly later captured by Dirk Bogard as the man who was born to be betrayed. Normally not the case (in my opinion, Ashley Wilkes is a man who could be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were made by Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any kind, and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not someone who is betrayed. <br /> <br /> (It may be argued that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two strangers that he shows hospitality at 49th PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, Western, Canadian game - just to cross in wartime.It's not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not wither as a result, but faces the Nazis and catches one after beating him. <br /> <br /> I think what the reviewer meant was but this character was not betrayed, except for the story, perhaps (as he thinks his type is as outdated as the mobster played by Humphrey Bogart) Philip Carey's character in Somerset Maugham's OF HUMAN BONDAGE is also touching.He is sensitive for many reasons.He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SIXPENC And, he has no real talent. So he decides to focus on medical studies, accentuated by a club standing condition he has. Here he is a man with low self-esteem who is prepared to be betrayed. <br /> Philip finds this betrayal in the form of Mildred, a cockney waitress (Bette Davis) who is mercenary and as selfish as he comes. Why Philip falls for her is not really addressed in the film, but he finds the woman fascinating. And she finds him an easy meal ticket. Ironically, being so captivated by this whore, Philip does not notice two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and are better suited to be his mate. He also continues to find himself forgiving Davis when she has affairs with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - this latter friend of Howard). While Howard's performance captures the trend of Philip's doormat toward Mildred, he does not really show enough passion (until the end of the movie when he turns to her). That's why I do not think I've ever cared about his performance here - it has no reality. Later, he tortured the insistence on GONE WITH THE WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man in love. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes the film important. She had a wide variety of parts until 1934, such as the deaf pianist's girlfriend in THE MAN WHO JOELED GOD or the spoiled heir who is murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse-like secretary in THREE ON A MATCH. Like Mildred, she finally showed that she could be a great actress by playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Curiously, his performance was not one note. While she uses and abuses Howard for two-thirds of the film, culminating in that famous scene where she shows how her kiss left her disgusted, her latest scenes show that she too could collapse due to her deteriorating health, and her inability to maintain any honest work. When Howard rejects her, viewers fail to notice how cruel he becomes (he asks what happened to his baby - she tells him that the baby has died and Howard says bluntly that she is happy, which is hardly the answer she wait). In the end, Howard finally puts his life in order, but Mildred ends up with a low (ironically, her death is discovered by her former boyfriend, Denny, in a medical call). The Cinematographic Academy of Arts and Sciences failed to name Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest writing campaign in its history, and a permanent change in its rules), but Davis was established as a star. In one year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years she co-starred with Howard again (like stars) in FORREST.
