Shortly before the imposition of a moral code obscured the spirits of writers, directors and actors, W. Somerset Maugham's first film adaptation of "Of Human Bondage" stimulated countless moviegoers. It has no shock value today, just a good performance. Although the cast is excellent, this is the first major role of Bette Davis and one of the best performances of Leslie Howard. Howard is an aspiring Englishman, the Parisian artist Philip Carey, who is kindly and firmly informed that he has no talent and that his dedication does not replace the true genius. Taking the lesson to heart, he returns to London and enrolls in a medical school (one by the way, which seems to have no female students - at that time there would have been at least a few. medical doctors) Having a day of tea, Carey is delighted with a waitress, Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis in a role as a morally loose and basically perverse binge. Her cockney accent is as sharp as Eliza Doolittle's. His repeated attempts to date her are greeted with an unenthusiastic response: "I do not care," a sure sign to any man with his head curled up in his head that is plumbing the depths. Maugham's mother, Mildred, supplemented the waitress's tips with a bit of walking fashion, something that was not clearly brought here. Carey's prostration, worried, demands Rogers' avaricious need for financial support. He is desperately in love with her - she interprets him as a Sunday church organist who easily uses her instrument. No sex here. Recognizing that he is getting nowhere, he begins a chaste relationship with Norah, a woman who adores him. Re-enter Mildred, filled with a baby, and in his usual need to be taken care of. Get out Norah heartbroken. <br /> <br /> Another breakup of Mildred and Carey begins a long-term friendship with Sally, enthusiastically encouraged by her father who seems to see marriage as a good thing for both young men and a chance to be relieved. of one of his nine descendants. <br /> <br /> The film, fairly, but not entirely, follows Maugham's excellent novel. Howard's Carey is naive and vulnerable, and for much of the film, his sad eyes resemble a doe facing a double-barreled shotgun. Mildred is irrationally perverse, a wearer of the worst kind, her only concern with her own needs barely disguised as she tries to persuade Carey with a thin patina of affectionate words (and offers - at one point she promises to do "anything [he wants" , a bold statement for the times and one that I'm sure the public has completely understood. The pre-code may be, but the dissolution of Mildred's rapid march would have satisfied the League of Catholic Decency. The end is conventional-sin loses, principled behavior triumphs. Director John Cromwell made excellent performances of his two main stars, one well established, the other established largely because of this film. atmosphere is 1930's London and the trip back in time is worth it. <br /> <br /> Available on DVD. <br /> <br /> 9/10 (for Davis and Howard presentations)
