After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role she claimed as his and that put her as a force to be considered. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis burst into a completely unfriendly role from a naughty waitress who became a target for Leslie Howard's affection, and already eager to sink her teeth into a role like that, she had no scruples about the horrible things her character wanted tell. do throughout the course of the film and the terrible transformation it would suffer. It has also been widely noticed that her performance here, one of the few things that makes this slightly uneven film watchable, has been the one to remember even after two remakes and the scenes in which she rips Howard have made movie history. In about 85 minutes, the story moves at a nice pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), while his life crosses that of the destructive Mildred Rogers over and over again. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis's chemistry is practically nonexistent, Davis argued in an interview much later that she personally did not care much about Howard's coldness toward her and it helped her act even worse (in character) with him as Mildred. Even so, the two seem clumsy with each other; their scenes together remain harsh, only recovered by the ferocious acidity that Davis brings to their lines and their own nervous presence. Then again, Cromwell's direction has a certain excitement about itself that fails to arrive at times - it tries to fill some space (whenever Davis is not there) with dissolutions and mounts indicating the passage of time (a calendar superimposed on a change). Frances Dee). All very much in style back then. This was before the emergence of technicalities and complicated camera angles, and in essence, visual story is a simplified and basic translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which is saying a lot, since in 600 pages, "Of Human Bondage" Na Indeed, it seems that Philip Carey may be a sort of glutton for punishment, since there is no noticeable sexual attraction between him and Mildred and Mildred never hides his discontent from the beginning. Howard's performance never seems to go through much outside emotion - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never distances much from the lost (he could be almost a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - slaughtered, wounded, and absolutely passive) but this is possibly a part of his character and the reason he fails to see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) are becoming vulnerable to unrequited affects. Curiously, Johnson's Norah, once realizes that Carey will never fall in love with her, is the one who sums up the story with her observation that people are attached to other people - she is obliged to Carey because Carey is forced to Mildred and Mildred herself. is bound to Miller (or men who fit into the role of provider). In her short but memorable scene, she maintains the essence of the moral of the story.
