** SPOILER ALERT ** W. Somerset Maugham classic film about a young man obsessed with love who abused hurt and humiliation by the object of his obsession to the point of losing everything he had to find true love in the end, under the most unusual circumstances. <br /> <br /> Leslie Howard plays the role of Philip Carey, a more sensitive young man in Paris, trying to make a living by selling his paintings. Told by a local art expert that his work is not at all good enough to be sold for the art of going public Philip decides to go back to his native England, study medicine and become a doctor to help others. <br /> <br /> Philip was born with one foot in the club and is very hypersensitive to his embarrassing condition and makes up for it by being a very nice and friendly person. One afternoon, Philip is at a local cafe with a medical colleague and sees the beautiful waitress Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis, and immediately falls in love with her. Mildred refuses, at first, the sick philosopher, but then realizes that he withdraws from his feelings for her. Mildred gets him into poverty by buying his gifts and taking her to the theater every time he leaves work. Phlip also lags behind in his studies, paying so much attention to Mildred, in medical school, and fails his final exams. Going in search of an engagement ring for Mildred in an attempt to ask for her hand in marriage, Mildred tells frightened Philip that she is already engaged to Emil Miller, Alan Hale. Turns out he's one of the customers at the cafe she's always flirting with. <br /> <br /> Philip broke and heart-sick slowly regains his life and then resumes his medical examination and passes it and at the same time finds a new love in Nora, Fay Johnson, writer of a love local magazine. Later, to shock and surprise Philip, Mildred returns to his life. Mildred telling Philip that her husband Emil, who is the son she is carrying, has kicked her out of the house and has the kind and understanding of Philip to take her back at the expense of Nora, who I was very much in love with him. Later, it was discovered that Mildred was not married to Emil, but had a child out of wedlock for having an illicit affair with him! Emil happens that he was already married. <br /> <br /> As before, Mildred takes advantage of Philip's kind heart for her and her little daughter, where he helps them with medical care and shelter, to the point where he again goes bankrupt and can not continue his studies. ending with her leaving Philip; after having a very warm and emotional encounter with him. In the streets with nowhere to go Philip is welcomed by Mr. Athanly, Reginald Owens, whom he once treated at the hospital and falls in love with his daughter Sally, Frances Dee. <br /> <br /> Later, Philip has his corrected cue from the medical center and, with the help of Mr. Athenly, he becomes a doctor again. That's when he meets Mildred again who's really at the end of his rope. Dying of tuberculosis and having lost his daughter, she is alone, with no one to care for her. Philip now well do and respected in medical circles does everything he can to help the sick and poor Mildred, but in the end she succumbed to his illness and dies. Mildred had the love and devotion in Philip all those years he was in love with her but chose to abuse him and have affairs with the man who were like her, cold insensitive and selfish. In the end Mildred returned only what she gave to the sensitive and kind Philip: She became both loved and alone. Philip found in sweet and affectionate Sally all that Mildred was not and in the end also found the true love that he was looking for all his life.
