Returning to the 36th House is one of those classic Kung-Fu movies Shaw produces in the 1970s and '80s, whose genre equates to the spaghetti western of Hollywood, and the protagonist Gordon Liu, the equivalent of western Clint Eastwood. Digitally remastered and a new print made for the Fantastic Film Fest, this is "Presented in Shaw Scope" as well as the good old days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple story of good against evil, told in 3 acts, which more or less summarize the narrative of martial arts films at that time. <br /> <br /> The first act establishes the premise. Workers in a small village tincture mill are unhappy with their luck, having their wages reduced by 20 percent by the incoming Manchus ganglia. They can not do much about their exploration because none of them specializes in martial arts to confront the gangsters and their boss. At first, they had little success in getting Liu to impersonate a highly-qualified Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but his wife exposed herself when she increased the credibility threshold by impersonating herself many times. <br /> <The second act shows the protagonist wanting to return to the mafia. However, without actual martial arts, he embarks on a journey to the Shaolin Temple, to attempt to infiltrate and learn martial arts on the sly. After a few moments of slapstick, he is finally accepted by the abbot (which he represented!), But is disappointed with the teaching methods - like Mr. Miyagi's style in the Karate Kid, but instead of painting fences, he manages to erect scaffolding around the temple. Nothing can keep a good man down, and he unwittingly builds strength, perseverance and learns kung-fu in the unorthodox way. <br /> <br /> The third act is where the fight festival begins. With cheesy sound effects, every obvious non-contact in the film is given the maximum impact treatment. But it's refreshing to watch the fighting scenes here with their wide angled sockets to highlight the clarity and detail between sparring partners, and the use of slow motion only to show acrobatics from different angles. You may find the speed of the fights a little too slow, with some pause between the plays, but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style being used ad-nausem in Hollywood movies, they certainly do not do fight scenes like they used to! The return to the 36th camera gets a repeat of Monday, so if you go for a nostalgic trip down memory lane, what are you waiting for?
