I thought this would be a continuation of the original "36th Shaolin Chamber", but in fact it's more of a merry "sister" than the original. Gordon Liu is still a hero in pursuit of Kung Fu to defeat the damn Manchus ... but this time it is lighter and more comical. The film revolves around the local tin mill where wages are cut due to the hiring of 10 new Manchus bosses. Liu plays "Chao," who is able to fool the mill bosses into thinking he is a Shaolin monk who possesses an almost magical kung fu ability. But his luck is over, he is exposed as a fraud, and he promises the mill workers that he will go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu and come back to protect them. <br /> <br /> The comedy really begins. in the monastery where Chao makes several unsuccessful attempts to be accepted. This creates many really funny moments and lots of fight choreography. Continuing in the tradition of the 36th Chamber, we see all sorts of training methods in the monastery, as well as the creative uses of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and noteworthy. is the mixture of kung fu and the craft of building bamboo scaffolding. Chao is not accepted as a student in Shaolin, but is made to build bamboo scaffolding for the monastery's "10-year restoration". On the DVD I bought, there is a special bamboo scaffolding building and the inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung took from it. It is a boat with many hundreds (maybe thousands) of years and in Hong Kong, scaffolding is still built of bamboo, even in large skyscrapers, although the West only uses steel tubes and clamps. As a result of his scaffolding work, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind it is, he hiliosily responds "scaffold kung fu !!" which he tests for the first time during a quarrel with the abbot of the monastery. In the final showdown with the Manchus, there is a dizzying range of creative uses for the poles and bamboo ties. <br /> <br /> From a comedy perspective, I think it's one of the best in the kung fu genre. As a kung fu movie in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to anyone!
