Well, here's another great example of making weird '70s movies! The rudimentary premise of "What's the matter with Helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in such an elegant and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other film crew, this would surely become a nasty story, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte"). In command, it has become a beautiful and almost charming mix of themes and genres. The basic plot of the movie is definitely awful, but there is so much more to experience, such as love stories, a hectic 1930s atmosphere and a lot of nooks and crannies! The setting is undoubtedly what makes this movie so unique. We are literally catapulted back to the thirties with a sublime representation of music, religion, theatrical business, and wardrobes of that era. After the long and exhausting trial that sentenced her children to life imprisonment for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California and try to start a new life by running a dance school for young, talented girls. Particularly, Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment while falling in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink into a downward spiral of insanity and paranoia. She only hears the ramblings of a radio evangelist, fears that she will be punished for the crimes committed by her son and slowly develop violent tendencies. The script, though not entirely flawless, is well written and the film is appropriately paced. There is never a dull moment in "What's wrong with Helen," though the singing, tap dancing, and tango sequences are fairly extended and unrelated to the actual plot. But the atmosphere is continually threatening and the film definitely benefits from Shelley Winters' outstanding acting performance. She is absolutely frightening as the unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to break at any moment and especially for the last ten minutes or so, she seems more petrifying than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers' combined! There are several supporting characters who are, unfortunately, a bit underdeveloped and stolen from their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as the arrogant elocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as the scary priestess and Timothy Carey as the intruding visitor to the women's house. There are a couple of surprisingly awful scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy Grand Guignol fans among us, but particularly the stage pieces and costumes (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are breathtaking.
