I had seen (and recorded) it a few years ago on local TV and, having been disappointed by it, I subsequently deleted the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a DVD of movie films from Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters films for a very affordable price, I could not resist taking a second look (this has already been revealed). Printing). In fact, I received the DVD a few months ago, but only now, with Harrington's death, did I get to it; fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film and, in fact, I now consider one of the most satisfactory WHAT HAPPENED TO BABY JANE? (1962) imitations (with whom, incidentally, shared the screenwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The film offers a splendid reminder of the 1930s Depression America - with its childish star craze and sensational killings (explored during the false newscast); it is done in style (praise for Lucien Ballard's cinematography and Eugene Lourie's stage design) and has an effective score for David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir perform well; the latter is especially impressive as the coach of the larger diction that life is vaguely sinister (though it ultimately proves a mere red herring!). Also featured are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (hers is just a special guest, in fact, since the evangelist she plays is mostly heard on the radio). <br /> <br /> Many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by children. (including a fun imitation of Mae West), but I personally did not bother with them; the film does a little more than welcome due to an unhurried pace and (perhaps unnecessarily) complicated plot. Reynolds - a musical star - is ideally chosen as a dance school mistress, and despite her on-set rivalry, she and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced representation of paranoia and insanity than in WHOVERVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); the narrative, then, comes with a series of ironic twists that lead to the expected outcome of the Grand Guignol type. Apparently the film was toned down (originally contained more blood and even a hint of lesbianism!) By producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wishes - in order to get a PG rating ...
