Some of the background details of this story are based, very, very vaguely, on actual events from the time this was put. The story combines some of the details of the famous Leopold and Loeb case along with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson. <br /> <br /> The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) being chased after they leave. courtroom. The crowd seems more intent on doing them bodily harm as their children were only convicted of a crime of hideous emotion. One person in the crowd apparently cuts off Winters' hand as they head for a waiting car. Soon after they get home, they begin to receive threatening phone calls, so Reynolds suggests they move west. Coast together and open a dance school. The dance school is a success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their son is the next Shirley Temple. One of the parents of these spoiled children is a multimillionaire who is quite in love with Reynolds and they start dating. Life seems very good. But as the threatening phone calls start again, Winters responds by coming out - behaving as if approaching a psychotic outbreak and retreating more and more into religion - listening to "sister" on the radio almost constantly. Once again, you see Winters on the edge and finally culminates in very bad things! I will not say more as this can ruin this suspenseful and interesting movie. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this film is very much like the horror films of Bette Davis and Joan Crawford of the 60s, like "Whatever Happened." to Baby Jane? "," Straight-Jacket "and" The Nanny. "While none of these are exactly the intellectual fare, on a kitsch level they are immensely fun and entertaining. Winters is great as a frail and demented lady and Reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39-year-olds I've ever seen - and she really can dance. My only concern with all this is that some might find Winters' hyper-religiosity in the movie is a little tacky - like a cheap attack on Christianity. At first I felt that way, but when you meet Sister Alma, she seems sincere and not ridiculed, so I took the religious zeal of Winters as just a sign of madness - which, I suppose, is all that was intended. <br /> By the way, this movie is packed along with "Whoworm Slew Auntie Roo?" - another horror film by Shelley Winters 1971. Both are great fun .. and well exaggerated!
