The most bizarre of the cinematic subgenres is the so-called "Grand Guignol Ladies": horror films from the camp that combined the exaggerated melodrama with the gothic emotions and always starring the experienced and almost forgotten actress of the Hollywood golden age in unfavorable roles Of long-suffering victims or of screaming evil harpies. This genre provided them with an unusual performance that allowed them to display their material onscreen once more and conquer new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What's the matter with Helen?" the last straw of this subgenre with impressive performances by Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who fled from their past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school to order the eager mothers. who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie receives happiness, customers, tango, tap dancing and a new love interest (Dennis Weaver, while Shelley goes crazy with horrible flashbacks, anonymous threats, stranger menacing threats, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute bunnies!) And a unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (alas!). <br /> <br /> The sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this genre with "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" along with director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of holes, red hands and wasted opportunities that could have made this movie terrific: the underlying themes of distorted motherhood (with characters from Debbie and Shelley as "bankrupt moms" and the arrogant moms of infantile stars) and obsessive female bonding (Debbie and Shelley relationship and fact that the few male characters in this movie are either sinister or even Dennis Weaver Texas Dream Boat) are wasted. Debbie Reynolds's musicals interlude and dance small, although it's fun to watch an excessive amount of time on screen than is supposed to be a psychological chiller. But still this movie is a lot of fun. The two stars and Curtis Harrington's stylish direction easily outweigh their flaws. The 1930s recreation film is colorful and stylish (see Debbie's clothes!) Made on a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely creepy with a shocking ending that will haunt you for days. And you would not easily forget that silly song from "Goody, goody" that goes through the movie as well. And seeing an increasingly crazy Shelley Winters screw every one of Debbie Reynolds's chances for happiness is a joke to watch! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
