Despite loving Rita Hayworth, finding the latest intriguing film sequences and being able to appreciate some of the subtler "symbolic" aspects of cinematography, The Lady from Shanghai did not work very well for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the overall structure. And in a movie where most people talk to each other in various situations, that's a big problem. The Shanghai Lady ended up in a very low "C", or a 7, for me. <br /> <br /> The Lady of Shanghai is really about the character of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a carriage ride and hits her. He later saves her from a robbery and she takes a glow at him. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland and the famous Elsa is given a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a famous and powerful defense lawyer from California. They tell O'Hara to work for them, despite their initial reservations - it seems to her, and to the public, that Elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with, and O'Hara does not want to get involved. Shortly after going to work on his yacht, a strange man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who claims to be Arthur's partner, appears on a scale and begins to cause problems. Eventually, Grisby asks O'Hara to get into a very dubious and dangerous scheme. Foolishly, O'Hara agrees. Naturally, this leaves you quite in trouble, and eventually, various mysteries are revealed. <br /> <br /> Perhaps my problems with the film lie in the fact that, so far, I'm not exactly a big fan of Orson Welles, and here he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the time on the screen. I have not seen anywhere near most of Welles's work yet, but I tend to like his later films more, when he has become a bit more exaggerated and performative. I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974) for example, and even enjoyed his performance at Casino Royale (1967), when he bizarrely insisted on being able to do magic tricks on a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane 1941) has never done much for me, despite having given 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about a year ago; my rating was a low 7 - the same as my current score for The Lady from Shanghai). Welles's performance and the dialogue he wrote for himself seem so affected and pretentious to me. He's kind of a rascal, a bit boring and a bit monotonous - he tends to look like he's reading. His performance reminded me of what I saw of Welles' Moby Dick version (listed in IMDb in 1999 but "completed" in 1971, can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to be reading to the camera and believing it to be intrinsically dramatic. I'm also someone who almost never complains of accents, but somehow Welles manages to make his Irish accent seem affected and pretentious to me as well. <br /> <br /> As for the other presentations, I can only say that I thought Hayworth did an excellent job. Of course she's beautiful, which does not hurt. Too sweet for the eyes here. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious to me - I never bought his character, his handicap and so on, and Anders is simply bizarre where bizarre does not seem to fit. Welles usually photographs him in close-up and Anders almost always has an exaggerated manic expression on his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Structurally, The Lady from Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes are extremely soft and soap, although novel services tend to be tackled in a tortuous way. Since Grisby presents his scheme, things get better and better as we get closer to the end. But the moment the Lady from Shanghai turns into a crime / mystery film, it's a little too late, and it quickly turns into a court drama before the sudden and exciting ending that comes almost from nowhere and ends too quickly for your relative. excellence. <br /> <br /> The end is more action oriented, less heavy dialogue, more varied and exotic in the scenarios, and sometimes quite abstract. Welles handles this combination of material skillfully as a director. If The Lady from Shanghai had been a combination of crime / mystery and the artistic ending, it could easily have been at least 9. The final scenes are easily 10s, as Welles changes from a Hitchcockian suspense scene at a Chinese San Francisco Opera House Francisco to another suspense scene at a Chinese amusement park. The climax of the dream house uses experimental cinematography for its time. It is well integrated into the script, as it allows a complex resolution and feeds a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is interesting, even though it usually can not make up for problems in the foreground. Welles blocks scenes with skill. There are many attractively filmed scenes from Central Park to Acapulco and to various San Francisco locations. Welles effectively creates symbolic scenarios for his action, from the hefty heights and steep falls of Acapulco to the labyrinthine Caribbean streets, the beautifully framed photos of the San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. The romance material, for which the Aquarius serves as a backdrop, is curiously tempered with a sort of discomfort throughout the film, but on the other hand, it makes the novel never work as a novel. <br /> <br /> Serious Welles fans will appreciate the Shanghai Lady much more than I do, and of course it's worth seeing if you love Rita Hayworth. The Lady from Shanghai is not exactly a terrible movie, in my opinion, but it's dangerously close to not "passing". Proceed with caution.
