Welles sandwiched between THE STRANGER, a small noir movie that proved that Welles can do a tremendous job in budget and time and ironically proved his biggest box office success in the 1940s, and MACBETH, a budding Shakespeare adaptation of the old West Shets in 23 days, comes THE LADY OF SHANGHAI, a black film noir woven from the same fabric of Wellesian myths that covers the MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film the director could not save from the clutches of studio bosses. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war noir mania in full swing, Welles always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already more somber, more sinister, paranoid and sinuous than anything his contemporaries were doing at the time. No wonder the film was so misunderstood in its day, to the point that an entire hour of filming had stayed forever on the floor of the editing room, and it was once again Europe that defended it as another Welles classic . /> Some set-pieces stand out. The aquarium scene, with its flickering light and ominous shadows, and, of course, the end of the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, which is like a classic piece of Wellesian bravery as in any Kane Citizenship or The Trial. The only flaws I find in the film are Welles's grumpy Irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editions of Act One. History, however, unfolds in a progressively fascinating way, which cuts serve only to intensify. I believe that the highly choppy versions of Shanghai and Amberson achieve surreal quality. <br /> <br /> Welles would go into exile in Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver another stonewall classic, the monumental TOUCH OF. MAL, perhaps the crown jewel of the movie noir that was already in its final days. Shanghai was not box office success, a star-studing vehicle of the time Hollywood debut, Rita Hayworth, should have been, and Welles's wedding to Hayworth ended before the movie was even released. Sixty years later and one hour less filming, Shanghai is still one of the best noir movies one can discover. Surely that should count for something.
