It is very difficult to say exactly what was happening with "The Lady from Shanghai" and what the film could have been without interference in the studio. Orson Welles' main interest in the movies at the time was to raise money for his theater; in fact, funding his own projects is what prompted him to seek out actor jobs. He made "Lady from Shanghai" by his ex-wife soon, Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was scared of Rita's image and prevented the release of this film for a year. <br /> <br /> The plot is about an Irish sailor, Michael O'Hara, who falls in love with Else (Hayworth, gorgeous with short blond hair). Her husband is a well-known criminal lawyer, Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), who is crippled both inside and out. He hires O'Hara to work on his yacht, and there O'Hara is drawn more and more to a web of murders and lies. <br /> <br /> "The Shanghai Lady" moves in the rhythm of a snail, although I agree with one of the posters that today's movies are criticized for having time to build a plot. Still, this movie drags. The amusement scene is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music, and I believe the studio cut it all. It's a shame. The photography throughout is impressive, atmospheric, daring and very elegant. Welles was an excellent actor, handsome in his youth, charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films, it is almost as if he does not trust himself or does not take time to develop a character. Instead, he relies on outside things, such as false accents and noses. One of the only times he did not do it was "Tomorrow is forever," in which the director gets an excellent and deeply felt performance from him. Contrast this with "Compulsion," where he shows that he is a master of pure technical acting as he touches on his performance. Here Welles is doing the fourfold duty - as a director, star, co-writer and narrator. Sporting a completely unnecessary accent and looking intense was a quick road to characterization. However, it is always convincing. <br /> <br /> Supporting players are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, beautiful and soft-spoken (her song was once again nicknamed by Anita Ellis) is, as usual, a complete goddess and one of the great onscreen presences. What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty. <br /> <br /> Any film that Orson Welles directed is worth seeing, and "The Lady from Shanghai" is no exception. But this leaves the viewer frustrated, as well as "The Magnificent Ambersons" - like any work Welles did within the studio system. He was a great artist who should have received a freer reign; he was not. It was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as evidenced by some of his later works, he needed the structure of the studio. Unfortunately, he could not have both.
