In New York, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from an assault and rape as she takes a horse and carriage through Central Park - and lives to regret it. Hayworth, Titian's hair, is a platinum blonde in this movie; as dazzling as the newly fallen snow - but not nearly so pure ... <br /> <br /> Revealing more of the complicated plot in this seminal "noir" would be criminal. It's as misleading as the mirrors used for cataclysmic effect in the final scenes - but the film holds much more obscure secrets: from the NY Times: Mary Pacios' "Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story of the Murder of the Black Dahlia" by Mary Pacios, who was a 5-year-old friend of 15-year-old Bette Short, remakes Short's footsteps, interviewing friends and associates, and also offered a detailed, though speculative, analysis of Orson Welles - especially in relation to the movie "The Lady From Shanghai. "According to Pacios, the film, along with related archival materials, has many of the same ritual elements associated with Short's assassination. the avalanche of books now released on "The Black Dahlia", much more may come to light. Fritz Lang's brutal "film noir" "The Big Heat" (1953) was a Roman narrative of "Dahlia" in "The City of Nets" which was LA - but it is Orson's work that "Dahlia" had a "practice" connection with. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the Hollywood mafia wars of the 1940s) who made "Dahlia" on ... but that does not deny much of what Pacios wrote. Nearly all of Hollywood crossed with Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Short and her tale / legacy / curse is encoded in several Golden Age films. <br /> <br /> The "Black Dahlia" was always on. the peripheral edges of "Shanghai", even before starting to film. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "It was when he was thinking of making" The Lady From Shanghai ", before losing the option to Orson Welles. Franchot said he was in a bad state about the deal when he came across Dahlia at the Cafe Formosa * in front of Goldwyn studios ... "* The floor above the Café Formosa was Bugsy Siegel's office and" The Dahlia "one of his own again in" girls "working again. After the 1951 bout over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never again talking the same way," Barbara said, she married Tone "only" to exasperate Neal. " Neal also knew "The Dahlia" (not?) And was obsessed with "LA Despair" by John Gilmore: "The murder, in January 1947, of the young and beautiful actress Elizabeth Short, known as "The Black Dahlia," was one of the most horrific murders in the annals of modern crime. A project called "Who Killed the Black Dahlia?" was being released by actor Tom Neal, a creator of the hell of World War II. Potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposition than the one put forward by Tom Neal and his teammates ..." Not long afterwards: "It would be very clear that a beautiful day to come when Tom "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew the" Dahlia "and their stories are well-known. It seems that everyone who crossed the path of "Dahlia" (as the proverbial black cat) entered a "Twilight Zone" "darkness and / or had an incredible following of bad luck later. this includes a massacred film called "The Lady From Shanghai" ... "Lady From Shanghai" took two years to be released, thanks to extensive re-editing - and all because Columbia President Harry Cohn could not understand the story It's dark "noir" to be sure, one of the darkest, actually. It is also a perverse satire on life in the new Atomic Age. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: "Shanghai" launches an insistent subtext of the nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement about the atomic bomb and the American city. The main murder victim of the film (and there are many), a psychotic and dual-career lawyer, insensibly anticipates Armageddon at all times, claiming that he can "feel it." He announces that he plans to flee to a remote Pacific island - a particularly acid joke from Welles, as this was the year the US began testing atomic bombs at a place like this, the Bikini Atoll, relocating all inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. By the time of Bikini, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb seems to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of the military; the first bomb fell on the Pacific testing ground in the name of "Gilda" and has the image of Hayworth in provocative outfits, painted directly on his carcass ... "<br /> <br /> It is ironic that the broad interpretation by Orson Welles The Irishman is considered a loss to the film by many and Welles is giving a clue to viewers that "Michael O'Hara" is just the storyteller - not part of the story, although it revolves around him ". "O'Hara" contradicts the shark Sharks in a feeding frenzy will not stop until there's nothing left "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the story "Elsa Bannister" causes a frenzy during the 'O' Hara "and her hat closed suggests that she is caged to not devour the human spectators to a Roman Coleseum. Spectators are in a feeding frenzy of their own, gossiping and talking about" Elsa "- a human aquarium related to the sequence of the This is the human condition ... except for "Michael O'Hara" and spend his life trying to forget his past ("Elsa") or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story begins his own tail at the end and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
