The Lady From Shanghai is strange even by the standards of its eminent director, Orson Welles, whose latest Hollywood movie went to many moons. It is a type of postmodern noir film made during the period in which more conventional films of this type were very popular, and concerns a happy Irish sailor (interpreted by Welles) that is involved with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who married with Welles at the time), and her crippled and probably impotent husband toyed with Everett Sloan's malevolent and intelligent enthusiasm. It follows a long sea voyage, with Welles on his lap as a bodyguard, and the plot thickens when Sloan's law partner (Glenn Anders) appears and begins to cause trouble by giving strange speeches about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that man is on the verge of mental collapse. A murder plot follows, and every kind of calamity follows Welles and his bosses, and at this point the story, confused and told at a leisurely pace so far, goes to the bottom of the pit, and the last part of the film consists of bright directing pieces that appear to have been released to give the film some of the momentum and urgency that its story does not possess by itself, and the result is an incomprehensible and often pleasing mess at all times. It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this movie, aside from perhaps resurrecting his Hollywood career by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction interferes, as Welles always does, and Miss Hayworth never seemed less attractive. That she is also climbed as a femme fatale seems peculiar, for in addition to her beauty, her most appealing feature as a screen personality was kindness, a quality she does not possess in that image. The director himself is strangely unpleasant and insolent in O'Hara, the (supposedly) carefree sailor, since Welles, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. This is a paper that twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could have been able to breathe. Welles did not. The most interesting performance of the film is Glenn Anders as Grisby, Sloan's grumpy and treacherous partner. Anders does wonders with the piece and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end with strange and sour notes, and are often edited in a cut; but despite all this, he manages to make Grisby's disorder palpable and disturbing, and gently anticipates the most extravagant actors of the fifties method, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that bothers us. about this movie: what was Welles trying to say? He was a highly talented and intelligent man, and tended to make statements in his films, which, whether or not they agreed with his view of the world, were brilliantly presented. I think I have an answer, or partial: Welles was summarizing his film career. He'd reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The Shanghai Lady is not exactly an idiot for the magnates of the day's studios, but I suspect she is, in her portrayal of amoral, rivals great lawyers (read: producers) expressing Welles's views on the agents of power. of Hollywood. That he introduced himself as a rogue sailor is saying. Welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler and rarely lived in one place for long. He was hired by a studio to provide a great film of prestige (Citizen Kane), which caused a storm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. This may be the question that dare not say his name in this film, that is, Welles's personal failure not to overcome the shock of his novelty in the film colony, and his inability to deliver the goods as promised. The mere fact that he appeared in Hollywood, as his mere presence in the film, could not avoid disasters far beyond his control. That he performed in the film as a stranger, naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge on the part of Welles. He was much more of an internal player than he lets it show, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the more mundane aspects of life, and himself for knowing so much.
