These are excerpts from a nine-page "Mr. Cohn's Memo to Mr. Welles", written after Orson saw the edited version of studio magnate Harry Cohn (he took an hour): <br /> <br /> "... The song of the debut title was written by a first-rate composer, George Antheil. Although it was not written for our photo, this temporary music had an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something exuberant and romantic which made it acceptable ... The only musical idea that seems to have occurred to this present composer (Heinz Roemheld) is quite tired of using a popular song - the "theme" - in as many arrangements as possible. "Please do not kiss me "for almost all the bridges and also for a lot of background material.The music is nice, you can do very well in the hit parade - but Lady of Shanghai is not a musical comedy.Mr Roemheld is a fervent devotee of an old-fashioned type of punctuation , now referred to in our business. s as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls, it makes a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc, etc ... If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative, I could not be more unhappy about the results .. Just before leaving to go abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut that would involve the fall of the next taxi crash and also a bit of dialogue. I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut ... saving the much-needed images in the wake of slow opening (this was not done, representing the main weaknesses of the film's opening roll) ... There is nothing in Rita's suit is diving to ensure a great orchestral crescendo ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the evil tones suggested by the character of Grigsby and the perplexity of Michael. Any or all of these items may have inspired music. Instead, the dive is treated as if it were a great climax or some antic time in a Silly Symphony: a fall of Pluto the Pup, or a wild leap into space by Donald Duck ... There is no sounding atmosphere on the boat. A little wind and water is much needed. It's no use shooting a scene on a real boat, if you make it seem like everything happened in front of a process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score, we use a curious, sexy Latin American .. This was replaced by a "dramatic" tacky sequel - bad things ... This kind of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what could have saved Lady of Shanghai from being just another whodunit ... There is a big musical explosion after Grigsby's speech: "I want you to kill him." That's absurd ... Hawaiian guitar music coming off the radio ... should be quite sensitive to make a certain satirical point. As it stands now, it's about the same level as the rest of the score. No one in the audience could suspect we're kidding ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please, do not kiss me" is back! ... A bad dubbing job and bad punctuation destroyed the character of Michael's run on the dock. From the shot to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices was built with a lot of time and effort. For some reason, all this was dismissed in favor of a vague awe. As a result, the whole sequence seems monotonous ... The audience must feel at this point, along with Michael, that maybe they are going crazy. The new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they are going to sleep ... The battle with the broken mirrors should not be backed up with music ... The closing song again refers to "Please do not kiss me ". "... This ending is obvious to the point of vulgarity and causes incalculable damage at the end of the film." <br /> <br /> All these issues of Orson were ignored
