After CITIZEN KANE, in 1941, Hollywood executives turned their backs covered with thorn-cloth to the great Orson Welles. With the exception of KANE, Welles lost all creative control of MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY INTO FEAR and many other films to come. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unusual of filmmakers when Hollywood needed more. THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is yet another example of the poorly understood view of Welles's films at the time, a film that seems a bit agitated and not fluent. There's a conventional premise from the 1940s told in an unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up on the cutting room floor. It is now legend that Columbia mogul Harry Cohn stood up during the initial screening and asked what it was about. In retrospect, many old grumps who ran the studios at that time had no clue about the cinematographic techniques and the main story of Orson Welles and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is almost great because of its intrusion. <br /> <br /> In addition to being arguably the greatest director ever, Welles was also quite an actor as an actor. At age 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane," perhaps the most famous character in film history. Here he inhabits a rare character of obscure intelligence and little intelligence, something unfamiliar to those familiar with another great work of Welles. Instead of a smart and smart language, he speaks with a harsh, Irish sound. Rita Hayworth (her unhappily married wife at the time) plays an unfortunate wife of a lawyer who puts Welles into a spell and is able to lure him into a job that will take him to the limits of deceit and disillusionment. He is a great friend who may have murdered a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with stunning blonde hair) and her crippled husband Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). A chilling Sloane partner is set to sail the country to start a series of quirky events that have Michael O'Hara's head spinning Welles. Welles narrates the image as O'Hara, but things are still not clear all the time. See for yourself and realize that at least two views are needed to know exactly what is happening. A strangely strange courtroom sequence centers around O'Hara, with Sloane defending him. It's a curiously comical scene with some peculiar court methods, including Sloane's interrogation. I did not really laugh here because the movie stands still this time after a first part that never quite takes off anyway. Up to this point, cinematography is great, some scenes are filmed with skill and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is a distinct line drawing the elements and we, the audience, inside. Reported, the court scene was re-filmed. against Welles' requests (Hayworth's 10 closes were ordered) and an improvised song sung by the star was released at Cohn's insistence. A garish score infuriated Welles, who was once again out of the editing process. Thank Welles himself for saving the film entirely with a tour-de-force ending that will always be treasured. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings you back again and again, rightly so. It must be seen to believe and does a good job of wrapping some confusing ideas presented. The fall of the mirrors represents the disappointment of "O'Hara" and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and stage decor. It looks more like a state of mind than a real place and is in fact "crazy", distorted and transformed like a Dali painting. This is a great end to a flawed image that, if left unattended, would probably have made the AFI Top 100. Then again, 3 or more 4 Orson Welles films may have made all the "best" lists if he had been left alone to create his own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look for the Mercury Players who are so prominent in Welles' photos. They appear everywhere. RATING: 8 of 10
