As I watched one of Orson Welles' latest contributions to Hollywood as a filmmaker, I knew I was watching a big movie unfold, though sometimes I did not know why. The story of The Lady from Shanghai has the main elements of a film-noir: average Joe's lead, femme fatale, conspicuous supporting characters and an understandable, though somewhat complicated, plot structure. It's a fun ride, full of unique gifts from Welles as a director, but there are scenes that tend to simply not work, or do not seem complete in what was Welles's complete vision (the latter is sadly also true that the executive producer Harry Cohn and the Columbia executives are blamed for this. Welles co-starred with his then-wife, the deeply beautiful Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker. with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in their eyes.) They want to go sailing on their yacht and take O'Hara for the ride, and at first he is reluctant, but agrees, since he is falling in love with Mrs. Married As his journey unfolds, O'Hara discovers that Bannister and Grisby are not pleasant. being around, and even more so with Grisby, who at first seems out of his gourd. However, as the plot unfolds, O'Hara is drawn into a fraud that Grisby is planning for insurance money, with results I dare not reveal (although they have been discussed several times by others). Whatever the responsibilities here and there have been in the mysterious part of the story (and in those few moments when shots were dictated in the studios), the performances and the look of the film are what remains impressive after of more than fifty-five years. Although he does not have the fantastic Greg Tolland (DP of Kane) by his side, the trustworthy Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and rigid, shaded, deep focus, low angles, works . A special achievement is the mirror scene of the amusement house, which is just one highlight among others. Welles himself is always dependable as an actor - even if his accent is nothing special - and Hayworth herself makes the scene a little more exuberant, despite its way in history. <br /> <br /> It's worth checking out Lady from Shanghai, especially for Welles, Hayworth or movie noir fans (Coen brothers fans might find this fascinating as well). It may take a while to repeat visions (as it was for the Touch of Evil) because the underlying motifs of the plot fit together.
