Set in Japan, Ashura is the story of demons dominating Earth. The premise is much more complicated, but the plot of bowing should not be overlooked. Japan is in crisis, with Demons occupying the human form wandering the lands. In general, demons look and act like human beings, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but the classic form of 'ogre', which is a mythological creature of some historical stature. We're talking about creatures that would look more like gods than simple ugly monsters who eat children. <br /> <br /> However, in human form, all that is left are green eyes and green teeth, which appear when placed under any kind. of stress. To save the world from demons, there are demon killers. Skilled and skilled warriors who can identify and defeat most demons, and guard the passage between the realm of hell and the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local town. In the midst of these festivities, three men arrive, dressed in black, apparently determined to do evil. The villagers run away, except for those who are demonic in nature, who keep their eyes green and try to kill them. Demon Assassins end up killing most of the demons. From here the story gets interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when, at the gate of hell, a diviner demon appears before the three guardians of the gate, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With this comes the end of man's reign and begins the reign of the demons. Ashura, however, requires some sort of birth process, the first step occurred during the opening battle, but that will not be revealed to you until you see the movie. The 3 demon slayers are an old wise man, a powerful and unprincipled man, and a skillful and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the division between them, the old man wanting to stop the demons, the mighty wanting to bend them to his increasing egoic manic desires and the third wanting to stop the second. Along the way, he meets a woman whom he begins to like, and believes he has a special relationship with him. She, in turn, is a good-natured thug, wanted by the authorities. When the two finally meet face-to-face, he puts his hand on her shoulder and is suddenly struck by a mark on his shoulder. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. What follows is a battle for the land, a battle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good in itself. <br /> <br /> The point for me in this movie has become something other than what I thought it would be. I went in thinking it was a fast-paced action movie with demons, or a horror movie with evil creatures and evil macabre like the ones that would be seen in Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was wrong in the best way possible. The story that struck me is an adaptation of a very old Japanese piece, and presents itself as such, combining the essentially action-driven adrenaline scenes with a great concept, an incredible narrative and a style that leads you to think of just sitting wallowing in blood. Many scenes are painted with a luxurious dialogue between two characters that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a practically theatrical experience that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film makes use of an immaculate setting and camera work comparable to many of the great Samurai movies of our day, but adding to it a well thought out thought. and classic plot. With great performances, great music and completely awesome scenes, I need to watch in my book. <br /> <br /> That said, you need the warning that it is not for everyone. It's not cheap horror thrill, it's not balls for the wall action. It's a horror style that was filmed. It has a lot to say and it takes time to do it, flying in the face of conventional one liners. Like Japanese plays, the interchanges between the characters can last for many minutes before they join a quick but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is a slasher movie with little plot and excessive nudity then you can easily watch the other thing. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie to me is unique and amazing, which keeps you fascinated. it's fun. has good writing, good acting and good direction. It's all in all a solidly great movie.
