I must admit I'm a bit surprised and disappointed with some of the negative comments that this movie seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror / science fiction movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, he looks in a mirror and before his eyes his face is melting! Escaping from the supervision of hospitals, he hides in some local woods around a small town. Unfortunately it begins to develop a hunger that grows rapidly and can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Chasing human prey, he begins his reign of terror! It is up to his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone because his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey), wants to keep everything very quiet. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) is suspicious when General Perry appears, as some people in the town begin to appear half-eaten. I really do not understand why this movie gets negative reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly the Rick Bakers Special Make-up and the gore effects that for the most part are excellent, and the fact that all its prosthetic effects and no horrible CGI make them even better. Writer and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them, we have some good plans for the close-up of the incredible man who melts and they hold up very well, even now. Photography, music and direction are a little annoying but professional enough. The script manages to create some sympathy for the monster, shots of him looking anxiously at the home of Ted Nelsons, or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently. The ending, defined in a large factory of some sort, is pretty pessimistic, so do not expect any happy ending. Which surprised me. Also, the script does not really do anything with the premise, it just wallows melting and killing, with your friend trying to stop you, maybe a little too simple. Personally I think the worst of the movie is near the beginning, when the fat nurse runs into a hospital hallway in slow motion, her screams are also portrayed in slow motion too, it seems and sounds totally ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I really like this movie and I recommend it to horror and science fiction fans of the '70s and' 80s. A bit of my favorite.
