Firstly, anyone looking for a meaningful "results-oriented" cinema that includes some kind of social message with meaningful performances and soul-searching dialogue spoken by dedicated, emotional and sincere playwrights, please quit now . You're wasting your time and life is short, go see the new Brangelina Jolie movie, cry, get out and buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamonds if that will make you feel better, and leave us alone. Do not let the door hit you too. THE AMAZING MELT MAN is a less epic regional terror epic on the devastated lands of Oklahoma by a young cast and TV crew, and worries about an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre effects of radiation, wakes up in a hospital and finds that his body is liquefying him while he sits there feeling like an idiot. The man who melts is played by Alex Rebar, who is recognized for the first four minutes of the film. But once he starts using the extraordinary composition of special effects of Rick Baker, it looks more like something you can find in a spam can before draining all the viscous and viscous drops of grease. <br /> <br /> The movie has zero. exposure and does not care about plot points: there are some scenes involving scientists running around an absurd industrial conveyor machine that obediently recites a few mandatory lines about the effects of radiation, but the film does not really turn on. It is a show of horrors and a marvelous one with a decidedly sickly sense of humor for those who can handle it - A great laugh comes when the man who melts stumbles upon a girl in the forest and is so perplexed by what makes one of his eyes leave. Hilarious. The "hero" of the film is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating actor in the golden television scene of the 70s and 80s who was a kind of initial model of the Kevin Spacey prototype; slightly distorted, neurotic and one step ahead of most people in the room, even if it looks confusing. He appeared shortly after the film was made into a bizarre piece made for the TV anthology called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE) which is considered one of the best films ever made in Oklahoma, which is where I suspect that this movie was done too. The arid rural landscapes of the Midwest certainly look the same, and the brook an unfortunate fisherman chooses for his sporting afternoon seems to be the same as Cameron Mitchell fought against alien flying pancakes in WARNING ... which also had a sense of sick humor, a nice cast for television and a very scandalous thing. I definitely feel at least an aesthetic connection between the three films, as well as THE SILENCE OF LAMBOS, which is no surprise considering that director Jonathan Demme is a part of the MELTING MAN cast. <br /> <br /> Essentially, as others have pointed out, this is a 1950s B-movie plot updated to special effects from the 1970s and the inevitable boobs. The movie that most likely borrows most of his ideas is PHANTOM FROM SPACE, with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to radiation effects that lead to a wave of killings. One of the things I really admire in the film is that absolutely no consideration is given to the motives of the melting man: he simply goes into fury and the drama of the movie has been asking himself if he's going to fall apart before certain characters fall victim to his madness . The budget for the movie is also delightfully low and every penny spent on it is on screen, the disgusting effects of Rick Baker getting the most of what was spent on it. Fun disgusting and best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why can not people have made more movies like these? <br /> <br /> 8/10
