I've always enjoyed this comedy as one of the few who seriously try to cope with the US government's annual tax demand. Have you read a tax code ?: It is an attempt and both to follow the various clauses that our congressmen and senators push to help their financiers and various interest groups. Despite claims that it is fair, the tax code has always placed the bulk of the burden on the middle and working classes rather than on the rich and influential. Most of the various special clauses are intended for your use - go through the average 1040 or 1040A and observe the variety of different investments and ventures, all with a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use for these. <br /> <br /> The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to warn the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) do not have. taxes paid in 20 years. The IRS Baltimore office is under Fred Clarke, and he's drawing attention to Ober with his influence. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. Randall discovers that Douglas, Merkle and their three girls and two boys are decent people who rarely need money (they do well on their farms). produce and trade with your neighbors). But Randall, trained in the clear lines (for the IRS) of the tax code, tries to fix the family in the fundamentals. But Douglas gradually notes that Reynolds likes Randall, and he continues to divert Randall from his task, eventually leaving him drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave the engine of his car removed "for repairs" by his two children. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing attraction and friction between urban Randall, vaguely ambitious, and rural, Reynolds love life. They make a cute couple actually. Eventually, after Ober complains, Randall is sent back in disgrace and Clarke (a harder biscuit) arrives at brass studs. And it comes with a very large tax bill that will possibly ruin Douglas's family. <br /> <br /> The movie does not end there - it ends happily, but it reminds us that the power to tax is power. destroy, and that the Government, too often, goes to destruction. A chance at a million reversals saves the family, but it's so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clarke's boss, (Charles Lane) cuts the gist of Ober's "help" by suggesting that next year his taxes will be more carefully analyzed. After that, Ober is quite green.
