Many critics were offended by the fact that R. W. Fassbinder portrayed both protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a human way. Fassbinder's other films, however, will note that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "female films" as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men," because, according to Fassbinder, while men generally fulfill their determined roles in society, "women are able to think in a dialectical way." Dialectic, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis as generally in our black-and-white world, but a synthesis where oppositions coincide. Moreover, dialectic means that, because of the third example of synthesis, the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished. Specifically speaking: Starting from a dialectical point of view and portraying the fascist state, clandestine fighters must necessarily use the basic means as rulers, and between offenders and victims there is therefore a kiastic relationship, so that every offender is also a victim and every victim is also abusive. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme, which transcends classical logic, in his play "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975), filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Sombra dos Anjos" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, approaching a priori controversial theme such as Nazi Germany in a dialectical way, the representation of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want that our recognition of the world is by no means exhausted with a primitive scheme of light switches, but it needs the third instance of synthesis as the controlling organ of the thesis and antithesis of its opposing members. The mutual relationship between offenders and victims has to be examined, since it is simply not true that offenders are the bad guys and the victims the good ones. From a synthetic point of view, the bad ones partake of goodness, for the good participate in evil. They are related to each other. In a worldview based on classical logic, a relationship between good and evil can not even be established, and in an ethics based on this insufficient system of logic, the bad conscience of survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (illogically) responsible for the actions of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form of a new evaluation based on this relationship as well. From Fassbinder's dialectical point of view, it is concluded that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their "misuse" of the governing system for their private purposes, because they do not misuse them, only use them. On the contrary, since the victims must repeat the actions of the offenders, because the offenders must repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no more mirror images simple of each other as in the logic of two values, their strategies are legitimized by the chiastic structure of a logic that describes our world, which is not at all black and white, much better than a black-and-white logic.
