Until the 1990s, there has never been a movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma." Then came two in the same year, 1996. Or, if you tell "Clueless," 1995, which updates Austen's plot to a modern American school every three years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from a wealthy family in Regency England. She is, financially, considerably better than most of Austen's heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, his main concern seems to be finding husbands for his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to refuse a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should keep an eye on the ambitious clergyman, Elton. This scheme goes disastrously wrong, however, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but fell in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes her wonder just why she was so interested in matching her friend with a man she considers (rightly) as an inadequate marriage partner for herself. Being this a plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be a spinster less committed than it seems, and she is also in love, leading to more complications. <br /> <br /> Today, in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being only a year younger, she was not as internationally known as Gwyneth Paltrow. She is, however, as convincing as Austen's well-meaning heroine, but often wrong. Beckinsale seems to have a knack for classic roles - she has made a delightful hero in Kenneth Branagh's "Noise for Nothing" version - and sometimes I find myself wishing that Hollywood might have found more suitable roles for her than losing it in turkeys like "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as the love interest of Emma, ​​Mr. Knightley, largely because he came closer to my conception of the character as a gentleman gentleman, older, somewhat more paternalistic. figure for Emma as a lover. (His surname must probably indicate his chivalrous nature-19th century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate chivalric codes.) Strong tends to minimize the age difference issue (he's 37, she's 21) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less a wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who would go to bigger things) is perhaps closer to Harriet's novel than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> This was the smaller version of the two versions, made for television rather than cinema, and the sets and costumes look less luxurious and there are fewer big names among the actors. Costume drama, however, is generally something that British television does well, and this version can certainly keep up with the film version; both are fun and well made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
