Tintin and I recently aired as an episode of P.O.V. Series. It is based on a taped interview of Georges Remi, herge, creator of Tintin, of 1971, in which it discusses its several experiences publishing its popular personage, first in a Catholic newspaper, later in its own series of comic books. Stunning breathtaking views of several comic pages and surreal images of Herge's dreams. I first encountered Tintin on the Children's Digest pages at my local primary school library reading The Secrets of the Unicorn. My mother later got a CD signature and I read all Red Rackham's treasure every month in 1978. I remember seeing some Tintin comic books at a local bookstore after that, but for some reason I did not get any because I was 12 years old and I thought I was overcoming them. I have Breaking Free, a book written and drawn by J. Daniels, published in 1989, six years after Herge's death. I have not read that yet. This film also covers the artist's personal life as when he left his first wife after his affair with a colourist at his job (with whom he married later). Her name is Fanny and she's interviewed here. If you love Tintin and its creator, this movie definitely deserves a look. Update: 9/4 / 07- I've read the book Breaking Free. Tintin and The Captain are the only regular characters that appear here and are tailor-made for Daniels's anti-capitalist visions, with Tintin portrayed as a shaker with a chip on his shoulder that, despite everything, looks after the Captain with whom he is staying. The captain here is just trying to survive with a wife and a daughter he loves very much. They and other construction workers swear to attack after a colleague dies of a defective equipment accident. The whole thing happens in England with the working class cockney details intact. Not the kind of thing Herge would approve of, but an interesting read, though. Oh yes, the Snowy dog ​​appears only in the upper left corner of the hood (which has Tintin running over the police!) And on the dedication page.
