Rumor has it that at the time when ABBA? Sweden's multi-award-winning disc of Swedish favorites had reached its peak, the band became disillusioned with English singing and eager to perform in their native language. Soon after, problems began to emerge in the partnership waiting for some time and recordings became less and less frequent. The band dissolved, although not officially, in 1982 and the pop lost one of its most celebrated artists. Although they have never admitted that there is any truth in these rumors, the fact is that ABBA would never have been so successful had they recorded only in their native language. If you want to appeal to the largest lucrative media market in the world, then you need to serve the English speaking public. <br /> <br /> It's amazing to me how such a small island is located on a rock throw. far from the European continent could have created perhaps the most recognized language, although not the most widely spoken in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; whether it's just 'hello' or a common swear word - you'll find an English speaker almost everywhere. Pedro Galindo obviously did not agree, because Trampa Infernal was never subtitled for global consumption until it was recently released on DVD. That's a pity, because it's actually a decent horror movie that is way better than many of its English-speaking compatriots. <br /> <br /> The film is cast in an unfamiliar territory of a duel of pistols. Two unidentified characters are shown sneaking around a dilapidated complex looking for each other by the inevitable final confrontation. After some suspense and a couple of near misses, one of the gunmen emerges victorious. Then we learned that they were just paintball guns and the two contestants are actually youngsters from the local town. Nacho and Mauricio are the fiercest rivals and Mauricio is always trying to prove that he is better than his soft-spoken opponent, but so far he has not. <br /> <br /> Later that night, as the victorious gunslinger celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has one last challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says that this will be the competition that will prove to the city once and for all who deserves the greatest respect. Nacho is reluctant at first because Alejandra warns him of the dangers of continual competitiveness, but he ends up yielding to the pressure of peer pressure and agrees; To the dismay of your morally superior partner. <br /> <br /> They plan to go to the remote region of Filo de Caballo because recent press coverage has reported that many people have been massacred by what locals believe to be. a vicious bear. Mauricio proposes that whoever kills the animal can be considered the largest and also promises that it will be the last battle he fights against his opponent. <br /> <br /> After visiting the arsenal to stockpile weapons and ignore the warnings of the old keeper, the group set out to move away from the isolated forest. Hunters hunt when they discover that the "bear" is actually a veteran homicide from Vietnam who still does not know the war is over and considers all humans as their enemies. What began as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival as they are pursued and massacred by the evil killer. <br /> <br /> I took the Trap while I was studying in Madrid with a Mexican student who lived in the dormitory-it's for me. I remember that the copy I saw was defective and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the end of the credits, which means that I could never see the final scenes. Fortunately I came across the budget DVD recently on Amazon and immediately added to my collection. <br /> <br /> Gallindo's slasher is a surprisingly good effort that stands out from his skillful direction and enthusiastic plot, which tries to cover areas that are not usually addressed by horror films. In fact, it's so good that it reminded me on more than one occasion of Arnold Schwarzenegger's classic Predator. This is especially evident in the scenes depicting the murderer disguised as sinister running through the forest and chasing the panicked panic as they struggle to escape the maniacs playground. <br /> <br /> Despite Platind's obvious awareness of the platitudes of the genre (the bogeyman even wears a glove with claw fingers on the Freddy Kruegar); The Trap also tries to add something different to the default template. While most run-time games by the concrete rules of the category, the final third announce a significant step in individuality as the maniac arms up with a machine gun and lures the hero to his lair for the final showdown. From here, the film quickly swaps genres and becomes almost an action movie, which, depending on your taste, will excite or disappoint you. The last slasher who tried to cross the two styles was the grumpy entry of the eighties 'The Majorettes', which is not necessarily a good thing. As is the case with many Latin films (especially Spanish films by Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a subtle current of a moral to its story, which is transmitted successfully without being shaken by the spectator's throat . More than entering the temptations of competitive masculinity and you can not always be the winner. It is a sugar coated spot but is treated with enough delicacy to not detract from the fun of the feature. <br /> <br /> Trap can be tacky, but deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the best late slashers. . The killer looks great in scary army uniforms and white Valentine-style mask and attempts at originality just about the job. It may not have the blood that most sincere horror fans like, but it has enough in terms of suspense and creativity to ensure at least one preview.
