Brilliant adaptation of the novel that made famous the relatives of Chilean President Salvador Allende dead. In the ambience of a large estate that emerges from the ruins, becoming a force to abuse and exploit indignation, a luxury property for the benefit of rookie Esteban Trueba and his undeserved family, the brilliant Danish director Bille August recreates, in micro, which at the time would be the process that would lead to the greatest infamy of its history for the hardened Chilean nation, and whose main character would be Augusto Pinochet (Stephen's similarities with her are inevitable: remember, as an example, that image of the senator with the darkness glasses that makes him the wink for the general to start making the palace). <br /> <br /> Bille August watches an exceptional cast in Jeremy's Outstanding Irons, whose character changes from arrogance and extreme cruelty, the hard lesson that life always takes to almost force us to change. In Stephen fully applies the law of resonance, with great wisdom, Solomon describes in these words: "The freckles are the same punishment that will serve you." Glenn Close's unforgettable touch, Stephen's tainted sister, whose sin, driven by loneliness, by spiritual and platonic love, was the wife of his cruel snowy brother. Meryl Streep also brilliant, a woman whose name came to him as a Clara glove. With telekinetic, cognitive and mediumistic powers, this hardened woman, loyal to her frank and conservative husband, is an indicator of character and self-control that we desire for ourselves and for all human beings. <br /> <br /> Each character is a portrait of virtuosity (such as infant rebel leader Pedro Segundo unfortunate ...) or a portrait of humiliation, such as Stephen Jr., bastard son of the senator, who serves as an instrument for the return of the boomerang. <br /> <br /> The film moves the guts, we recreate some facts that should never be repeated, but that absurdly still happen (Colombia is a sad example) and another reminder that, against everything, life is wonderful because There are always people like Isabel Allende and they immortalize only Bille August.
