After Garbo's introduction to Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film, where everyone except Garbo was different. Although the American version is even more available in the US and most American viewers have seen this version primarily, Germna "Anna Christie" is most likely to be seen in Europe. As I have seen the two films, I feel entitled to compare the two productions closely united. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown's? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what the two films have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts, and the same scenes presented chronologically. Here you also find the story of the young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and is trying to start a new life. Here, you also have the humorous, though slightly shorter, sequence in the amusement park. However, when I emphasize Garbo himself, I approach the first difference. She does not seem to be as curious as she speaks. The spectator concentrates more on his performance than on the way he speaks, which probably occurred to spectators in 1931. Garbo was very good at American cinema and she is also very good here. However, for me, it seems even more genuine in the German version. It is notorious that Garbo does not concentrate on the way she says the words a lot (the effort that was created artificially by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). His German is not very well pronounced; but nobody cares: everything is perfectly understood. So I can easily say the same as I did in my review of the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in a very important issue: the rest of the cast. Here comes the question: which picture seems more captivating, which is the best, for sure? Differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do the same job as Marie Dressler as Marthy Owens. She is not bad, she is different, sometimes exaggerates (from today's perspective), but she is no longer so genuine in the role of Marie Dressler who still amuses us and whose moments have absolutely stood the test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the movie and that opinion, although it seems questionable, carries some truth. Theo Shall is nicer than Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied to him, this is not so much the question of performance as the appearance of appearance. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German "Anna Christie", who is really the most attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a day vs. night difference. Junkermann portrays a true alcoholic, a man with hopes, with fears, who exaggerates in the care of his daughter. The scene of Anna's first encounter with her father is truly magnificent, the opening moment of Chris's conversation with Marthy is memorable, particularly thanks to her facial expressions and impeccable performance. Junkermann is the Chris whom you like, whom you sometimes laugh at, whom you sympathize with, who leaves in your mind an image of a calm alcoholic sailor. Great! <br /> <br /> If you've seen American "Anna Christie" and got the chance to get the German version, I highly recommend you this movie because it's a slightly different look at history, a good and accurate way to compare, a good enrichment for Clarence Brown's film and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a marvel of performance: Hans Junkermann's. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
