Fragile meat, just before its great period. Although sometimes hesitantly run, and marked by longueurs, the HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as a relative unusual lightness of touch with this director. All its great virtues are here: the tight interiors broken by slender, complex and delicious camera movements; a melancholy unfolding of light and shadow; remarkable and melancholic sets of Alexander Trauner, so evocative that, as the title suggests, they assume a personality of their own; the quietly sad song by Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly casual plot about romance, tragedy, and fatalism that casts a bond on his characters; extraordinary performances of some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest flaw in the movie, and I'm surprised (as someone who normally, docilely, minimizes its importance) to admit, is his script. It has a lot of intelligence and pungency, but without the poetry and irony that regular Meat contributor Jacques Prevert has brought to his best films, he can not help but slip into the cliché (even if it's just a cliché in hindsight). <br /> <br /> Ostensibly placed in the boarding house, the film establishes its idea of ​​community, with two intertwined tales of condemned love, and emotional, metaphysical and real isolation. The scene of condemned love is one that works less well. Annabella is very beautiful, but not too good at making tragedy, while Aumont's unwillingness, however brilliant she is by nature, avoids any real, meaningful romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it difficult to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, that after only a few months, he is so tormented by the desperation that he has to shoot each other. Its extravagant lines are quite embarrassing as well. Of course this case is not meant to be plausible - they are symbolic of youth, hope and the possibility of being crushed in France, or perhaps of France itself, desperate, resigned, waiting for death. For symbols to be truly powerful, they must convince on a narrative level, which, I feel, they do not get here. <br /> <br /> What saves this plot is its connection to the story of M. Edmond, a character attached to the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we only learn this gradually, he is a hidden killer, living from the prostitute played by Arletty, having guessed his accomplices. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had a set of traits; Hidden, he took on his complete opposite. Living a somewhat aimless life, he is deeply shaken by the lovers' pact, and becomes fatalistic, realizing the foolishness of trying to deceive death. In this way - the admission that one is less than a person a collection of signs and that death is an inevitable reality to which the most powerful masculinity must succumb - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of the clinical assassins of Melville. With one exception - he briefly gives hope, an illusion that only strengthens - if this is not an unbearable irony - his fatal resolution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been trivial had it not been for the truly amazing performance of Louis Jouvet. I studied his theatrical work in college, but this was my first taste of his talent on the screen, and he reveals himself worthy of the big names - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobility to a role that is one more conception (it needless to say, it is allegorical as well) than a real person. Edmond starts the film a supporting supporting character, but emerges as a tragic hero of some strength. Like all leading actors, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> On a formal level, what surprises is that the Flesh attachment, ten years before its blossoming, of Sirk's great melodrama techniques in Hollywood, Ophuls, Ray, and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (check out masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), the style of Flesh really fits into its theme - that of trap, paralysis, resignation. <br /> The main motive of the film is the water - the credits float and dissolve, the hotel is next to a waterway - but instead of the open river of possibilities of Renoir, we have a stagnant and artificial canal, going nowhere. The film begins when it ends, and the setting never changes, except for a brief interlude from which both fugitives are doomed to return. Characters can only escape through death - their trap is emphasized by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames that hold them captive, the windows that take a look at an escape they can never reach. Any hope in the end, therefore, is deeply compromised, if romantically.
