Filmed by MGM in the same sets of the English version, but in German, Garbo's second portrait of "Anna Christie" benefited from the practice and its apparent ease with German dialogue. Garbo seems more relaxed and natural under Jacques Feyder's direction than under Clarence Brown, and his mannerisms in the silent movies disappeared, which made his transition to full sound. The strength she brought to the character remains here, though it has been softened, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's vulnerability. The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole all the scenes in which she was during the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo holds the limelight, although the three supporting players, particularly his father, performed well. Feyder's direction was more assured than Clarence Brown's, and his use of camera and editing techniques did not seem as limited by the new sound process as Brown's. The film moves more fluidly than the adaptation in English, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a stream that maintains the viewer's interest. Even William Daniels's cinematography seems to be improved by filming the Brown version. He captured Garbo's luminescence and dock atmosphere with style. In addition, the adaptation of the screenplay to the European public made Anna's profession quite clear from the outset, and the explanation makes it clear to viewers who were not familiar with the play what was implied in the filming of Brown. However, the film was made before the Production Code was introduced, which made the censorship intriguing. The Oscar-nominated Garbo nomination for "Anna Christie" has always been a bit confusing, and I suspected that approval was more recognition of its relatively smooth transition to sound films than to its performance. However, some of the Academy voters may have seen the German version of the film, and they realized, as well as contemporary viewers, that their "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was definitely Oscar-worthy.
