The most popular achievement of master director Ching Siu Tung is this series, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. The Chinese Ghost Story star Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his "collecting journey" in a mysterious castle in which some strange warriors fight and find him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under the rule of a powerful demon, a wooden demon who collects human souls for herself with the help of her beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although the ghosts can not live with humans, they decide to break this rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the wood devil thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their life and for their happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is no less full of magic than other Ching Siu Tung movies. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, which have incredible visuals and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of bright lightning and a somber atmosphere, which is illuminated by the strong presence of the beautiful and good ghost. The effects are simply breathtaking and would work at their greatest power on the big screen. The camera is moving and twisting all the time and adds to the fairy tale atmosphere that this movie has. There are also a lot of wire-uf acrobatics, and although some think they are and look free or stupid when used in movies, I can not agree and think they give movies the kind of magic, freedom, and creativity that any other tool could not give. When people fly in these movies, it means that movies are not just about our world, and they usually portray things bigger than life with the power of this art form greater than life. <br /> <br /> The Power Story Love is very touching and hot, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a little superficial and act inexplicably from time to time. Leslie and Joey should have been written with greater care and their characters should be even more warm, deep and genuine in order to give the story a greater power and thus make the film an even more remarkable and important achievement. Moreover, the message about love and power is little underlined at one point and should have been left to the mind of the beholder to be interpreted and found. Another negative point about the dialogue is that it is too much and people talk about this movie without a reason. This is very annoying and unfortunately shows the flaws that many writers tend to make when writing their films. People just talk and talk and it's all there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible and so the film is not very challenging or believable as it has that free element. Just think of the films of the Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; his films have very little dialogue and all that is needed is for him to tell his stuff with other film tools and never speak or make the other characters talk too much in his films. This is just the talent writers must have to write bigger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, the Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually breathtaking piece of oriental cinema, and also the music that is played in the film is very beautiful and hope to win some prize at the Hong Kong film awards At that time. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the flaws mentioned above, this would undoubtedly be an almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
