Sammo Hung's Encounters of the Spooky Kind, Chow Yun Fat, John Woo's iconic "A Better Tomorrow", "Zu Warriors" and the classic "Mr. Vampire" . Jackie Chan was having international success on video, but it was with 'A Chinese Ghost Story' that HK cinema had its first theatrical success in the West for many years. <br /> <br /> Western viewers had never seen anything like it. It was a film that took several ingredients that HK cinema had used for years (flying swordsman, wildly choreographed martial arts and supernatural) and mixed them to create a movie that was unique in its appearance, feel and execution. Forget the poor and unnecessary sequels you have generated, this is the original and the best. Director Siu-Tung Ching (still best known as an action choreographer in films like Woo's `A Better Tomorrow 2 '/' The Killer '), under the watchful eye of legendary producer Tsui Hark, has created a fantasy / horror film masterpiece. And with such a specialized team at his disposal (no less than 6 martial arts coordinators), the chances of the film being something beyond marvelous would be unthinkable. The edition of the incredibly prolific David Wu (who wrote Dirigi 'The Bride With White Hair 2' and edited classic titles like 'A Better Tomorrow 1/2/3', 'Hardboiled' and cult success 'The Club') is simply a work of genius. Their creation of high-flying, perfectly choreographed flying swords makes them some of the best that HK cinema has ever created. Fast, strange, but never confused, they are, still today, the pinnacle of their art. <br /> <br /> The filmmaking team also worked miracles. This is a film where every shot is a cleverly crafted painting. Where marvelous blue-tinted night sequences, shrouded in an ever-present ghostly fog, are the breathtaking platform for our unfolding story. It's a movie where everything is used to weave a dreamlike beauty. Even the silk dresses and dresses worn by Hsiao Tsing become living parts of the film, whether in romantic sequences or battle scenes, the ever-present silk flows through the screen. Even a simple scene in which Hsiao Tsing swaps vest is transformed into a thing of vibrant beauty, since all the abilities of the set combine to create a memorable scene from such a simple act. The scenarios are also astonishing, giving another mundane sense to the forests, and the temple and roughness to the devastated land of hell, marked by the flag, by the incredible end. The production project of Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest praise. <br /> <br /> Another great factor for the success of the films is the music of Romeo Diaz and James Wong. Hong Kong films gave us some fantastic songs and songs that contributed a lot to the success of a sequel, but in 'A Chinese Ghost Story' music is simply vital. From the opening song, music becomes as important as the characters. <br /> <br /> The score is a perfect blend of modern and traditional instruments. Drums, bells and guitars hit the action sequences with great effect, but it's in the slower, painfully romantic pieces she creates. On here; flutes, chords and choral effects create what are possibly the best songs heard in a HK movie. Add to that the incredibly beautiful female voice that touches on the love of Tsau-shen and Hsiao Tsing, (nothing is seen, but the effect is wonderful.That's love innocent movie romance) and you have a brilliant example of the power to music of a movie may have. <br /> <br /> And of course we have the acting talent. Leslie Cheung (`A Better Tomorrow 1 & 2 'and a very popular singer) is excellent as the innocent tax collector. His work on the comic (fortunately light) sequences is never exaggerated and his scenes with Joey Wang are played with the right amount of passion and innocence. Joey Wang (who later would be more relegated) Supporting roles in films like Chow Yun Fat / Andy Lau classic "God of Gamblers") never seemed more radiant than what she does here. She is the epitome of ethereal beauty. His portrayal of the tragic Hsiao Tsing is impressive. She shows her character sadness with what she has become and what she is made to do, but also emits a subtle eroticism in the scenes in which she is luring men to their horrifying deaths. The veteran actor Wu Ma ('Mr. Vampire', 'Swordsman') is a lot of fun as wise, brave, but always so moody, Yen. He steps a fine line between the eccentric and the boring with practiced ease. And what could so easily have been a character that could have harmed the film is actually wonderfully entertaining and memorable. <br /> <br /> But what about monsters and beasts? I hear you cry. Well, they range from the cruel but fun stop motion / animatronic zombies that inhabit the temple (resulting in a big gag with constantly frustrated attempts to chew the fun Tsau-shen), to the dark but surprisingly effective Lord Black. Complete with an arsenal of vicious flying heads and excellent wire work. Most of which, to this day, have never been surpassed. <br /> <br /> But the most striking effect and creation are the killer tongue of the trees spirit. We first found this thing with a hurried Evil Dead style camera effect as it lowers its victims' throats to deliver a lethal French kiss that transforms the victims into zombie shells. But then it is shown in all its crazy glory. It can grow so large and long that it shoots through the forest after prey, rips trees, wraps itself in buildings and wraps its slimy length around people before raising them and throwing them against tree trunks !! It may even open to reveal a mouth full of fangs! It is an outrageous idea that, given the deeply romantic main plot, should not work. But for a fantastic and unforgettable effect. <br /> <br /> So, all of this adds up to a classic example of making movies in Hong Kong. A real team effort that gave us a truly revolutionary movie. It's a movie full of intelligence, invention, action, monsters, martial arts, ghosts, fantastic ideas, lush visuals, beautiful music and more important to its enduring charm, one of the most moving cinemas in the novels.
