I saw this movie for the first time when it was broadcast around 1988 by the BBC when I was working in the UK's 2000AD. My friend Steve Parkhouse recorded on VHS and sent it to me. Up until that point, I had really only seen the Shaw Bros kung fu movies with their hard lighting (so the audience could see the movements clearly), so it was a revelation for me to see something that seemed to have been lit up by Ridley Scott leaving Hong Kong. This was also my first exposure to the films of Tsui Hark (pronounced, apparently, "Choy Huk"). <br /> <br /> Still, for all the ambitious and backlit special effects (Stop-motion? In a Hong Kong movie?) At the heart of Chinese GHOSTS story, there is a simple and moving love story made even more real by remarkable acting talent of Leslie Cheung (that tragic, tragic waste of life!) and the beauty and elegance of Joey Wong. Granted Joey is gorgeous, but it's his balletic hand gestures that give his character an unattainable eroticism that is difficult to analyze. And although Joey is almost 20 years older (wow, which one of us is not?), This will always be the long-lasting image of that actress. Some critics here have said that the film is simplistic and has no surprises but they are missing out on the fact that this movie was based on a famous Chinese story written by Pu Songling around 1700! It's a bit like complaining that Romeo and Juliet has a predictable ending and just copies the HISTORY OF THE WEST SIDE. (I just wanted to get it out of my chest!) <br /> <br /> For me, Chinese GHOST STORY is the romantic story par excellence. There is a lot of tragedy, because we know that Chio Sin and Sin Seen can never be together. It is about maturing, for none of us can mature until we have experienced a great loss. It is about sacrifice, for sacrifice is an essential component of True Love. And Wu Ma's comedy styles do not hurt either. <br /> <br /> Enjoy the Chinese GHOST STORY trying not to see it through a filter of Western culture and you will follow it well.
