I just saw this great parody of Good Night from the Night of the Living Dead, and I have to say it was so horrible and so tacky that it was excellent. This film incorporated all the antics and landscapes that the original had including the cemetery, the supposed abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. What I particularly love in this movie is the comic use of bread and all the common domestic enemies that the bread has a grudge against. Come on, we know toasters, toaster ovens and zip fasteners made bread in a dozen times and now we need to ask for your help to defeat the revived bread. In addition to cheap acting and storytelling, this horror short film is my favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than 1990's Undead Night. <br /> <br /> I think what does it A movie worthy of being seen is how writers and directors used the whole dialogue of the original film and turned it around bread, including how the bread was revived and avoiding the leftovers because they are especially dangerous. Another great reason why I love this movie is that, there is no exception as to what bread is evil, bagels are bad and even the communions are bad, which is demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a presenter and a monotonous priest. I think the actors are especially humorous performing the act of being viscously attacked by slices of bread (ie the car scene). I think the end is worth staying here. <br /> <br /> Although this is a short one and that "Night of the Dawn of the Son of the Daughter of the Return of the Remembrance of the Terror of the evil attack, mutant, alien, flesh eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Party 2: Shocking 2-D "is debatably another great parody, it is still commendable as a great parody of horror made by, what seems to be college filmmakers. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is able to make fun of Night of the Living Dead and still have respect for filmmakers. I would also recommend this movie to anyone who loves D-movies and horror parodies, it's just a small, wonderful horror movie that is fun to watch and learn.
