Joan Fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty that is totally unable to feel love for someone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his recklessness and his extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a small room with little or no perspective. They continue to wear the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing is wrong. He's a charming, irresponsible, but totally loving guy. However, Fontaine decides that he has to go, since he survived its usefulness. So she decides to poison him when he realizes that he does not want to divorce her so she can move on. Meanwhile, she had a lover (Patric Knowles) that she decides to quit because he is not rich either. She knows the aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. She targets him and decides that he will do well. He is very anxious to be devoured by the young beauty. It certainly is not very exciting and has as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those girls who only has eyes for money, and the man between her and her is transparent, so she does not even notice or care what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it . She begins to poison her husband and dispatches it very accurately and satisfactorily, so that everything goes well. But as it always happens in the movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension increases noticeably, so that Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is particularly good at seeming perverse and terrified, and when the net begins to close over her, her growing sense of despair is palpable and puts us on the banks of our seats. Hysteria and fear replace calculations and cunning. But she finds a kind of fall for her crime in the person of her lover, who is an innocent victim of his scheme to ride it. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the husband's death by poison came to light unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, playing a schooled inspector in Scotland, thinks there may be something wrong and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He approaches her, and some of the scenes, as it happens, are portraits inspired by the wilder panic. But will the life of the innocent man be saved before he is executed? Will Fontaine get out of this? Will Herbert Marshall protect you to safeguard your passion? This film is expertly directed by Sam Wood, and the film is a really superb suspense thriller which I suppose qualifies nicely for the description of a top noir film.
