The Sea is Watching was an interesting cinematic experience. First, the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic, and small. Each picture seemed to be a photograph of something inside, something very focused and not part of a bigger picture. It was obvious what we should see in each painting. The physicality of the whole itself contributed to this feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights along the middle of the road cut the road in half, and the little gate to the small village, followed by the tiny little cubicles that served as the establishments that made up what seemed to be the entire city. Even the view of the ocean was framed by a tiny landing in which one can count the number of longer lawns swaying in the wind. No panoramic views. In fact, I remembered the Montmarte sequence of the Moulin Rouge, where the camera focused on the windmill, again creating a sense of a small area where everything is happening. <br /> <br /> While acting was acceptable, I really could not discern how the lines were actually delivered; I felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and meaningless. Why would Kikuno continue to carry the path she made when Fusanosuke announced her impending marriage really did not seem true? people had not really changed that much, and the Kikuno character was so strong and resilient that even though they were busy with the O-shin business for nothing, the reaction seemed out of character and unnecessary and disturbing. Another example of odd performance was when Kikuno's drunken boyfriend appeared and Ryosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, the way he stood up and threateningly climbed the stairs and the fight that ensued outside between the reeds was simply unsatisfactory . Is not that what I like fighting scenes? au contraire ?? but it seemed a bit forced and again, overly dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, although not a beautiful movie to watch, it provided an interesting glimpse into the darker side of prostitution (as opposed to geisha). Unfortunately, it may have fueled our expectations of female devasas (the "dear" remark, I will give you a "backed-up" deal) and made me seriously doubt if nineteenth-century prostitutes really acted that way. . But once inside the house, the inner workings became more interesting, vivid and real, and provided a setting I never anticipated or imagined in my nineteenth-century romantic view of Japan.
