'Umi wa miteita' (The Sea is Watching) was Akira Kurasawa's supposed nightmare to film: his adaptation of the story of his favorite novelist Shugoro Yamamoto to a screenplay that he intended to film was his final mark that he left in a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays homage to Kurosawa and Yamamoto as he presents this visually impressive transformation from word to image. <br /> <br /> Located in 19th century Japan, the story explores the lives of women in a geisha house whose sole purpose in life is to make money by giving pleasure to men. The house is run by an older couple who are gentle and the geishas are a lovely group of women who know their craft and take pride in their careers. Each one has a reason to go back to geisha life. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family who lives in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has good and bad clients that she can sustain with her stories of superior caste. Oshin befriends a threatened samurai, falls in love with the gentle, only to find that he should not marry out of his caste and leaves his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised fiance. The heart of Oshin hurts easily, but is always supported emotionally and physically / monetarily by Kikuno and other geishas. <br /> <br /> A handsome samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters the life of Oshin and develops his first trusting and dedicated relationship with her. Kikuno is plagued by problems, deciding to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and deal with a rich but abusive client. All the time the sea is watching and when a typhoon destroys the house and geisha street, Oshin and Kikuno sit on top of the roof waiting for the rescue promised by Ryosuke. The way the story ends is one of sacrifice, love, and devotion. The sea is watching and will find protection for true love. Kazuo Okuhara's photograph is unbelievably beautiful: night scenes with bright lanterns and colorful interiors of geishas are combined with recurring calm and turbulent sea glimpses. . The acting is a bit tense for Edo art, but the characters are well-bred and keep the story credible. The only distraction that is definitely NOT something that Kurosawa would have tolerated is the tacky western music score that sounds like a cheap novel filler except for the isolated moments when the actual Japanese music on authentic instruments graces the trail. But in the end there is enough of Kurosawa's influence to imbue this movie with his dream-marvel brand that will always maintain its importance in world cinema. Grady Harp
