Oh, yes, the blockbuster of all the stars. Take a concept or so, put it in a script and load it with every special effect that the Wizards of Hollyweird can summon, and then bring together the usual suspects: hot up-and-comers, be-beens, Wanna be and never-wuzzes, and stick it all together in assorted roles of various sizes in front of the relentless eye of the cameras. And expect to see that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Let the bishops at the box office apply the concept to horror films, as was the case with the films. thriller post-EXORCISTA THE SENTINEL. Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try a unique set of scary (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in a New York sandstone building. The result was a controversial bestseller that some claim to be limited to the plagiaristic, equally controversial, star-heavy, co-written and directed by Michael Winner of DEATH WISH, but for many different reasons. > <br/> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays the model of success Alison Parker, who is very stressed and overworked (I will not add "overpoid." I mean, she's a model, so that would be redundant), not just for her agenda 24 hours a day, but also for her insistent, 'I want-to-get-married-right-now', boyfriend Michael (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic movie SOB.IG LIPSTICK). One of the ways she decides to get away from it all is to move to her own place; a big, beautiful brownstone in Manhattan that she can buy cheap, (which should have been the GREAT red flag - cheap real estate in New York!), from the mysterious broker Miss Logan (veteran of the Golden Age Ava Gardner, fresh from the storm drain in the EARTHQUAKE.) Things seem good at first, but oh, yes ... then comes the loud noises and thumps of the apartment upstairs at night. And about the REALLY strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a very precocious Beverly D'Angelo), the good "single friends" (read: lesbians) living together, and kindly the old Mr. Charles Chazen (a pretty scary) Burgess Meredith) who seems a little worried about Alison's well-being? And not to mention other lucky cohabitants (you'll never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake" again without wanting to laugh the milk through the nose and possibly vomit simultaneously). Especially the old blind priest who lives in the penthouse ... Things start to get worse when a nightmare full of Alison's apparitions turns into a ghastly murder (in one of the scares that more stain the panties of the film), and both Alison and Michael, with some help from Alison's best friend Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begin to put together the puzzle that reveals the dark origins of the brownstone, as well as the murderous agenda of its inhabitants of the other world , not to mention Alison's connection to them, which turns out to be nothing but coincidence. Although there is nothing controversial about the overstuffed cast, it seems to characterize all the actors from various genres looking for work at the time, (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balms, Eli Wallach, John Carradine and even the first appearances by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) Winner and company went back to the bombastic basics and drew a "Tod Browning" ... recruiting physically challenging real-life actors to appear at SENTINEL's climactic climax - everything and everyone goes to hell, which I think any brave director would do, finding herself unable to access Linda Blair and a case of green pea soup. It definitely leaves you with arctic toes touching your spinal cord like a zither, knowing this juicy little detail of information as you watch. And it presents a technique for which filmmakers have only begun to return very recently: live set makeup and special effects that do not involve computer graphics (which was virtually non-existent at the time). SENTINEL has that kitschy cheese factor of the late '70s, but it can distinguish itself from time to time with a few moments of panting induction like the one mentioned above, not to mention that cloying feeling of dread that horror writers find easy to play, insulation and things that will knock and scream at night. After all, what person who lived alone in the big city did not lie down on the bed in the dark and listened intently to the sounds of what they expected? "The building is settling in?" Konvitz accompanied THE SENTINEL with an inevitable continuation, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the supernatural suspense of William Friedkin), which was never adapted to the screen. = sigh of relief =
