Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political film, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but this seems more of a metaphor than reality. Well, almost everything in the movie seems metaphorical. The revolutionaries, whom we see and of whom we learn very little, may very well be mafiosi. Out with the old and the new. Andrea's father, a psychoanalyst, seems to represent the usual bourgeois traditional values ​​- morally correct, imperturbable, neat and organized, completely ritualized. Giullia, the girlfriend of a revolutionary, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs a lot of cause to support but is unable to muster the kind of devotion that such a commitment demands. (I'm guessing here.) Andrea, the teenage boy, seems to be the only guy in the movie who is not somehow disturbing upatz. He is respectful to his father, but disobedient too. He adores Giullia, or so we suppose, although he is not old enough to have learned to manage his reflexes optimally, but he leaves it to appear at school and complete his final exams. Their course between these contradictory lifestyles could be described as "media." He is the man in the middle, who knows the meaning of gradualism, who can remain calm while those around him are screaming. <br /> <br /> Most of this is summarized during the oral part of his finals when he is questioned. to translate and comment on a passage from "Antigone," which contrasts the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will. <br /> <br /> That brings us - by no particular course I am aware of - to Marushka Detmars. She remembers a New York cartoon from a few years ago. Two hippos are at the bottom of the river, looking at a gazelle drinking from the bank, and a hippopotamus tells the other, "I hate her." She's a good actress. (Let me get it out of the way.) But so is everyone in the movie. She carries with her, in her speech and manner, the rich glow of total madness. And everything comes from the actress too, not from the help of the director. Detmars is not crazy as Catherine DeNeuve was crazy in "Repulsion". The walls do not turn into rubber and grow hands. Instead, we see her lively - sometimes very lively. And she gives us shocking shocks when her mood changes abruptly and becomes threatening as an impending storm is threatening. A critic described her as sensual, but it's probably not the word he was looking for. She is unbelievably beautiful with her fluffy brown hair, her wide white smile ready, her impulsive giggles. And her eyes are like the eyes of the paintings on the walls of the ancient Egyptian tombs. The sensual parts are very erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we know the characters involved. (It's more interesting to spy on the honeymoon couple next door than to go to a fur film.) Actually, there is not much sex. There is only one simulated intercourse scene, but the director allows it to be displayed in what appears to be in real time. At least in real time for a boy of eighteen. <br /> <br /> The young man who plays Andrea is also well, which is necessary, because the film depends almost entirely on him and Giullia. They have to carry it and they do. If it were not for their performances, I'm not sure if it would be as interesting or as admirable as it is. It could easily have been turned into a rather slow and boring novel. <br /> <br /> It's worth it.
