This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from flawed production and a bustling and amateurish direction, but it is nevertheless strangely convincing. Contrary to shocking horror films, like The Exorcist, this movie takes the viewer to slowly and relentlessly dive into a pit of evil. It turns into horror, which dawns on the audience with the same dreamlike slowness that appears in the poor girl who was unwittingly chosen to be the next sentry. His assigned task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from entering the world. This falls upon her in atonement for her suicide attempt early in her life. <br /> <br /> The story is faithful to the book, which was fascinating, but the way it is edited can lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are eliminated and never explained satisfactorily, which harms this film. It is a pity. The Sentinel is not a kind of high-end film from your seat; it is more a clock and writhing uncomfortably. Like a bad car accident, there is a compulsion to look even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not all bad, and still has the ability to collide. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was captivating as Alison, the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack from both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as his affectionate but basically self-centered boyfriend. Eli Wallach and a young Christopher Walken are the detectives struggling to unravel the bizarre puzzles they have been given. Ava Gardner is smart as the real estate broker unaware of the hidden horrors on her rented property. The elderly, skeletal John Carradine, with his hands twisted by arthritis, is excellent as the sentry is dying and needs to be replaced. The devil is touched with enchanting perfection by Burgess Meredith; He is so sweet and so bad. There are future stars hidden in this film: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach playing successfully against the kind of television director. The damn souls at the end are portrayed by freaks and sideshow geeks. Whoever thought about doing this was a twisted, but brilliant genius. The horror that permeates the film bubbles unexpectedly, as when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a flashback of when she met her father. with her two whores. She relives her first suicide attempt, faces a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians and sees a cat being cut like a cake. Over and over again, she is pulled back and forth through reality and fantasy, through dreams and nightmares awake, all the time without the means to cope. In fact, the devil is trying to drive her crazy enough to kill herself before she becomes the next sentry. Will he succeed ...? In short, slow, but indescribably frightening, well-acted, but misdirected, and a typical 1970s horror film, before real shocks loosened. (No pun intended) This movie may not work for those with little attention, but it may still send chills in the spine, and may still provide some discrete shock value. It remains a strangely attractive and fun dive in the realm of evil.
