This is one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich and elegant production, with an excellent cast of actors, cinematography on the spot, an astonishing soundtrack, a clever new plot, and an atmosphere of dread and threat. It is reminiscent of classic films like ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, in which young and vulnerable women find themselves victimized by supernatural forces in ancient and sinister buildings with a macabre past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top New York model named Alison Parker. His happy and extroverted exterior masks a deeply troubled and disturbed soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that in her past she attempted suicide twice - once as a teenager after walking with her degenerate father jumping into bed with two women and causing him to tear a silver crucifix from her neck and throw him down. and for the second time after the wife of her husband married to the lawyer allegedly committed suicide for having discovered their case. Telling her boyfriend (played by a chubby SARANDON) that she needs to live alone for a year or more, she responds to a newspaper advertisement of a fully furnished and spacious one bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights building. This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace, next to the Brooklyn Heights Promenade, on Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and their apartments, paying the villagers for the inconvenience, of course. The real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems very interested in getting Alison to take the apartment - an interest that can not be explained only by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when it quickly reduces the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and on leaving the building with Miss. Logan notices an elderly man sitting and apparently looking at her from the topmost window. Miss Logan identifies the man as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's response is very logical - "Blind? So what does he look at?" After moving, Alison meets some of the other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who give Alison an uncomfortable reception. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to deteriorate and she is plagued by headaches and fainting. When she reports her concerns to Ms. Logan about his sleep being disturbed every night, sounding metal and footsteps coming from the apartment directly above her, she is stunned to learn that in addition to the blind priest and now herself, no one lived. in that building in the last three years. Summoning the courage of one night to confront her night tormentor, she grabs herself with a butcher's knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment upstairs. She is confronted by the ghastly specter of cancer from her dead father and uses the knife on him in self-defense when he comes after her. The police investigate and find no sign of violence in that apartment - no corpse, no blood, nothing. However, Alison fled the building and collapsed in the street, covered in blood - as she discovered. But there is no mark on it. What Alison does not realize until the end of the movie is that she's in that brownstone has a purpose. She was put there for a reason - a reason whose origin goes back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel, who was placed at his entrance to protect him from the Devil. She is being innocently prepared and prepared by the Catholic Church to take on a more important role - one that will ensure that her soul, convicted of her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who prove to be more than eccentric strangers, have a different agenda in mind for her. It is a competent and cleverly realized film, and that surprisingly portrays the Church and its representatives in a predominantly sympathetic light.
