I do not know why this little film was banished to obscurity, despite some idiocy; The Sentinel is an intelligent and inventive horror film that gives most of today's highly praised ghost stories more than a rush for their money. Michael Winner has often admitted that he is not the best director of all time, and this is evident on several occasions with this film; but it goes without saying that the film works despite its uninspired direction, and the fact that Winner has managed to muster a cast of simply incredible talents pays off. The plot is rich in mystery, and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her quest for an apartment. She thinks she can not afford most of the properties she looks at, but thinks her luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems begin soon after the move, since she does not like her neighbors much ... and this problem increases when the property broker tells her that she has only one neighbor; an elderly blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The list of castles is truly superb, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines leading a large supporting cast. Chris Sarandon is a bit of wood in his role opposite Raines, but small pieces for John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name but a handful more than make up for the lifeless portrait of Sarandon. Michael Winner does a good job with its central location as the apartment block provides a scary and macabre setting for the story. The movie is a little slow to start, but it's never boring; and the screenplay by Michael Winner provides a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar slow burning horrors, this is not for the money shot at the beginning - but unlike many, the end is a definitive climax as Winner does everything to shock the viewer, and if the rumor that he used real human weirdness is true; I have to say that he does a very good job at it! Overall, while this movie may be pure hokum anyway you look at it; The Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and it's definitely a big highlight for the director.
