Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land," but he is equally talented as a director of occult horror movies such as "The Sentinel" 1977 proof. "The Sentinel," which is based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, is a clever and immensely scary religious chiller that no Hidden Horror lover should consider lost. The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby," "The Exorcist," or "The Procrastination," but, as far as I'm concerned, it's also as disturbing as the most acclaimed and probably even more scary <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model from New York. Trapped by events in her past and still unwilling to marry her lawyer boyfriend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is in search of an apartment, and finds a great, incredibly good, which is also affordable in an old mansion in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes with a lot of other very strange renters. And the new sinister neighbors soon become more than a little uncomfortable for Alice ... This may not be a proper plot synopsis, but I'd hate to ruin any of the great moments in this movie, so I will not give any further description of the plot . What I will say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very scary and effective film that benefits from a great cast as well as an often bizarre and constantly mysterious atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly had its influence on the outcome. The film is imaginatively photographed, and the mysterious Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic setting for this kind of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is obscure and creepy, and the film also includes several moments of shock and genuine scares. The film features many sinister and eccentric characters, and the cast is excellent. Beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, lovely and still on the verge of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as his successful lawyer boyfriend, and the support cast includes many big names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before they become really famous. The cast also includes stars such as Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and, my favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective. I've been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, especially for such films as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great film in Winner's repertoire, and also proof that man is not only a master of vengeful revenge cinema, but also the hidden Horror of the atmosphere. All in all, "The Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent and surprisingly bizarre occult chiller that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
