The director / writer Michael Winner's feature film is an unexpected, better-than-expected supernatural horror film (although it's still being handled efficiently), which really goes unnoticed. Of course you can borrow ideas from other horror films with similar themes from this period but still manages to bring your own psychological impression to the material of the smoke screen (from good to evil) and a unique view that has a fair share of impressively expansive , if a little exploration sets. As a whole, it's weird, yet it remains intriguing to infuse a sinister charge without attacking the assailants. In fact, there is always something going on amidst its busy structure, but it is rather downward with its shocks directed to atmospheric soap and tailoring to its vividly repellent and gloomy climax with a pessimistic revelation. The winner's dressing ability may seem like a pedestrian, but is it the cast that really holds it together? while you try to identify the faces. There is plenty too. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is compromised, despite the ridiculously crude nature of it all. Beverly D'Angelo (in the same way), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (a great appearance), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in little parties. Then you have a smooth Chris Sarandon and beautifully Cristina Raines on the tracks. Offering capable support Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script plays around many characters, as well as notions, but gets disjointed when trying to squeeze all that. However, disorienting the air works to your advantage by establishing the suspicion and deception of what is really going on here. Is there a reason for all this and why are you surrounding Raines' character? The emphasis is mostly built on this temperamental angle as she slowly illuminates her inner movements and the strange / disturbing experiences she encounters when moving to her new apartment. It is here that Winner tries to take away the mysterious tones, which projects some icy moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the great and irresistible orchestral score that never misses a suggestion and Richard C. Kratina instrumentalizes the sweeping telescope-like photograph.
