Sigh?? I honestly wonder why all the acclaimed and supposedly deep movie critics hold such a grudge against director Michael Winner? Certainly he is not the avatar of subtlety, since his films are practically always difficult to face and confronted, but so what? They are incredibly fun. His most famous action films, such as the first three films in the "Death Wish" series, are easy targets to defeat because they claim to glorify violence and personal use of shotguns, but even when Winner takes on much more cinema mature genres such as the religious horrors of "The Sentinel", for example? he has no chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" generated some controversy and infuriated several people after its release when it leaked that Michael Winner featured genuinely malformed and disabled people to portray the creatures trying to cross the portals between hell and earth. Just about the same controversy made Todd's masterpiece and Browning's landmark horror movie "Freaks" remain banned and invisible for over thirty years! It's because? Just because certain prudish and easily offended people, who should not watch the movie in the first place, claim it's an unethical thing to do? I do not suppose that Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people in the sights of a gun or forced them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to feel ashamed instead? Another important reason why critics have not warmly received "The Sentinel" is because Jeffrey Konvitz's novel? and, therefore, the script of Michael Winner? is immensely derived from other contemporary religious histories, but much more successful, and therefore, according to the merciless pens of horror critics, little more than pure plagiarism. It's true that "The Sentinel" lends several substantial elements of "Baby Rosemary," "The Omen," and "The Exorcist," but let's face it, 1970s cinema largely thrives on stolen formulas and imitating success stories . If you ignore the unoriginal concept and, in all fairness, a handful of completely confused and unnecessary subplots, "The Sentinel" honestly remains an exceptionally atmospheric and often utterly terrifying horror from the '70s with an impressive cast and images of Nightmare Alison Parker, a ravishing model with some unprocessed mental traumas, moves into a stunning apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the wishes of her boyfriend Michael, who proposed to marry her. several times already. Alison's physical existence and especially her mental condition change drastically shortly after, and the sinister apartment seems to be the root of all misery. She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for her cats, even though the landlady claims she and a blind priest are the only tenants. She often faints during her work assignments and has truly frightening visions of her bastard father and the night she tried to commit suicide. Little by little it is clear that Alison was chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose within this building, but at the same time evil forces try to prevent it. It's really unfortunate how the promotional slogans and even the brief synopses on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's Brownstone apartment is the earth's gateway to hell itself and she's the one chosen to keep it, because the script for the movie slowly accumulating revelation. For almost 75 minutes (and over some sadly boring and excessively long sequences) Michael Winner successfully maintains the impression that Alison's mind is preaching plays in her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her fiancee are strictly reduced. Multiple horrible scenes come close to being cool, like Alison's flashback or her first contact with the priest upstairs. All the climax, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned above, is a literally disconcerting showcase of sheer terror and easily one of the most unforgettable and cutting edge I have ever witnessed. The cast Michael Winner has managed to get together is deeply impressive, especially considering that "The Sentinel" still remains a legitimate horror film and this genre is not the most popular among the prominent actors, but of course that you also have to put the cast list a bit in perspective. With such an extended cast, obviously several of the roles in the film are little more than appearances. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, only appear on the screen for a few minutes. Several others (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) may add a lot of fame to the film nowadays, but when it was released they were still far too unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for the best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as the mysterious neighbor and Eli Wallach as the satirical police inspector. The relatively unknown Cristina Raines does an admirable job carrying the film, and Chris Sarandon picks it up, although he has a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully fun and scary horror film, and definitely a must-see for TRUE fans.
