This is the first part of a two-part story about the conflict between machines and humanity in the Matrix world and offers spectacularly combining observations on the fear of the unknown and being usurped with politics, extensive religious and historical images, subverting expected portraits of the parties and a vision that is at least partially credible and therefore terrifying in the near future. is not perfect and some tangles and images are both obvious and invented, but have the desired effect and impact and tell a visceral and cautious story. <br /> <br /> This first part defines the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoids, to serve people who do manual, unskilled, manual labor, construction, and so on. and thus the population became lazy and derogatory towards them. a robot, however, rebels and kills its owner, stating in its subsequent judgment that he simply did not want to die. it is destroyed, but when the destruction of the robotic masses is ordered to protect humanity, many robots stand up in protest, with many human sympathizers beside them. <br /> <br /> the images here are exploitative, counting racial riots and abuses, square Tiananmen, the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girlish appearance being tormented, hammered to the head and then shot to death while begging "I am real". It's on the floor, clothes and torn skin and breasts hanging. is an obvious and obscene image designed to expose human fear toward uncontrolled elements and aggression to groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this first part is very much like a compressed version of the movie I Robot, but soon develops into a recognizable Matrix background story as the contingent of surviving robot is exiled and gathers in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization as the narrator informs us. there, machines regroup and begin to produce new AIs and fabricate mass technology and market them with human nations. we see a commercial for a car that uses the circular power engines that the rebel ships in the movies use and we see sentry-type robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their goods and trade make their economy skyrocket affecting other economies in a damaging way and governments and human authorities set a deadlock in response. the machines send ambassadors in the form of similarities of Adam and Eve to a UN congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade but are forcibly removed and the scenario is ready for war in the second part. <br /> <br /> Animation is done by Studio 4 ° C, which works on some of the Animatrix and is evocative and visually stimulating, reproducing different scenes such as montages of images, CCTV scenes and particular scenes of importing distinctive and presenting the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept and may be based on simplistic mindsets of sheep and plot models and resort to provocative material of impact, but after the tempting mystery offered by the first film and the short unforeseen short of Morpheus this is a good exhibition of the cataclysmic events that have left the world devastated and in the hands of the machines that serve as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice, expanded themes in cinema.
