Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a successful model living with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in her apartment. She tried to commit suicide twice in the past: the first time, when she was a teenager, she saw her father betraying his mother with two women in his house and then when Michael's wife died. Since then, she has left Christ and the Catholic Church behind. Alison wants to live alone in her own apartment and with the help of real estate agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner), she finds a wonderful furnished apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rent. She sees a strange man in the window on the top floor of the building, and Miss. Logan informs that he is Father Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), a blind priest who lives alone and supported by the Catholic Church. Alison moves to her new place and once there receives a visitor: her neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and introduces the new neighbors to her. So he invites Alison to the birthday party of her cat Jezebel in the evening. The next day, strange things happen to Alison in her apartment and with her health. Alison is looking for Miss. Logan is informed that she lives alone with the priest in the building. Further investigation shows that all the people she knew in the group were dead criminals. Frightened by the situation, Alison embraces Christ again, while Michael investigates the scary events. Alison realizes she's living at the doorway to hell. <br /> <br /> Although underestimated in IMDb user ratings, 'The Sentinel' is one of the best horror movies ever. I've seen this movie at least six times, being the first time in the 70's in the movies. On September 7, 2002, I bought the imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie one more time. Even after so many years, this movie is still fantastic. Sinister and sinister history frightens even today. The cast is a constellation of stars and stars. You can see many actors and actresses who became famous early in the career. Fans of the horror movie certainly love The Sentinel, and I am one of them. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): 'The Sentinel of the Damned'. <br /> <br /> Note: On September 2, 2007, I saw this movie again.
