This was the first thing that came to my mind when I watched the final credits for Europe do on the other side of the screen, I have never seen a film of such technical genius in all my life, the visuals of Europe are so impressive that any film that I watch at your wake will only pale in comparison, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott's Hollywood cinematography, Europe has more ethereal beauty than anything these two could evoke in a million years. Now I would be the first to call Lars von Trier a genius in the back of his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europe has gone unnoticed by movie experts for so long. is a crime against the cinema, while junk overrated like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful clean up the awards of the academy (but what they know) Is Europe hidden, without video stores and (until recently) no British TV? channels. <br /> <br /> The visuals in Europe are not the brightness of MTV; it is not a case of style over substance, it is more a case of substance that dictates style. Much like his first film The Element of Crime, von Trier uses the perspective of the main character to draw us into his world, and much like Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, we the public) being hypnotized. As we traverse the tracks, the voice of the Narrator (Max von Sydow) leads us to a deep sleep, until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three filmmakers to pay with the conventions of time and images, there are many scenes in Europe when a character in the background, which is in black and white, will interact with a person in the foreground who will be colored. , von Trier is trying to show us how much precedence the colored item or person has over the plot, for example, it is no surprise that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-marc Barr) is colorful, since he is the only character who has actions have superiority over the film. The performances are good, they may not be at the same level as von Trier's later film appearances, but that's only because the images are sometimes so disturbing that you do not get them the first time around . But I would like to highlight the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by the two opposing sides until it erupts in the final act of the film. Once again, as the Element of Crime, the film ends with our hero unable to wake up from his nightmare state, left in this terrible place, with only von Sydow's continuous narration to seal his fate. Europe is a tremendous film, and I can not help but think how embarrassing that von Trier had abandoned this mode of filming, since he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors working at that time, Europe, much like the rest of his cinematographic cannon. is filled with a wealth of iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and mise-en-scene is unparalleled, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But since his no-frills melodramas turned out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, so who can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
