2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually linked to the movie's plot. Also released a DVD with 9 short animation, most written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The Second Rebirth is done as a historical archive. It tells how humans made machines in their likeness. Humans live the high life, while the machines are the grunts, the workers of society, the second class citizens. In the year 2090, a machine, the BI-66ER was tried for murder, after killing its owners who wanted to deactivate it. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start all over the world. The governments of the world have the machines dismantled. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines the human nations, forcing them into an economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and reject requests for peace machines, therefore, it was the humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting watch with excellent traditional animation style and defines an attractive world. It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of its own destruction. There is a political and social world and the short says a lot in a short time. The short shares themes and style for the classic silent film Metropolis, in part the beginning with the underworld. They are the themes of slavery, the mistreatment of the working class and racism. The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Especially men saw themselves as God and created machines in their own likeness. Seeing themselves as the legitimate masters of machines. The machines also use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in the 'cradle of human civilization' and the machines that arrive at the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The joint projects are great, combine futuristic with historical cities, for example. Washington D.C. There is a far-off future scene and an astonishing violence that is critical to the film. Director Mahiro Maeda also directed the anime sequel to Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good credentials for Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to keep a story going. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is a continuity error of the first Matrix movie because Morpheus mentions that humans have no historical records or know who started the war. But it's a good watch.
