Prisons are not exactly known for their hospitality and their "happy vibes," with stories of fights, chaos, murders and, of course, extreme male attachments! But the arrest in this movie is a different beast. Are horror movies set in cells, as you probably know, nothing particularly new, as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape? two of the biggest horror film themes. With examples such as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the entire genre Women In Prison, another entry in this niche has to be something inventive and a lot of fun to boot to be recognized. Or at least that's what you'd think. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it's a little pity that it's not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film, in short, focuses on an old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. However, they are not only internal companions and guards that the prisoners have to fear, but also a petty ghost spirit with only one thing in mind; death! And boy, are we dealing with some awesome death scenes! I will not ruin anything here for you, but there are many groundbreaking and enjoyable murders, all made by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to special effects and assassinations, this film also has something else; is cast. Headlining, we have the star of Sir Jackson of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003), Viggo Mortensen (and for all those biased, yes, he gets naked), whose performance is not only highly credible, but is done with such skill that Your character from Eastwood-Esquire is bad and affable (a very delicate blend). Add it to a cast of 'ei-wait-a-minute-I-know-what-face' actors and you'll have a great set of stars. The characters, however, lack tridimensionality and, most of the time, are very stereotyped. We have a black optician, a tough jailer, a human rights activist, and many other action figures. But in all honesty, this "failure" really helps the movie. Instead of developing a boring character in a balance too long, we are more or less straightforward, and once started (too early), is not there a single scene that is a filler? is balls for the plot of the wall. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the slasher genre, this is rather a convention in itself, and in the tradition of the good old genre, PRISON punishes those who have been evil. <br /> <br /> In short, this is a great little horror. film and one that is sadly neglected and not mentioned among the world of terror. With a great cast and great special effects and very original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended for horror fans. Do not kid yourself thinking it will also be a short film, just because it was made in the US in the '80s, is far from tacky (although the end itself ends) and at the same time far from being brave and realistic solve issues like rape in prison, these are done subtly). <br /> I give him 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very fun horror movie with some very nice touches.
