Prison is often not raised during talks about the best horror films of the 1980s, and there is a good reason why it is not one of the best ... but as you go through the classic movies that the decade had for certainly among the best of the smaller / lesser known films. The movie has some connection with blockbusters; to begin with, is an initial direction effort for Renny Harlin; the capable director behind a series of action movies including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and secondly, we have a starring role for Lord of the Rings star Viggo Mortensen. The film is not exactly original, but the plot is interesting. We focused on a prison that was reopened after several years. This was the prison where a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to the electric chair after being framed by the prison governor. Of course, the spirit of the dead man is not resting in peace; and when the old execution room is reopened, the spirit of the dead condemned escapes by revenge. <br /> <br /> The film is not exactly The Shawshank Redemption, but it worries in building its various characters and while the main point of the film is always the horror, the drama of the prison behind everything makes for an interesting basis. This is a good job as well, because beyond the basic premise, the film does not really have a 'plot' from which we depend solely on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting. The horror presented in the film is sometimes grotesque but never overdone, which may be the reason why this movie is rarely remembered, being released in a decade of excess. The murders themselves are quite good and imaginative, however, and provide some important highlights. As the film continues, we begin to delve deeper into the ghost story of the vengeful damned, and while it's quite interesting, a few things about it make no sense and drag the film down a bit. Still, it all boils down to an exciting climax and overall I have to say that Prison is a movie worth tracking down.
