What we have here is a compelling piece of low budget horror with a relatively original premise, a cast that is filled with familiar faces and one of the most compelling locations in the history of horror movies. So could anyone tell me why this movie is so underrated? "Prison" is the American debut of Finnish director Harlin, who still counts as his best effort, despite making such blockbuster hits as Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea. The story takes place entirely in an old and disorganized prison in Wyoming, reopened by the cause of overpopulation in other, more modern state penitentiaries. Within the ancient execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair still lingers around. The now promoted director Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was already there 40 years ago when this innocent man was sentenced to death, and the spirit still remembers its vile role in unfair trial. It looks like the time for revenge has finally come. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief who has to avoid an even larger body count and Chelsea Field is the human social worker who slowly unravels the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains more than half a dozen memorable. Gore sequences but it is the unbearably tense atmosphere that will stay with you for sure! Unlike any other horror image from that decade, "Prison" presents an incredible sense of realism! By that, I mean the authentic setting and the climate inside prison walls, of course, not the supernatural murders being committed ... even if they are genuinely disturbing as well. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and harsh prison drama sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The best moment of terror (giving me nightmares since I saw it at a very early age) focuses on a grisly death involving barbed wire. Haunt !! The script only suffers a flaw, but this is common ... almost inevitable, I think: clichés! The story features almost every possible stereotype in a prison environment. We have the ugly and fat pervert with his 'cute' toy, the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ?? naturally? The clever old cheater who serves a lifetime (did I hear someone shout the name of Morgan Freeman?). Do not be blind about these clichés is my advice, for there are so many other elements to admire. The picture is dark and damp, the mystery is kept for a long time, and the supporting roles of the Class B actors are excellent (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal terror icon Kane Hodder). Forget the terrible attempt by Wes Craven, "Shocker," or the pathetic cheese movie "the Chair." This is the only prison chiller worth tracking down! Especially considering the popularity of Viggo Mortensen nowadays (I've heard he starred in a hit franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fairy creatures ...) this true horror gem of the 80s should receive an urgent DVD-release !
