I took a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and chose a film, based on box art, I thought it would be fun and, yes, bad. The prison had that extravagant look of the '80s in that whole box. I sat and watched and behold! and here we find that sometimes we actually sit in a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Luckily, I reversed mine quickly and soon realized that I was sitting not just for a good movie, but a good movie altogether. The arrest tells the story of an old ruined prison being reopened to save budget concerns. It seems scary as everything empty and full of prisoners. The prison used as a backdrop is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story that uses the prison as its central setting tells in a prologue of a man being killed by the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - plucking a Crucifix before sending man to his Creator. Next, we go to the present day, first with a government board in a meeting that decides to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to ensure that the conditions are acceptable, as she campaigned vigorously against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see the new director, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison he had not been for years. Well, the rest follows the example: prisoners and guards arrive with many stereotypes in abundance. We are given some depth of character and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. The acting is better than one might expect with Lane Smith doing as always a professional job. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane actually exploring the boundaries of their stereotyped characters. Chelsea Field is well as a female leader. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated actor, like Cresus - a prisoner who had been in that same prison years ago, when the "man" had been executed "with some sort of terrible secret. to sliced ​​bread or anything like that, but definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect of it. I was pleasantly surprised at the way director Renny Harlin created such a visually pleasing story. There are some overly babbled scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a little more than all the tubes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting - evenly decent.The script, in fact, is much more cohesive which is usually obtained in movies like this, which can be credited in part to Irwin Yablans, who wrote the story. You may remember that he had the idea of ​​becoming air the scary Halloween. Here he makes incarceration much more frightening than it already is. Take a break to the jail (take it).
