'The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie' began life as a satirical comic strip in 'Private Eye', written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea by Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" for his friends) is a skinny and noisy Australian whose two main interests in life are sex (though he never had any) and Foster lager. In 1972, he found his way to the big screen for the first of the two rides. It must have been tempting for Humphries to perform as "Bazza," but he wisely left the job to Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme for the television soap opera "Neighbors"!). Humphries, instead, played many roles in the true fashion of Peter Sellers, most notably the arrogant Aunt 'Edna Everage' of Bazza (that was before she became a lady). <br /> <br /> You know this is not going to be 'The Importance of Being Ernest' when your NPA censorship rating means 'No Poofters Allowed'. Bazza, who hates Pom, is informed by a Sydney lawyer that to inherit a part of his father's will, he must go to England to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna in tow, he takes a Quantas flight to Hong Kong and then to London. A super-efficient customs officer makes Bazza pay import taxes on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of Foster lager tubes. As he says: "When it comes to stealing you, the Poms have an advantage over the gyppos!". A skilled taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then to Scotland. The streets of London are filthy, and your hotel is a hovel run by a decadent landlord (Spike Milligan) who makes Bazza put pound notes on the electricity meter every twenty minutes. There is good news for our hero; he meets up with other Australians at Earls Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comic escapades that lead Bazza to star in his own cigarette commercial, putting curry down his pants in the belief that it is some form of aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as a high-class pervert who loves being beaten wearing a school uniform, a Young Conservative dance at Rickmansworth for a charity concert where his song about "vomiting" almost makes him an international star, and finally to the BBC TV Center, where he pulls his pants down on a live talk-show hosted by the own crumpet of the thinking man, Joan Bakewell. A fire erupts, and Bazza's friends come to the rescue - dropping Foster's cans, they urinate in the flames en masse. <br /> <br /> This is a long way from Bruce Beresford's later work - Breaker Morant and Driving Miss Daisy. At the launch, it was criticized by critics for being very "vulgar". Well, yes, it is, but it's also great non-P.C. Fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but his taste for life is unmistakable, you can not help liking the guy. His various euphemisms for urinating ('Percy in porcelain') and vomiting ('the yawning of Technicolor') passed into English without many people knowing where they came from. Other guests include Dick Bentley (as a detective pursuing Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later starring in 'Rock Follies'), and even future art presenter Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> A sequel - The wonderfully named 'Barry McKenzie Holds His Own' came out two years later. In his debut, Humphries seized the opportunity to blow up the critics who had criticized the first film. Good for him. What must have been a bigger concern to him, however, was the release of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. He also featured a skinny Aussie, in a hat, struggling to come to an agreement. with a foreign culture. And made tons more money. <br /> <br /> The music of the final credits (played by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is magnificent. You have a love letter that includes the line: "If you want to send your sister in a frenzy, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!". Time to complete this review. I have to go to asshole to shake hands of the unemployed ...
