There's a lot of comic material and Modesty Blaise novels that would be great in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts were made and they fell short of the great potential of the character. So, no, this is not the modesty you know about the comic book (currently reprinted in legal editions of Titan Books). This is Modesty about 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and from what you can add to your story, you have to. <br /> <br /> Miramax had the movie rights to the character, with Quentin Tarantino acting as a lawyer and technical consultant. The first drafts of the Miramax project tried to adapt one of the best novels, but they always managed to leave out some crucial element. Tarantino was not satisfied with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project so they could proceed. To the credit of the studio, they wanted to keep him in the process, since they knew he "got" the character and her world. With film rights about to expire, they decided to try a very different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty," a short straight-to-video movie that features the character. <br /> <br /> The film does not feature Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important to Blaise's adventures during most of the published stories. What this movie does is show the strength of the character by itself. She never loses her composure, and you never doubt she's in charge, even unarmed in a room full of gangsters with guns. Most of the film happens inside a casino, which undoubtedly saved money on production. Does not matter. The movie does not look so cheap. Instead, it gives a rather comprehensive (and believable) background story to the character and demonstrates how far she thinks about the future. If Miramax adapts any of the comic books or novels now, they have explained well the history of the character and will not have to spend much time with their "origin." I realize that the words "Direct-to-Video" do not inspire confidence, but this movie is well worth it.
