Synopsis short <br /> <br /> This movie opens with soldiers being released from the company of men. One of them chases another with a strange scheme that the other repeatedly refuses. Later, both are trapped in an office building in which they want to break a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful play and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during jokes they lose all drinkable liquids, so it's really serious). With torsos exposed, well built and well lubricated, they enter a wall and finally manage to escape ?? only to find out that they were betrayed and raised by women. One is caught, the other remains free and is not donated by his companion. One last meeting, one last light for a cigarette, goodbye l'ami, goodbye, my friend. <br /> <br /> I found it hard not to see armed gays in the two main characters, played by classic superstars of he-man Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to each other, their treatment of women is abhorrent and marked by contempt everywhere. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic resonance, a bit like Liberation. It is also very elegant. The safe that the two men want to break is in one ?? for the time ?? Ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It is the headquarters of an advertising company, so there are many extravagant posters and wall coverings around. The wardrobe is also very good. The super-stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and stylish car of all time) features great in this film? perhaps a subtle kind of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie just for the actor's performances. Delon and Bronson are really sharing the top billing in a way that seemed very fair and sporting. Both do a considerable amount of acrobatics. I've never seen Bronson better than here, he really acts - and speaks French everywhere, with a very strong accent. And it is certainly the man we hear. (So ​​the French version is highly recommended). The police inspector chasing them is represented by one of my favorite Franch actors, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He's the best smart police inspector I know. Also very good is former child actress Brigitte Fossey as the naive young woman who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems for the first time. <br /> <br /> Anyone waiting for the "input and output". For those who have a little patience, this will be a rewarding experience, full of original and original ideas and quirks of direction, although it is a bit brutal and too sadistic for its own good.
