Totally tactical, weird (stay tuned to the perverted moment of a gorgeous blonde who acts like a rope doll for some rich people), useless, but certainly attractive end-of-the-night feature. This unbalanced French production is a stew of bewildered and unfocused ideas, and illustrations of random plots centered on its very charismatic stars (if somewhat anti-heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They really can not do that much, especially during the confined and long section where they hide in a building during the Christmas holidays to break a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But that's when the strange, though intriguing, relationship is formed between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After a manipulative battle of wills (and childish play against each other), the two come to an understanding that sees them honor each other's involvement and have mutual respect. This would continue to play an additional role in the second half of history with that undetectable curved ball. Still, their meetings soon suggest there is more, but what we get is vague and this is magnified by, "What happened there?" ending this can make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Glad to get it out of the system. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is terribly slow, but placidly measured by it and this seems purposely done to exhaust with its nervous and nervous tension. See how the same process is repeated several times, and you know something is not right and the scheme eventually comes into play. Now everything that happens seems very spontaneous, but the reward of the climax is astounding. The complex and tense script is probably a bit sneaky for its own good, but there are some novelties (Coins, glass and liquids do not try to pour) and visual symbolism. The direction of Jean Herman is efficiently sophisticated and discreet, but it is a little artificial and infuses a chilly and unpleasant atmosphere. The FX sound features more as a powerful note, than the funky note of Francois DeRoubaix, which is mostly kept under its crackling opening. Top drawers Delon (which is quite steel) and Bronson (a jovial turn) are solid, and work out every tremendous. Bernard Fresson describes the attitude of the inspector, who knows that there is more going on than what is being conducted. An attractive female cast is supported by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> An enigmatic, but unguided police drama, kept by its two clues and some bizarre inclusions.
