This is the first film of Jean Renoir Silent that I watched and maybe rightly, since it is generally considered the best of it, besides being also his first great work. Overall, it is in fact a very safe and technically accomplished film that belies the fact that it was only Renoir's second work. For the director's fans, it's full of interesting hints about Renoir's upcoming films, especially THE DIAMOND OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in his depiction of a low-class femme fatale madly wanted by several aristocrats who are disgraced to her - but also THE RULES OF THE GAME (1939) - showing how in a sequence how turbulent servants behave when their owners' backs away from them - and CANCAN FRENCH (1955) - Nana is seen having a chance at scandalous dancing at one point. Personally I would say that the film makes a respectable piece for Pabst's BOX PANDORA (1928), THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) by Josef von Sternberg and LOLA MONTES (1955) by Max Ophuls in his vivid re-creation of the sordid life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> All that said, the film was a resounding critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "mad venture" as Renoir himself later referred in his memoirs that, in addition to personally cost- (he eventually relieved the resulting financial burden by selling some paintings of his late father), but almost made him give up the movie forever! Stylistically, NANA is quite different from Renoir's sound work and has a particular debt to Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), a film that Renoir greatly admired - and, on a personal note, that I really should revisit presently (with Kino DVD of him and the other von Stroheims for 4 years now). Anyway, NANA certainly is not without its faults: a deliberate rhythm is made during the exceedingly generous time of 130 minutes with some sequences (the horse race around the particular midpoint) happening for a long time. The over-polite style of acting on display is also hard to come by - particularly Georges Hugon (one of his many suitors) from Catherine Hessling, Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain ... although technically, they are being her characters, ie a bad actress (which leads to the courtesan lifestyle when she is booed off the stage) and a weak weak respectively. However, as Anna Magnani in The Gold Coach, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the time, by the way) is not attractive enough to be very convincing as "the epitome of elegance" (as another admirer describes her in one stage) who is capable of enslaving all the men she knows. Other notables in the cast are "Dr. Caligari himself, Werner Krauss (as the most fervent devotee of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (initially skeptical, but eventually tragic suitor of Nana), and future director Claude Autant-Lara (named Claude Moore and also as art director here ) as an intimate friend of Muffat, but who is secretly in love with the latter's neglected wife! The impression I've seen - through the Lionsgate 3-Disc Collector's Edition Jean Renoir - is, for the most part, a beautifully restored and beautifully colored image that was previously only available on French DVDs. Relying on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), it can not fail to be brought to the screen several times and the two most notable film versions are by Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and I Own on VHS) and Christian-Jack in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, which I'm not familiar with).
