I adore this movie I totally disagree with some (negative) reviews I read over the years. This was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a great time with his part as Chandler Jarrell and he should never care what the critics say, if he had fun doing it ?? and most of your audience liked it! And it was fun to watch, combining a great fantasy tension with the great comic style of Murphy. Do you have to keep in mind that 'Golden Child' is a fantasy film? just an imaginative work of magic and wonder in the midst of the 'real' world. During the time this movie was released, I was working at a video store. This was one of the most popular among all our customers. Every time, we put this on our monitor, ALL the copies we had came out quickly with waiting list requests that kept her in line for months! Everyone who rented loved it! I was the resident film critic and all my regular customers asked for my opinion before they were rented ?? This was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my customers so I highly recommended this to most of them. Do I really feel like this movie is a Sleeper ?? could not have done very well at the box office? due to very poor marketing? but hit high on the rental market and buying videos later! (Yes, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I adored the boy who played the 'Golden Child'? J. L. Reate - but after looking at his profile on IMDb, I noticed that he never made more movies. This is sad because he definitely had an aura on the screen and could continue with a career in film. I also loved Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (I loved him on his part as 'Egg Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' - 1986). Anyway, this was a great movie. The only disadvantages that did not seem to fit the theme were some of the parts that got a bit more "adult" in nature? such as Chandler's sexual remarks about the snake that was presented to him as a silhouette. It was funny, but it was still out of sync. Ok, so there were some suggestible free scenes ?? those were put to the mentality of the day, perhaps. This was still a kind of adventure and escapism movie that we need today to get away from all the hard core reality and the depressing fluff with which we are stricken from Hollywood. Now this is entertainment!
