I always feel weird and guilty saying this (because I'm a well-educated non-teenager), but I actually kind of like the Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they make even though I've never really been public- target. "When in Rome" was a traditional film by Mary-Kate and Ashley, complete with overseas travel, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as a "B" plot, fashion orientation and even the credit joke. I had fun. "When in Rome" and Olsen's other twin films never pretend to be something they are not; most of the time, they only debuted on video, and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "An Affair to Remember." My point is, the people who watch this movie and expect it to be something different from another Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> That said, those who are fans of the Olsen twins will really have fun. For those of us who've watched them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really great to see them growing into more mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographical information, as well as many of his other films (remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and the visit to the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?) As well as providing good and clean fun be appreciated by the whole family. As long as I still feel like I'm on my palanque, and as long as I can make it relevant to the film, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins: to be Olsen's twin fan, you do not have to be a California pre-teen "valley girl." In fact, this is not the target audience. If it were, the MK & A line of clothing and accessories would be passed by the Gap or some store like that, not Wal-Mart. "While in Rome," while presenting "high fashion" and travel to the world and two girls from a valley in Cali, is not really that ... it's more a matter of inspiring young girls who have the initiative to let them take them locations. If that means putting the movie in some glamorous foreign city with pretty faces on motorcycles, so be it. This is called marketing - you get an idea and sell it by making it attractive. At least they're sending out a good message, even if the media seems a bit shallow. <br /> <br /> Basically, do not hit the movie until you've seen it, and then do not beat it until you try to understand what the Olsen twins do: they encourage girls to be creative, intuitive young women, and motivated. This movie does it, I think, just like the others. Kids - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
