This well-designed and carefully researched documentary describes the terrifying case of the Chagos Islanders, who between 1969 and 1971 were forcibly deported from their homeland through the collusion of the British and American governments. Anglo-American policy makers chose to do so because of their perception that the islands would strategically be vital bases for controlling the Indian Ocean through the projection of air and naval power. At a time during the Cold War, when most of the newly independent postcolonial states moved away from the western orbit, British and American officials appear to have thought that allowing islanders to decide island fate was not a viable option. Instead, they opted to carry out the wholesale forced removal of the native population. The film shows that no provision was made to the islanders at the time of their expulsion, and that from the Mauritian docks, where they were left, the displaced Chagossian community fell into three decades of deprivation, and in these new circumstances, plagued by homesickness . , they suffered substantially accelerated death rates. <br /> <br /> After the passage of more than three decades, however, in recent months (and years) after the release of many extremely condemned documents from the Public Record Office of Great Britain (it is suspected that there has been some error, and these documents should not have been made public), legal appeals resulting from the Chagoss community in exile have seen British courts consistently find themselves in favor of the islanders and against the British state. As such, the surprising and disturbing conclusions drawn in the film can only reasonably be seen as proven. However, the governments of Britain and the United States so far have not pledged to return the islands to what the courts have definitively concluded are the legitimate inhabitants. This is a very interesting film for anyone to see, but it is an important film for the British and Americans to watch. To be silent in the face of these facts is to be an accomplice to a totally ugly crime.
