Fighting the death penalty is a just cause. Everyone who is are in Europe would think so. In the USA, everything is different. The film seems to demonstrate at a first stage that justice can be obtained against the racist and intolerant death penalty that aimed at American justice. A young man is released from death row thanks to a law professor who has returned to defense counseling for this particular case. But the movie has a sequel. Justice in America is entirely governed by the goal of revenge. The abortion of justice is the same as that governed by revenge. A local prosecutor has a young man accused of false accusations. The prosecutor leaves the charges after a while and the young man is released. But he loses his scholarship and is castrated by some vindictive people, for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears to get his revenge. But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs that are more mental than hormonal, but even stronger because mental and not more hormonal, and he can only do it with little girls. He apparently associates with another serial killer who is after the same type of prey. One day, local police follow their intuition, guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the murder of a young girl, and they arrest the young man we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing but blows and blows and phone books, weapons and Russian roulette. He confesses. Sent to the death row, he asks his grandmother to pick up the law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of the Attorney General's representative, who has falsely prosecuted him for a few years and revenge is on the rails. It will fail, but it shows that as soon as someone in the line of justice, police work and other security forces move out of the line of absolute legality, some unjust act is done that can ruin even the best prosecution case and that can nurture the worst the deepest thirst imaginable for revenge. Charging someone with circumstantial elements is as bad as letting circumstantial elements ruin the work of the police or justice. The best intentions on the police side are ruined by some personal involvement and vindictive intent, just as a person's life can be put at risk by circumstantial elements inflated to the size of the evidence, which in turn will compromise the whole case by being circumstantial , therefore easily disposable, with a good lawyer. The film, then, is a deep reflection on the need to respect standards and regulations along the entire police and judicial line, if we do not want to make a mistake that, in turn, does not justify the death penalty, deeper belief which Americans should have: "We regard these truths as self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by the Creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. " (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that was given to man by his Creator, which means that no one but him who gave it can take it away. Only God can take the life of a person. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power that we do not have. Even if we do not evade God, we can not justify the death penalty except as an act of revenge, and here the film shows that revenge is the worst motivation possible in the interpretation of justice and in the establishment of public peace. If revenge is cast aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can always be an error in this pursuit not of happiness but of revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris University 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, Paris University 12 Créteil, CEGID
