A Compulsive Suspense !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Starring: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <br /> A liberal, though good-hearted, Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong is summoned to the Everglades Flordia by the unjustly condemned black Bobby Earl. Relying on sadistic, cold-hearted cops to vilify him and hit a pulp to get the confession of a horrible murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he delves into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is the victim of discrimination. That the black police detective, Lieutenant Brown, of the small community, is corrupt and vile means. When the infamous and psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is introduced. He discovers that he knows the location of the murder weapon that killed the girl. When Armstrong discovers that there are lucid coincidences of Sullivan's journey through the small town and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl receives a new trial. He is free from prison and deceives his terrible punishment. It all looks wonderfully well until an unexpected phone call from serial killer Sullivan comes into focus. Armstrong discovers a sinister double murder, which are Sullivan's parents. He detests him immensely. Sullivan discloses to Armstrong the truth of the heinous murder of Joanie Shriver and why he was Bobby Earl is a psychopathic murderer and he actually raped and killed Joanie Shriver . He simply made a bargain with the devilish psychopath Sullivan. To release him so that he could kill again for revenge. After the beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong. Now Sullivan is executed until his death. Armstrong and the good face Brown chase the malevolent villain to the Everglades to thwart him. When they arrive, Armstrong learns that psychotic Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter for an old rape trial that inevitably made him endure agonizing pain and suffering. castration. Good, virtuous Brown cop arises and frustrates the brutal villain. He is stabbed and eaten by relentless crocodiles, eating man. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. We deliver both mystery and subterfuge. How reluctant blacks are blurred by racist lawmakers. Sense of unfair penalties. Even though sometimes the innocently innocent and friendly black man may actually be the perverse villain. Sean Connery is great as the other, more holy than you hero. Laurence Fishburne is amazingly amazing as the average, arrogant but good cop. Underwood and Harris are exaggerated and invigorating as the evil psychopaths. Capeshaw is fine. Ruby Dee is great as the tenacious grandmother. The rest of the cast is wonderful too.
