This is the fifth von Trier movie I've seen. I believe he is the only director to whom I gave such a high score in all his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking the Waves, and Dancer in the Dark, I gave a 10, and one, The Idiots, I gave a 9 (and I've been reconsidering if I should give a 10 since the first time I I saw it, though I'd like to see it again before I do). He was reprimanded for calling himself one of the best directors at work. I usually agree with him. I can not blame you for being arrogant when you made such good movies. In 50 years, when von Trier retires, he will be seen as the prominent European filmmaker (perhaps the planet), and there will be classes taught on his behalf. He is simply the Bergman or Fellini of our time. Too bad the critics are too intrigued to realize this. <br /> <br /> About Europe itself, I admit that it was confusing and that its narrative did not seem strong. I think that's the point. This film was obviously meant to represent a nightmare, or the subconscious on some level. This is absolutely clear from the framing of the film: the narration of Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious mind. I am inclined to lean more to your mind, since the degradation of Europe worries me, an American, very little. This framework is also clear if you've seen The Element of Crime, a film even brighter than this (although I discuss it in my mind; what Europe needs most of all is an appropriate DVD release, I hope Criterion again, with theatrical proportion and remastered sound and image, so I'm pretty sure, this movie looks as big as any of von Trier's other films). In The Element of Crime, the movie begins with a hypnotist, whom we actually see on the screen this time, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental anguish. The first words of this film are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep it on track." And whenever Fisher, the narrator, gets off track, the hypnotist criticizes him and tells him to go back to the story. He even laughs when a character gets a very silly and banal line. Something along the lines of: "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, she did not really say that, did she?" <br /> <br /> So the key to interpreting Europe, almost a sequel to The Element of Crime, is that we are at the bottom of our subconscious of von Trier, and the symbols that must be interpreted within ourselves and probably will be different for everyone. What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally and only then discuss it externally. Europe is a great film, a masterpiece. I was never bored with this, although I attended at 3 in the morning. The perfect time to watch, actually, since it works on the logic of dreams.
