Plot: Max von Sydow's narration hypnotizes the protagonist (and audience) back to 1945, where our protagonist, the young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) has just arrived in post-WWII Germany in 1945 to help to rebuild the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) provides Leopold with a job at the great Zentropa train corporation, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of the owner of Zentropa, Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself trapped in a web of corruption, being exploited, losing his ideology, and is forced to choose between plague or anger. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, hypnotizing, manipulative, noir, haunting, beautiful, and ugly. These are some immediate and grandiose descriptions that come to mind when we think of Lars von Trier's masterpiece, 1991, EUROPE; the final chapter of the Europa trilogy. In the USA, ZENTROPA was renamed so that the public did not confuse it with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPE EUROPE of 1990 (also a World War II drama). The Europa trilogy also comprises FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (the infamous experience that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals thematically with hypnotism and loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as essential as the visuals. In the opening photo of EUROPA we see a locomotive moving in our direction while our unidentified narrator literally hypnotizes us: "At the mental count of ten, you'll be in Europe, be there at ten, I say ten." A metaphor for the ability of movies to carry us into a subconscious dream reality. <br /> <br /> EUROPE uses a strange but extremely effective visual style - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier. It is a black-and-white film occasionally intertwined with blood red, a red dress, and so on. According to the rumors, this one inspired Steven Spielberg to use the similar effect in the 1993 SHINDLER LIST (coincidentally another World War II drama). In addition, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and reinvents the background projection by adding layers of separate layers, but unlike the old Hollywood films that incorporated it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These strange-looking, carefully executed visual techniques emphasize that we are in a dreamlike reality, we are hypnotized; the universe of EUROPA is not real! EUROPE is often criticized for weighing advanced techniques (such as multi-layered background-projection) above the plot and characters, but that's what critics have criticized Stanley Kubrick's 2001 visual masterpiece: A Space Odyssey by - day to have a place in all compulsory film history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is also accused of historical inaccuracies. Apparently, Trier attributes to the terrorist group of the Nazi werewolves much historical significance. According to several online sources that are correct (a fascinating subject - try using Googl'ing!), But Trier's purposes are neither educational nor accurately portraying the story. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe the audience finds is a distorted reality. It also shows how our memory tricks us - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young audiences who experience EUROPA are too young to have memories of World War II, we have a collective memory of it from various BBC documentaries, so these little inaccuracies actually serve a purpose: they inform us that we are not in post- World War II 1945 But in memory of Leopold. <br /> <br /> All three chapters of the Europa trilogy portray young ideologues with noble intentions forced into corruption and losing their ideological innocence. The ambiguous endings of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show ideologues forever locked in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after the filming of EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel were extremely interested in World War II. It shows. It is filled with extremely beautiful photos that capture the atmosphere of the time period. A great example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was slaughtered in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last act of EUROPA. As with 2001: ODYSSEY SPACE, I think EUROPA will receive the deserved place in the history of cinema. Your method of distorting old romantic cliches and visual techniques is so unique, strange and completely different from anything you can see in Hollywood today, or any other dream factory. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is an essential film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write as pure commercial speculation, but that would be catastrophic. It's up there with other Trier and semi-classic classics like 1984's FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT, the TV RIGET series of 1993 and DOGVILLE of 2003. It's a unique experience before Trier looked after its actors and before the Dogme95 Manifesto. Watch it! "At the count of ten ..." 9/10
