I was barely aware of the time of the story portrayed in this Brazilian black comedy of 1971, however, that does not mean it was not accessible to me because the film makes it very clear. It is set in 16th century Brazil, where rival French and Portuguese settlers are exploiting indigenous people as Confederates in their battle to assert dominance. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a nice Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. The Portuguese producers of the film are objective because when everything is said and done, we see that it does not make a difference who is taken. It is about heredity dominated by the environment at a time defined by tribes. Enemies are made and perpetuated, and so environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman captured by the Portuguese is then captured by an indigenous tribe, the Tupinambás, after massacring a group of Portuguese. The tribe shaman predicted that they would find a strong man to cannibalize as revenge by the boss's brother being killed by a musk bullet from Portugeuse. Thinking that French is Portuguese, they believe they now have one. However, the French is granted unbridled course of the village, sooner or later is given a wife, and takes on his usual appearance, instead of his western clothes, or any clothing. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that his prisoner is indeed Portuguese, and then assures the unsuspecting French that he will tell them the truth when the Frenchman finds a secret treasure that another European buried nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene funny because his narration with his onscreen contradictions serves as a great satire even though the film does not seem to want to keep that tone much more often. It's not really a very fascinating movie. The abundant and essential place, the fierce way of life and the matured native women not only leave the French as well as we, we forget any threat, and we have the feeling that he is a free man. It should not be so difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as scarce as the frontal nudity of the cast, suggested instead as the representative core of Pereira dos Santos' dry political caricature of New World mythology and underdeveloped social coherence. Anyway, this social commentary from the 1500s, filmed in a bay with 365 islands, played almost entirely nude and almost entirely written in Tupi, encourages the effective collapse of established forms, which are topical because they are repeated for centuries.
