After a love triangle story in Har Dil Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again chosen in this controversial film. The film would have been considered a success if there was not a controversy with the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here director Duo Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique job compared to his previous and later ventures. They are considered makers of Bollywood thriller. But at this CCCC they have proven that they can also cope with a romantic family drama. There is hardly an action scene when Preity was being raped by Salman's colleague in his apartment, Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all standards and ingredients like music, history, cast, performances etc. which are needed to make a movie success. But of course for Salman fans this was somewhat of a surprise to him. Because? Because for so long he has done roles where he has a scene to show his body open and dance la-la-la around. Your role as a wealthy young entrepreneur who has a nonsensical nature and normal attitude is really impressive. After all Madhubala, a prostitute role performed by Preity is incredible. Later, when she is also thoughtful about her life, she deserves attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and the focus is mostly on her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as touching to the heart as here. Of course, this can be termed as improvement. So Priya, a very innocent and impotent wife of Raj, who only depends on him for a better result. It has no powerful influence in history, as the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, it is not altogether impossible for such a step to seek a surrogate mother. Perhaps, many are happening in this great world where these are kept secret. And so the scriptwriter of the CCCC discovered a hidden truth that is occurring in other everyday lives. But it's still a question.
