CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood in 2001. When I first saw the movie trailer, I thought it would be a good family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the best performance of all time. My family did not like him very much, but after seeing this movie my family was very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a great success because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and falling in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya discover that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when they especially discover the dada of Raj (Amrish Puri). Raj and her family are playing cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have a miscarriage. Raj has a very close friend of the family who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can no longer have children. Raj and Priya maintain this silence of the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for subrogation. The subrogation for them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that girl will have a baby together and then deliver the baby to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. His name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that he has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this, so nobody finds out. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and everyone is happy. Raj tells her family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala even loves Raj and she wants him. What happens next? Watch the CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like about the movie is the idea of ​​subrogation. They should have done it the right way in the movie, but that did not spoil the movie. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs in the movie are great. My favorite songs are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Dekhne Walon Ne", "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi." The song "Mehndi" is very colorful.This song shows ghod bharai going on and is very colorful. 10/10!
