A few years ago, a friend received a video from Michael Mann's movie, 'Heat', from one of his other friends. After we finished the film, and we were about to stand, we saw that there is another film soon after, difficult in the cassette envelope that the owner did not write. However, we were all glued back to our seats by their distinct opening, which lacked credits. <br /> <br /> About two hours later, I stood there wondering: how could I not have heard of this masterpiece before? . <br /> <br /> This movie was Europe. Lars von Trier awakened the film noir of the dead, deconstructed reality with intentionally obvious sets, but often there was striking resemblance to the postwar German photographs I saw. And then the complicated cuts! <br /> <br /> The story itself is a difficult moral odyssey to accept that does not have a happy ending. A young American pacifist of German descent comes to post-war Germany, intending to do some good to pay for the bombs his fellow countrymen dropped. But he mostly finds mistrust and the self-destructive challenge. He hires Zentropa, a restaurant and dorm company (inspired by Mitropa), whose owner is one of the Nazi collaborators who occupy the place. Our hero falls in love with his daughter - who later turns out to be a member of the werewolf, Nazi post-war terrorists. When he does not understand the world (or just the Europeans) anymore, in his anger he explodes a railway bridge under a train he just saved. As a final note, for historical correction: In the real world, the Werewolf was not as important as the movie implies, they were mainly a final blow to Nazi propaganda. After an SS unit killed Major Aachen occupied by the Allies, two months before the capitulation, the Nazis announced the creation of entire legions of saboteurs and terrorists who will be ready to fight behind the lines, the werewolf. But only a few hundred of the majority of Hitlerite youth were trained and, while two or three times, they were sent to assassinate suspected communists or forced foreigners in Bavarian villages to impress enduring fear on the inhabitants, Hitler's death and the end of war No However, the Werewolf propaganda had a profound effect on the occupiers. They feared the Werewolf everywhere, suspected he was behind any serious accident - but without exception, another cause was found later (ignored by some recent pseudo-historians). For example, when a gas main was blown up at the bombed Bremen police headquarters or when the Soviet military commander died in a motorcycle accident in Berlin. The effect was stronger on the Soviets, who arrested tens of thousands (largely children!) "Preventively" on suspicion of being Werewolves, and closed them in prison camps where many of them died.
