The prolific and highly influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese examines a selection of his favorite American films, grouped according to three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: DW Griffith or FW Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes they made the appearance of sound and color, advanced later; the director as a smuggler: filmmakers like Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and especially Vincente Minnelli, directors who used to disguise rebellious messages in their films; and the director as iconoclastic: those filmmakers who attack civil observations and social problems like Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. It shows us how The old system of Hollywood studios was, albeit oppressive, the way movie directors saw themselves progressing in the middle because of their political and financial limitations. During his movie clips, he shows us that we not only discover movies we've never seen before, but that we're also driven to see what he sees. He evaluates his stylistic sensibilities along with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a canonical film has been reputedly snobbish, hence some movie fans and critics prefer to make "lists". However, canon merely denotes "the best" and proponents of the movie canon argue that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience a selected compilation of "best" films, much like a tape of great hits, if only as an initial direction to film students. In short, someone's experience has shown that writing about movies, including criticism, works to build a canonical movie. Some canonical films may definitely be elitist, but others may be "populist." As an example, the Top 250 Movies list of the Internet Movie Database includes many films included in various canons of "elitist" movies, but also features Hollywood box-office hits in which many film elitists scoff, such as The Dark Knight, among the top ten. in the midst of Godfather's first two films, Schindler's List and a Stranger at the Cuckoo's Nest, and the fluctuation of similar productions below, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorsese's taxi driver, Paul Schrader, referred directly to his canon as "elitist" and says that this is a good thing. Scorsese never says anything particularly about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and overtly obsessive history lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological domains, we see that really there is no particular virtue in either elitism or populism. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition and, therefore, power over those considered outstanding. Such discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence, much in the vein of Jean-Luc Godard's condescending work or the super-rationalization of a filmmaker's production practices like Michael Haneke. However, populism invokes the belief of representative freedom as merely affirming the will of the people. As was previously stated about the misconceptions people have about film, populism could be the end of the potential power and impact of cinema. One can only continue to watch films, because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese spends almost four hours here trying to tell us, something that can not be told without being seen firsthand.
