When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his Century of the Cinema series, he took the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American movies is fascinating, comprehensive and, as the title says, a highly personal look at Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> Is Scorcese's story primarily about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, writers, and other collaborators can hardly be mentioned. He claims from the outset that for him the main conflict within the film industry is between the director's vision and the distributor's profit motive, between art and commercial viability. He even opens with a clip of Vincente Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure of the documentary. Scorcese examines how the genres have become obscured and the clichés have become challenged, how the rebels defied the production code and how certain filmmakers fell into disgrace when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never falls into the autonomous trap of dismissal directors who consistently pleased studio bosses (he praises Cecil B. De Mille), or those who had less than a recognizable style, but were master craftsmen of the cinema, however. Scorcese does not necessarily concentrate on his absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, are mentioned only in passing). Instead, he looks at the individuals and movies that serve to tell his story. For example, it shows us a succession of John Ford movies to show how western has evolved. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most frequently referenced director of the documentary) to show how a supposedly healthy genre as the musical could also have darker hidden tendencies. I can imagine that if this task had not been limited to the United States, Scorcese would also like to speak about, for example, his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. How does he broaden the definition of American films to include both the Hollywood films of immigrant directors like FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of filmmakers born in the United States that was produced elsewhere? like Stanley Kubrick's. <br /> <br /> Instead of simply telling Hollywood's story chronologically, Scorcese compares films from various eras to address various subjects. In his section on film language and tools, it begins with DW Griffith, analyzes the arrival of sound, color and widescreen and inevitably ends up going through computer-generated effects that, although Scorcese does not like them, he is even delivered enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defending them. However, he simply does not finish the chapter here as if it were the end of it. Instead, it goes back to the 1940s to show how a low-budget horror like The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American Movies is one of the best documentaries made. There were a number of prominent directors and photos that I would never have discovered without, and even the most experienced movie buffs would probably find something new in their wide scope. Scorcese also restored the balance for forgotten or undervalued photos. I was glad to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter "Iconoclasts", he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me his two most underrated films. Scorcese's respect for the media is on display in how he allows the clips to be played back completely, rather than just giving us small pieces, and he interrupts them with talking heads (a file combination and new interviews) only when needed. There is a bit of prejudice in relation to the 40s and 50s, but this is not surprising, as it is the time when Scorcese grew up and discovered the cinema. And after all, I do not think this documentary could have been achieved had it not been for a personal journey. <br /> <br /> A word of warning, however, in his deep look at certain photos, this documentary contains a few spoilers.
