For people interested in business and the corporate world, this program is simply the best of the best. As one of the former program participants wrote in his blog about this groundbreaking show: People in business finally had an audience. The whole idea is perfect; have a group of entrepreneurs competing with each other for business-related tasks, located in the best place in the world, New York City. Donald Trump is perfect as the boss, though his ego is larger than the entire universe times endless. He also makes many questionable decisions about who to shoot, which is one of the negatives of the show. <br /> Season 1: Great season overall, the best season of the "normal". This season was what most had to do with real business skills. Later, the series almost drowned in marketing-related tasks with many product placements. Big and interesting contenders in general, with the most likable character of all time in this series: Troy. I know I'm not the only one who suspects that the Trump World Tower episode in which he was fired was manipulated so that Amy and Nick could win that particular assignment. <br /> <br /> Season 2: Also a great season. The tasks were still very good, and had many interesting competitors. Jen M was terrible and should never have made it to the final, IMO. In addition, this season had the worst shooting ever (Pamela). <br /> Season 3: Terrible. In fact, I liked the concept of book vs. smarts. street smarts but the cast was so terrible (it turned out that Trump hated the cast as well) that the whole season was a total disaster. The best moments were the second episode (renovation of the motel), with PM Brian fired, a guy who did not add anything but huge amounts of comedy. Season 4: A great season, a lot because of the interesting and fun contenders this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the total disaster whose name was Toral). The episode "Take Me to the Boardroom" is one of the absolute classics of this show, ending with the well-remembered quadruple shot. Unfortunately, I think we were stolen by the Randall Vs. Alla. I think Trump was afraid that she might have won, and prevented it from happening. <br /> <br /> Season 5: A boring season with really no special thing for it. Brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only there to create drama. The tasks were terrible overall (like creating a jingle, something business-related?). I think the best man won, but personally I could not care less. <br /> <br /> Season 6: I can see why they wanted to try LA as a new venue for the show, but looking back, it was a mistake. New York will always be the place for that. This season has added so many new things, most of them terrible (like losing team having to sleep outside in tents, winning PM remains PM, for example). The tasks were terrible and Trump also chose the wrong winner. James certainly deserved it. <br /> <br /> Season 7: Celebrity Edition. Best season ever. Totally different rules (like using rolodexes), but all the fun and entertainment. The biggest problem was that many of the contestants were not real celebrities, especially women, where everyone was unknown to me, except for Omarosa, who is a complete disgrace to everything she takes part in. This seemed to be the time of Gene Simmon, but after he became completely idiotic during Kodak's task, another man emerged from the shadows: Piers Morgan. No one has ever mastered a season like it did. He crushed his opponents and also seemed like a guy with a great sense of humor (although some tense Americans (not all Americans, of course, do not get me wrong) unfortunately did not have the social skills to understand him). WAY TO GO PIERS !! <br /> <br /> For fans of this I recommend the UK version starring Sir Alan Sugar as the boss. In fact, the British version is much better, and that says something since the American (and original) is really a great show. One thing about the UK version is that competitors usually tend to behave like decent humans in the boardroom, unlike the constant yelling and rude behavior that occurs in the American version.
