The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is to demonstrate that the traditional job interview and curriculum do not necessarily predict teamwork skills, task dedication, and job performance. And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agendas. In other words, a good indicator of potential may be to see a job seeker in action, which is the point of "The Apprentice." People competing for a corporate position can deliver a sugar-coated resume and put on their best personality attire for the interview, but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance. <br /> <br /> Briefly, The Apprentice involves 16 job candidates competing for the best career opportunity: a position in the investment firm of real estate mogul Donald Trump. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner who will gain a salaried position, learn the art of doing business from the master's own high stakes, and presumably win privileged business connections. The position is a dream come true for those who want to make more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To attract the candidates, Trump displays his private jet, his luxurious private apartments filled with statues and works of art, his limos, his connections with celebrities, and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnate. <br /> <br /> Path to success is not easy. The group is divided into two competing teams. Each of them has a corporate name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams receive tasks that involve a business venture, such as creating advertising, selling goods, or negotiating. Teams select a project manager who provides the leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If you win, the manager receives a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final referee. If they lose, the manager can also become the scapegoat. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with only a day or two to complete. Tasks may involve setting up a TV commercial or a print ad. Others may involve selling at retail stores or on the street. <br /> <br /> The tasks reveal the best and the worst of the participants. They usually show immediately who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable and who is working hard. And the tasks also expose who is not a good team player, who is inefficient and who seems just out of himself. The tasks invariably reveal unexpectedly the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and, in particular, the project manager. As the manager communicates with the team, the delegates work, organize the time, and set specific goals that largely determine the outcome, but this does not necessarily foretell the winner. <br /> <br /> The most revealing aspect of someone's potential is when he or she is designated as project manager. Their real abilities, unlike their self-propagating abilities, are shown immediately through the varnish that can not be hidden by a $ 100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover. The qualities and / or weaknesses of leadership often become agonizingly obvious after only a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as high-level leaders are not always as strong when placed in a real-life leadership situation. It's always easier to "play your own horn" than to get involved in leadership. Project managers, even those on winning teams, generally do not formulate a cohesive strategy. They usually believe that plunging down the bottom to complete the task in the first minute, instead of devoting a little time to organize and discuss how the task will be completed, is more efficient. Most of the time, members of a poorly planned team are running around like headless chickens discovering it as they go along and, in the long run, end up losing much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team has a taste of high life, like dining in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team comes to the dreaded boardroom where Trump hears the ragged excuses of the members and knocks out one or more of the contestants as pieces of a chessboard with the now infamous "You're Fired." Often, the project manager is partly responsible for the loss of the team and may be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes a victim of the losing team. My least favorite aspect of "The Apprentice" is the boardroom. While the tasks themselves highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the board room often brings out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a lost team, even if the competition is near. The members of the lost team begin to accuse each other, often mercilessly, about who was to blame. And sometimes more than one person is fired. I rarely see a low performing candidate taking responsibility for his actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were possibly the only candidates who took full responsibility for the losses of their team and did not receive recognition for this altruistic act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the highest integrity of all the candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi weak and dismissed her, claiming that she was not standing on her own, which may mean that he values ​​ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity for this. Kristi Frank may not have become the apprentice, but she can live with herself knowing that she has not blamed others unfairly. Is not that worth as much as "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of "The Apprentice" is also his weakness. As team performance is judged strictly by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are overlooked. By blocking large gaps between winning and losing teams, sometimes a losing team exemplifies a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. I have seen losing teams sometimes appear better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so obsessed with winning and losing that we often neglect excellence.
