In this pool, this pond, there are water lilies and there are frogs. Frogs sit on water lilies. The frog and the water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a swimming group synchronized with a fall by Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the captain of her team. Floraine's teammates avoid her leader because the supernaturally curvaceous and well-proportioned blonde conveys a loose personality that betrays the synchronized swimmer's mentality of compliance and discipline. But Floraine has a secret; the bomb has a bomb, which "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals to the public, visually, before it relies on Marie. Floraine was never, as they say, all the way, with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party, we see a double image of the explosive sex bomb checking your make-up in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a fata morgana. Marie knows Floraine's double as her imitation breaks the heart of the water lily. While the frog traverses the fly-catching movements because of its appearance, it becomes intimate with the water lily when no one is looking. In the most amazing scene of the film, the water lily agrees to give the frog a chance to lose its virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants the boys to like her, but she does not like boys, apparently, but it's more important to the frog that she's popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog is still a frog. The frog can not become a water lily or princess, because the water lily has lost the toad's respect. After her lips open, Floraine tells Marie, "See, it's easy," which is the frog's way of equating the kiss with the orgasm her friend gave her as nothing more than a rite of passage without strings. Floraine's beauty is a burden. It carries the weight of meeting the expectations of the boy. Florence uses Marie to have a final adventure before her fate morgana subjugate her imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> The other water lily, the other frog, Marie's best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine's frustrated toy. François (Warren Jacobs), just like any water lily and frog, also has a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Marie out of love, François uses Anne for sex. But this is life; this is the betrayal of growing up, in which even a friend will become a good friend if the opportunity to climb the food chain presents itself. In one McDonalds, the water lily punishes the other water lily after bathing extensively in the frog flush. Physical beauty is a coin. Marie is able to give the letters because Anne, although far from being ugly, is overweight and has a hairstyle that is not up for grabs. Anne tries to react by using her breasts as a large retaliation (the Happy Meal Loupe incidentally comments on Marie's flat chest), but the tadpole (Marie thinks she is better than Anne, rather than a water lily) indicates that her breasts are a byproduct of fat. <br /> <br /> Teen girls can be brutal to each other. Later in the final shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie also has a double, and this symbiosis among Water Lilies has the potential to become parasites in the near future, if they have not yet been . Teen girls can be brutal to each other in a way no boy could match.
