Water Lilies is a first well-made film from France about young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized and lightly sanitized material that is as unpleasant to some as attractive to others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenagers in a new suburb of Paris. Their lives revolve around a large indoor pool, where two of the three are part of a synchronized team of aquatic ballet. <br /> <br /> Distractions such as parents, siblings, work, and school were neatly excised from the equation. The central sensitivity belongs to the attractive and moody Marie (Pauline Acquart), who is not part of the team but thinks she would like to be. Marie cults Floriane (Adèle Haenel), a seductive blonde and the highlight of the team whom the boys look for. That takes Marie out of her former best friend, also a member of the water ballet team, Anne (Louise Blachère), somewhat fat. Being less special Anne is more truly accessible for boys. Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more than it actually does. Marie has the most essential quality for a teenager: she suffers internally. Flroiane does not suffer as much as jumping into situations and then running away. <br /> <br /> Marie is overshadowed by the glamor of aquatic ballet, just like Floriane. Floriane uses this to make Marie the first slave and a disguise for her tasks, without any other friend, her confidant. All the other girls think that Floriane is a slut, an illusion she encourages in the men and boys she provokes because it leads them on. She suffers the fate of the beautiful girl from not being a person, but an object, and she can not resist the validation that the boys give her, wanting to kiss her and sleep with her, but she does not really care about any of them and knows her. Involvement with them is a trap. Enlisting Marie to act as her friend so that her (invisible) mother does not know that she is going out to meet boys, she also causes Marie to rescue her from the boys later. It seemed the opposite at first, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs it. Anne gets her discomfort with her body and a desire to have sex that is more grounded and more real than the other girls. <br /> <br /> Keeping the entire external context at bay, Sciamma can point to subtle changes in the delicate equation. objectives and interactions of the three girls. On the other hand, the water madness in the film, which includes plenty of bath and spit as well as underwater swimming shots, makes it look completely stuffy, and some of its 95 minutes do not go by as quickly. Fortunately, the movie has a sense of humor and lets the trio sometimes forget their ever-present goals and avoidances and do silly and nonsensical things. These are the unusual moments that give life to the film; very bad in a way that there are no more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of his obsessions and what remains when you leave the theater are the personalities and their dynamics. Along the way, it is clear to watch the swimming and contemplate the girls, who understandably love to look at themselves. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or drama on the way, but things get a little more interesting when it emerges that Marie does not just admire, but really wants Floriane and is jealous of her boyfriends - that Floriane always stops before to go to the end. In a typical irony of this type of plot, Floriane really decides that she wants to have her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who clings, because she knows it will not have the meaning for Floriane that will have her. When this happens, it is a timid and mechanical affair. Meanwhile, Anne has a great passion for François (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course he is behind Floriane. The boys are not an element that has been subtracted and there always seem to be several dozen ready at the edge of the pool or on the dance floor, but they are just bodies and faces, nails available.
