The meaning of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "The Birth of the Octopus", is quite obscure, so it is perhaps not surprising that it was marketed in English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies." "The" lilies "of the English title are three teenagers, Marie, Anne and Floriane, members of a synchronized swimming team based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is a drama of" maturing "about the development of their first sexual feelings . <br /> <br /> A feature of the film, perhaps unusual for such a film, is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the youth themselves. We see nothing of their parents or teachers and very little of the adult world. The shy and reserved Marie is slender and delicate and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is a simple Jane, Floriane is a glamorous blonde who is very popular with the boys.The three, along with a handsome male swimmer named François, are involved in what can be described as a love quadrilateral. Anne fell in love with François, but he in love with Floriane, who seems to return his affections, although it is by no means his only male admirer. In fact, not all Floriane's admirers are men, because Marie has a crush on her attractive friend. The film shows how friendship develops; At first, Floriane seems to be simply using Marie as a convenient excuse when, in fact, she meets boys; her parents probably oppose her dating boys, but they do not object to her going out with friends. Later, however, we realize that despite Floriane's image as the hot, popular girl who is always the center of masculine attention, she really reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and corpulent figure, typically seems "butch", but she is the only one of the three main characters who is unmistakably heterosexual, while the more conventionally feminine Marie and the glamorous Floriane are lesbians, or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Adult films are common, although most of them avoid the controversial theme of teenage lesbianism. Water Lilies, however, handles the subject in a sensitive way with three very good performances from its three main actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of various interpretations. (Floriane, for example, simply uses Marie for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her?) Can Floriane's behavior with François and the other boys be just a device to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? herself?) This was the first film made by its young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); based on this, it must be regarded as a highly promising newcomer. 7/10
