I watched SHORE LEAVE the other day. I've seen it so many times and I never get tired of it. Strangely, every time I watch lately, it takes me back to the first time I see it. Including this time. It must be this sense of mystery and "What's going on here?" Curiously, the only part of the story that ALWAYS felt strange and uncomfortable to me this time really had a huge effect on me - Ruth. I think a lot of that was Gerald Fried's score. A true work of art! The romantic section has been reused - much more extensively - on this SIDE OF PARADISE. But of course, it debuted here. I have the impression that, of all the girls Kirk had known over the years, she may have been the "sweetest." When she said, "Do you have to go?" Combined with the song, I could really feel the pain she must have felt by not being able to have him stay with her. <br /> <br /> Someone commented online that Ruth looked older than him, but she should not have aged in 15 years. Which makes me wonder ... Maybe she was one of the academy teachers. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (Maybe he thought of it in "MIRI" when he told Janice, "I never get involved with older women." Maybe he meant "... more." Read ST reviews the another I see where someone compared WHAT ARE MUDDED GIRLS, but it seems that SHORE LEAVE should also be there, what are those "people" if not androids? And could "The Caretaker" be related to "The Old Ones "of the previous episode? Who he is, he seems to be one of the RARE cases in ST, where you have a race that is really" superior "as opposed to just thinking who they are. <br /> <Yeoman Barrows seems to be filling the Yeoman Rand Considering the attention that Dr. McCoy gave her, it's just another frustrating example of a potentially good character who appears once and never appears again! <br /> One thing missing in the last several that I watched I've seen it, I really prefer to know that there are two l ados para h I'm going inside all the time, instead of this "submerged" business. When he said, "Have fun, sir." near the beginning, you could see that it was not only his addressing the superior officer, but talking to his friend. And in the end, when he unnecessarily says, "Totally illogical!", I can not help but think he does it just to provoke a reaction. He may not be smiling or laughing, but I think he likes to see his teammates around him happy.
