This is a joke; many Trek fans do not rate it as high as the well-known classic episodes of all time because it does not have the deep meaning or tone of those who are really great but this one is as well executed for what it is, as successful as it is pure. entertainment, it always makes my personal list of the top half dozen episodes, no matter what the mood I'm in. Several well-known future films ("Westworld") and TV shows (the more insipid "Fantasy Island") are inspired by the premise of this episode (so, of course, the TNG program renewed the concept with holodeck technology). Wonderfully filmed (especially evident in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, it happens in the beautiful setting of a planet that the Enterprise just arrived. It's strange that no animal life, even insects, seems to exist here (such as pollinated flowers, for example), but things get really weird when group members start seeing people from the past (Kirk has a heavy past, It Happens that), as well as figures from other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-fashioned police revolver (adding to his collection of swords, no doubt). <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek series (in the middle of the first season), the main characters had virtually solidified into the old friends we had known over the many years that followed. Here, we can actually watch them relax, talk and work together to discover the puzzle of the episode: the strong narrative is a mystery again, and the audience is following the ride while Kirk and his friends seek to unravel a bizarre series of events that have a decidedly fun taste to them. It is almost capricious to follow the laid-back style laid out on the spacecraft when Kirk was finally galloped after showing signs of stress and fatigue (the Enterprise, as suggested, has just completed a harrowing mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a horseman on horseback; Yeah, this is Dr. McCoy's final episode ... just kidding. But, no joke for the rest of the landing party at this point in history. McCoy is really dead for all purposes and, like the best Trek episodes, the second half of this adventure turns into a more frantic and desperate rhythm of action and suspense. All this is signaled by Kirk's resolute response to Sulu, who manifests his lack of understanding about any of these events right after McCoy's death - Kirk will get to the bottom of it all, no matter what. <br /> <br /> But it does not get much easier for Kirk: what follows is probably the longest head-to-head fight for the series, while Kirk fights with his enemy from his gym, a fight that seems to occur on half the planet. However, this is counterbalanced by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with another known to Kirk. This episode runs through the full range of human experiences, adjusting to the light of what we have learned about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that happened, as opposed to an absurd approach that pervades many other fantasy and science fiction series with similar plots (unexplained appearances of people who might not possibly be there). And there is, in fact, a subtext for history - that we human beings need to "work" with our tensions and fatigues in a particular way, or we simply do not function in a natural "normal" way. Also, note the look of the very handsome Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return until the first Trek movie in 1979. I believe that after this episode, even more Trek fans could not wait for the next appearance of all your favorite characters. But I leave this episode with one last thought, perhaps tempting: if McCoy was killed (checked by Spock), how do we know it was our real McCoy who returned to the ship? Maybe that explains why McCoy was still inspecting spacecraft about a century later and getting on very well with Data.
