Another episode from childhood that, as an adult, I look back from a different perspective. This was one of my favorite childhood episodes, one that really cemented my worship of this show. However, upon seeing this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is definitely one of the lightest, played for laughs and fun, instead of the dramatic and well-constructed stories in the earlier episodes of this, its first and best season. . Maybe this episode was written for a small R & R fan too! As Mr. Spock would say, the story simply is not logical, but there are some fun lines like, of course, Spock's final at the end - when he asks Captain, McCoy and others if they like his R & R and they they answer in the affirmative, he raises an eyebrow and says "Fascinating ..." just the way Mr. Spock could do it. An interesting story, of course, is that the idea of ​​an amusement park being really fun (instead of the fake and often annoying "fun" of Disneyland, for example), is able to make a person's wishes come true. Really, a great idea, but not so well executed. And coming from Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great short fiction short story writers they used in the first season, they wonder how many adjustments were made in the screenplay that Sturgeon delivered. <br /> <br /> Now, here's a little. In 1987, James Gunn established Theodore Sturgeon Award for best short science fiction story. And I'll cite the rest of this site: In 1968 he (Sturgeon) wrote "The Joy Machine," a third screenplay for the Star Trek TV series {Amok Time the Other}, which was never filmed. The main reason that was not used in the series is that it contained expensive sequences of special effects that would be too much for the budget. However, the script was adapted in a book by science fiction writer James Gunn (Star Trek No. 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would summarize this to say This episode it is still very enjoyable especially if you do not think much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it, and in the next episode, we can go back to the serious things about protecting the universe.
