Hollow Man begins as brilliant but flawed, scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally works on how to make things visible again after being made invisible by the serum itself. They test the serum on an already invisible gorilla and it works perfectly, Caine and his team of assistants celebrate, but while he must report the advance to his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first human invisible. He manages to persuade his team to help him and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, however, when they try to bring him back, the serum fails and he remains invisible. The team desperately searches for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly begins to lose his grip on reality when he realizes what power he has but is unable to use him trapped in a laboratory. But again, he's invisible, he can do whatever he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven I liked Hollow Man. You know it's only after Christmas, I saw this a few hours ago in the late evening / cable TV in the morning and worst of all I feel ill, not because of the movie but because of the chocolates and fizzy pop I've had over the past week so I'll keep this brief. Andrew W. Marlowe's script has a decent rhythm, but it creeps a little in the middle and has a good central premise, you need the basic idea that being invisible will drive you crazy as in the original The Invisible Man (1933). film that Hollow Man obviously owes a little. It can have a successful blend of horror, science fiction and action and provides a good entertainment value for 110 odd minutes. I thought the character was cool, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, but I think it's generally known that Verhoeven does not deal with subtlety, the first thing he does with the invisible that Caine does is sexually molest one of his teams then, when he enters the outside world, he causes Caine to rape a woman with the "who will know" rationale that Caine says to himself. So of course there is the blood, it shows a rat being torn apart and this is just the opening scene after the credits, to be fair with it the violence is a bit sparse this time, but it still has a nasty and nasty tone about that. . That said, I love horror / gore / exploitation movies that Hollow Man offers to me, it just might not be everyone's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a great job, or should that be the case? special effects boys make it look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less impeccable, they are brilliant and simple as well. There are some good scenarios of terror and action here as well, even if the climatic fight is a little overdone. I love the effect where Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at a time, complete with veins, organs and bones in the full show or when the reverse happens to the gorilla. There are some bloody moments, including a mouse being eaten, someone impaled on a peak and someone having their head open with blood splatters. With an impressive budget of about $ 95,000,000, the Hollow Man is technically flawless, I can imagine the interviews on the DVD where some special effects say they mapped Bacon's entire body to the last vein they actually did because you know that everyone watching would notice if one of their veins was missing or in the wrong position they? The acting was good, Bacon made for a good kind of mad scientist type anti-hero. Hollow Man is one of the extravagant Hollwood big budget hose where the effects and action take center stage on any type of significant story or character, but to be brutally honest, sometimes we all like it in a movie, well, I know I do. Good solid budget big budget entertainment with a bit more nasty and darker streak than the usual Hollywood product, definitely worth watching.
