It seems that many IMDB comments on this movie are biased in the sense that they try to compare it with an older version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of "THE INVISIBLE MAN", but that's where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie, period. If you watch a movie with the intention of finding as many glitches as possible, then you should not watch movies in the first place. It's true that some movies are simply horrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" can entertain you and make you wonder what YOU would do if you were invisible and if you had your ex fucking one of your friends. Kevin Bacon stars as an eccentric scientist who, along with a team of collaborators, finds a way to make animals invisible. Now your mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you can imagine, for the Pentagon) thinks they have the formula to make the animals visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteers to be the first to try the new experimental drug. After that, of course, things go wrong, as Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the film and is forced to wear a latex mask, so his collaborators know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take over Kevin's character, and when he discovers that his ex-girlfriend and collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) is having a torrid affair with another of the team's young scientists, he finally grabs himself. The film turns into a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a slasher movie, but that's not saying it's a bad turn. There are scares and chills and the movie moves at a good pace. The special effects are top notch (a quality that is always prevalent in ALL Paul Verhoeven films) as we come to see some "body reconstitution" sequences never before seen in a movie. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps, it is the predictability of the situations presented here; in the first hour of the movie, you know that Kevin Bacon will make the leap from weird and eccentric to being a lunatic homicidal at the end. And the ending is a bit abrupt, but despite that, it's still worth watching HOLLOW MAN. If you want to know what a really bad movie is, waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse on THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now that's "hollow"! 8 * of 10 *!
