This is a porn movie of a common nature. By pornography, I do not mean sex. I mean free images of (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a gigantic waterfall or iceberg. Several of the film's scenes seem to exist just to get into the trailer, get people into theaters to see it for ten seconds before it disappears and never to be seen for the rest of the movie. <BR> There is almost no plot in this movie. He said to expect a story of three families of animals, "better than Penguins March", the film simply does not deliver. The blame falls on three main areas: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell in the history of nature's cinema, (2) the musical team who dramatized everything to say what you should be feeling, even when the film fails to motivate, and last but most importantly (3) the editors who had the story jump from place to place without rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, sucking the life of the entire film - a film about life. When we got to the whales in the middle of the movie, I sank into my seat in fear, hoping against hope that the film would be more than halfway through, and that I would be able to survive the long-term endurance test with the animals. screen. There was also almost no science in the film. They attributed heat and cold (all this, not just the seasons) to the earth's inclination, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extremes from place to place if there were no inclination because the poles would never heat up. And it would be worse if we did not have rotation (in relation to the revolution) like Mercury, because half the planet would roast and the other half would freeze. So near the end, they used the expression "humans and animals," as if humans were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I must credit the camera work, though, and again that's why I call it nature's pornography. Everything from super slow motion to what appears to be a finely tuned and mechanically controlled time lapse photograph was used to provide some (and I caution, just "some") impressive moments that increase the bar compared to other nature films . That said, I'm not convinced that everything was nature on the screen. Some of the scenes showing the great water hole in Africa as it changed from season to season seemed CGI to me. A director might have expected such suspicion and built on other scenes to demonstrate that it is all natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a film about the Earth, I expected a lot more from Earth to be shown. What we saw was unbelievable. We had to consider the word of the narrator that some species are at risk due to climate change. They showed us no evidence of this. They did not show us Alberta's venomous tailings tanks visible from space. They did not show us the big garbage in the Pacific. They did not show us a nighttime picture of human light pollution around the planet. These are both the earth and anything else. Why cover it up for a white lime? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of the content is of predation. Every time a predator was shown on the screen, in fact, hunting for prey, the music became almost in that scene of Mt Doom of the Lord of the Rings, with the predator portrayed as some sort of evil character of Sauron. But predators are not bad. They perform a necessary service, ensuring that the best members of prey species survive. We are predators. Every time the predator takes the prey, we immediately cut to something else, to pretend that death and feeding do not really happen. The final insult was the polar bear "father" being left to die after he dared to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!", You can almost hear them say. <br /> <br /> For the presentation itself. My theater may be partly to blame for this, but maybe not. I expected to see something more clearly than I could see on my own LCD HDTV at home. But the image was blurred, and was presented at the same ratio of 16: 9 that I could have at home, instead of the larger proportion that many movies come in these days. And during an action-packed scene near the end, the movie (I can not imagine it happening digitally, as it looked) was damaged, and we lost several of the colors, eventually erasing altogether. This repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they really plant a tree in my name, it will be worth it. But how should I know?
