The spoiler warning is for those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, though I do not mention it in detail. <br /> <br /> "Terra" is an approx. 90-minute film version based on "Planet Earth", which I watched on BBC TV. The TV version was narrated by David Attenborough, a captivating commentator, whom I wished I had also done for "Earth," but it's Patrick Stewart, Star Trek Captain Picard. There are regularly taken from Earth from space, which may be appropriate. Anyway, he has a nice, calm voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we follow animal life on Earth, from the North Pole to the Antarctic. 3 families of animals, polar bears, elephants and whales appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of the distance from the north pole or equator. We see something of every type of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungle, an almost perfect presentation of the variety of life and landscapes and climates on earth. You have the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people, villages or cities are not in the film, so it is a typical documentary of nature, but breathtaking and accompanied by delicious music. When the movie opened, I knew it would be too soon for me. It's a family movie, so there's no brutal killing of any animal. When one of them is caught by his hunter, the shot ends and in other cases where the prey is caught, it is shot in slow motion, which makes it less violent and assistive for small children (age limit 6 in the Netherlands) . No blood is spilled. Some scenes (newborn animals) are really cute and will be adored by children. It looks like a movie of ordinary nature, but when you know how many days of filming it took (4000) and how much money it cost, it becomes an even more amazing beauty. It had its Dutch debut yesterday, a month before the launch, in a cinema of 500 places, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely of interest to movie goers, it seems. As I knew the TV series, of course I was very curious to know if my favorite scenes would enter this movie. Some not, but the most impressive shots (great waterfalls), thankfully. It was the first time I cried in a movie about nature.
