I heard nothing but great things about the 2006 television mini-series "Planet Earth," narrated by my childhood idol David Attenborough. However, if it was shown here in Australia or not, I never picked it up, and when did I come across the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)'? a long-lasting compilation of the same nature? on the big screen, I grabbed the chance. The theater was basically empty; only one other patron sat in the line in front of me, and it was as if I had, not just the big screen for me, but actually the whole planet Earth. For 90 minutes, I was plunged into the beauty and dangers of the isolated desert, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured in movies. Impressive in its scope, and still painfully intimate at times, "Earth" is a sincere appeal of filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet, and how the invasion of humans has placed countless species of animals and plants on the edge of the abyss Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously defends the conservation of the desert, it refrains from hitting us in the head with propaganda, and the puzzle that is political is completely ignored; in fact, there is no human in sight. Instead, we are simply taken on a breathtaking journey into the majesty of the natural world to experience the resilience and also the fragility of life on Earth. I have heard that the original eleven-episode miniseries goes much deeper into the scientific background of the world's ecosystems, but I think here, the filmmakers made a wise decision to replace information by emotional impact: I do not remember the last time I felt so inspired and at the same time utterly desolate. Establishing an emotional connection between the public and a few individuals, anthropomorphizing them to a point, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species, and their desperate condition of survival becomes less statistical and more unacceptable tragedy. The "Earth" is basically composed of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether the struggles of a female polar bear to bring its young cubs to the Arctic ice, or the wanderer of a herd of elephants. for the seasonal floods that save lives in the Okavango Delta. The documentary demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death, most painfully displayed in the desperate ballet of predator-prey interactions. Although occasionally, perhaps to cater to a younger audience, filming stops at the crucial moment, I have regularly overturned the inevitability of death in nature and the raw instinct that feeds the endless and useless efforts of these animals for survival. There is even haunting beauty to be found in the hunt, whether in the slow-motion filming of a cheetah bringing its prey {the result of a single false step}, or the majestic leaping of a white shark in the air swallows an unhappy sea lion . It is this fragile equilibrium that has been fatally disturbed by the selfishness of our own species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these key stories, we are also treated to making brief excerpts of wildlife from around the world, including Papua New Guinea's birds of paradise and the autumn migration of demoiselle cranes. Of course, entire films may have been dedicated only to these species, and an inevitable consequence of having to filter so many images is that some interesting ecosystems are quickly ignored. When choosing to focus more closely on the polar bear, elephant and humpback whale ?? tracing their lifestyles through an amazing high-definition time-lapse photograph over a calendar year? The filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that could arise from having too much to show and only 90 minutes to show it. Consequently, "Earth" has made me thirsty for more, and fortunately I now have about eleven hours more, so I can trace a copy of the "Planet Earth" DVD box. Revolutionary and captivating, inspiring and moving, 'Earth' is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and may just be my favorite 2007 film.
