The prefecture takes on the policy of a city rather than a country, state or any kind of important political table. Granted it shines in New York City which is a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but still goes for a smaller scale and puts the microscope on some key players in a big city scandal stumbled on the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director very familiar with elements of the thriller that made Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance and I think in many ways it incorporates many of the genres of the genre of suspense formulas that are almost a flaw. I mean, the prefecture claims to be a political drama, not a thriller, but when all is said and done and when you get to the meat and potatoes of the movie, it feels and looks like a thriller but a decent one with a lot of important part of the recipe that immediately makes it stand out ... what else ... or rather, who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins by giving you a good insight into city life and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, it broadens its political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his connections and then we are introduced to some of the happenings within the city. As events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect is kind of left in the background, but it still has a brilliant setting. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even though he once did not perform well, how could I say that? The man is acting royalty. There is just something brilliant about your whole behavior. In the city hall, Pacino interprets the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately seems to be a very honest politician. He also offers one of the most powerful and direct speeches I have ever seen at the funeral 'James Bone'. I replayed that speech four times and the first time I watched Pacino gave, my mouth opened and I almost wanted to stand up and clap. It is brilliantly written and brilliantly delivered by Pacino. John Cusack, who I really like actor, has a mediocre and exaggerated performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He's the focus of the movie and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they're onscreen, but there's something about that performance ... it looks like he's trying too hard. His accent is just bizarre, and though he must be cruel and intimidating, he does not seem to get it. Maybe he was having a movie off. Bridget Fonda, on her way out of stardom, does a good job as a lawyer for police widow Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's, in that she simply does not seem to find her rhythm with this character. Danny Aiello is fantastic, although his character is little explored as democratic boss with links to the Frank Anselmo mafia. Martin Landau makes a decent appearance as a judge under scrutiny Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the City Hall is evident in my analysis of the characters and actors. Everyone is fine. There is so much history behind that they try to show without actually showing and unfortunately leaves you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And of course you have Al Pacino in a little supporting role, but he's absolutely brilliant at it and dazzles and obfuscates all the other actors in the movie. It almost seems they are intimidated by him being on the screen with them. So the City Hall could have been this enormous epic political drama / thriller, but it seemed cut and muted for an average mill performance, but still needs to be seen by Pacino and a different twist on the inner workings of politics. If you just will not see this movie than find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the electrifying word does not seem to do justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because in a mediocre movie he picks it up wallop a speech and makes you feel it. If you are a fan of John Cusack that I am ... he definitely did better, but he is the main character and all in all he does his justice. A decent movie, but unfortunately the potential loss. 7.5 / 10
