The film is about a classic theme. In fact, it concerns the subject explored by Batman, from beginning to end, but in actual details and details. The mayor of New York, appreciative and very diligent and dynamic, in order to get some project a little faster than usual, yields to some pressure from some private contractors on a criminal dealer who should have been sent and kept in jail and he pressurizes the judge, in turn, to release him in probation, despite a report of negative ordeal that disappears, but is not destroyed, either only because of the political value it represents. And what was to happen happens and some people, including a black student, are killed in a shootout between a police detective and that criminal. The city may explode because of this: racial tension because of the black boy in the school and social tension because of the insecurity that such criminals leave free to walk around and continue with their criminal activities represent to the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show this tension very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to discover the truth and find out. But along the way some witnesses are dead, and those who have had some role in any business are forced to retire (the judge), to end their career and life (the contractor or the contractor in), a public servant who was ready to deliver the missing stage report, and some obscure character after he provided some crucial information. The mayor retires and takes long vacations; But the main interest of the film lies in the exploitation of the contortions that the mayor is doing to cover up the problem and the contortions he remembers to have done in the past that led to the error on this case of ordeal. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is gray, which is never comfortable for decision makers, is invoked as an excuse for wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the compromises needed to reach some consensus in some areas that are crucial to the public interest. We're talking about considering it less important to make a bad decision about some insignificant or supposedly petty criminal than some infrastructure or economic project in the city. This is not typical of New York. This is true of any position for mayor. It is only more significant in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area like New York and of course in a city or country where police departments are municipal and are controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor is thus alienating the old mayor and disrupting his ambition to be the governor of New York to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect due to the incorporation that Al Pacino offers us, because he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. I find the end a bit cheesy with the former vice mayor preaching on his own behalf. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. Therefore, he is no better than everyone else, he is still very young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris University 1 Sorbonne Pantheon and Versailles Saint Quentin University in Yvelines
