Working from a script written in part by Nicholas Pileggi, best known for writing the book Wiseguy, which he adapted to the movie Goodfellas, and for writing the book and script Casino, director Harold Becker shows how connected circles scratch the back one on the other, even at the behest of a comparatively honored mayor like Pappas, who is regarded as a presidential prospect. As Cusack follows the paper trail of the dead mafioso's parole report, his skepticism is agitated. How was this violent young man convicted rather than imprisoned? We met up with the other players in the plot, no less than Danny Aiello, the Brooklyn political boss, and Tony Franciosa, the mob boss whose nephew was shot dead. How and why these people are affiliated I let the movie advertise, though there is never any doubt that they are. <br /> <br /> The narrative is usually told by the eyes of Cusack's character, a visionary from Louisiana. who admires his boss and hopes to learn from him. Much is done by everyone of bureaucratic knowledge passed down through the generations. Some of the dialogues are grossly erudite, but considering that I have just described the building blocks of history as bureaucratic knowledge, it can not be said that it does not work. The case rages against the spice of two other issues at the mayor's desk: a charge by Aiello for a subway stop and an exit ramp in Brooklyn to help a new banking center and the city's bid for the upcoming Democratic convention. Individual idiosyncrasies are also explored, including Aiello's emotional attachment to the music of Rogers and Hammerstein. Much is also made of menschkeit, a Yiddish expression, which, Pappas explains to his deputy, is about the bond of honor between two men, about what happens between the two hands in a handshake . This connection does not mean much to Bridget Fonda, the lawyer of the police association who defends the honor of the dead policeman and fights for the retirement of her widow, even if incriminating evidence appears. Little by little, the deputy mayor understands that the menschkeit is such an influential notion that it goes beyond the law. <br /> <br /> There are several high-impact scenes, including one in which the Brooklyn boss comes home for lunch. in the middle of the day, his wife asserts his interest through the dish she prepared, and then the mob boss appears by surprise. There is also a convincing and markedly conjectural late scene between the mayor and his vice. <br /> <br /> A delicately treated scene is made up of the mayor's decision to speak at the funeral of the dead child in a Harlem church. His counselors say he will not be wanted there. But he goes anyway, and gets excited for a discussion of blatant hyperbole, Pacino and his character both. <br /> <br /> He gets an impressive reaction from the congregation, but the mayor knows, and his deputy knows, that it was artificial, and the way they scrupulously escape from discussing it, in the limo taking them away, is a subtle job of composure and insinuations. This is a script that knows that it has to provide Pacino with the reason that most of its fans see it, and immediately follows its quota with the reality that silence has much more inherent meaning than speech. <br /> <br /> Pacino and Cusack are convinced together throughout the film, the unbreakable and conscious older man, the youngest eager to learn, but with unstable ideals. Pacino is innate with his real ability to marry common sense and inventive imagination, inspired talent and prosaic realism. Cusack moves very freely, despite his defensive, somber attitude. The development of Bridget Fonda's subplot is unnecessary, but it is a result of the belief of veteran screenwriter Paul Schrader, otherwise sagacious insight into the value of each character, and each is polished into sincere incarnations. Aiello, for example, is a highlight because it evokes the joy of living and the sensitivity of his character to the environment.
