Wow ... plus 5 hours of Riget. Lars continues the great combination of occult horror, dark and novel drama. Picking up exactly where the last episode of the previous series has stopped (complete with the same high intensity and suspense, although this does not last, for better or for worse), this installation in the franchise seems a bit more rushed ... in the last series , it seemed like a day or a week passed between each episode, whereas, clearly, it's a long stretch ... where one episode ends, the next one begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both qualities show this. The plot continues its excellence, now giving some regular characters who were smaller players in the last four episodes more attention. Basically, each character in the first one returns, at least in regards to the lead roles. The pace is not as sharp as in the first part, and I found myself less dominated by this one. This is by no means to say that it did not involve me, however ... I still found myself constantly observing, and at various points reacting strongly, often loudly, to what was happening (extremely uncommon behavior to me, such as myself I am an incredibly quiet person), as I was during the first one. Like the first, this also brings some loaded ethical issues. Building on the base from the first, this brings the story even further ... and being a sequel, the scope is also larger. Grander. More spirits, more bizarre occurrences, more subplots. Strong graphic material from the first also returns, and it has been lifted a notch. The characters are further developed. The acting is incredible, like the first. Udo Kier solidifies his immense talent to anyone who doubts it. Playing a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series may well understand what I mean) * and * act in a language he did not speak (he was nicknamed later) ... and still delivering a force performance. Cinematography is still great, and still very portable, with fast zooms and occasional shots. The editing is crisp, with some direct cuts in sound (although these were more prominent at first). Now, with all that said, I really wish I could rate this perfect 10 ... or at least a little below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I do not regret it at all. But this has flaws ... the ones the first part had and more. Like the first, humor takes up a lot of space ... and this time it's even worse. There are several new regular characters who are just there to provide comic relief ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set up and performed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. Good for a comedy, but what is it to make of such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing short of sadistic, sometimes horror piece? Helmer's solitary secret hiding from loneliness is changed from the hospital ceiling ... from where he could see his beloved Sweden ... for a bathroom. With an angle from inside the bowl. No, you read that right. In general, humor seems more down-to-testa ... more sex and bodily function jokes, which, once again raises the question "Why?". Although most of the writing is excellent, some of them are downright awful. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (one can assume due to its popularity when it aired). Sometimes the drama seems a bit more bombastic than the first, and it jumps up too much sometimes. Fortunately rarely, but still visibly, plot points and items are explained very easily (a certain character who lives in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen knows who I am talking about). The two dishwashers, though still mysterious and insightful, become very confused ... too, overexposed, after all, I guess. Most scenes with them are still enjoyable, though. Also, I want to reassure any reader that despite all the negative things I just wrote, this is still very good ... definitely nice, attractive, powerful ... and in my humble opinion, it should definitely be seen by anyone (although you belong to this group, do not expect the story to end after you see it more than you did after the first). I recommend this to any fan of Lars von Trier and who liked the first Riget and wants more from where it came from. I urge anyone considering watching this to make sure you've seen all the first ones before you ... I bought this before buying the first but I kept looking until I bought the first one and watch, and I can not tell you How I'm glad I did. Although this shows a brief summary of the events of the first one, there are an immense amount of details and aspects that you would lose if you did not see it before seeing this. Dry it a little smaller, but definitely still one to watch if you liked the first. 8/10
