There is danger with the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, which brings together a wonderful amalgam of silent suspense, horror, science fiction, surreal and other contemporaries to make their views from Freudian comparisons to overload . But in Pervert's Guide to Cinema, it also makes the broader points a starting point for any other analysis I've seen in a collective section of films. Although he does not cover Scorsese's extensive list of documentary films, the same attachments are present, and Zizek has a love defined by all these "perverse" examples and films, notably the work of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, and Tarkovsky. However, you should not get in touch with it - if you can find it, I almost saw you thinking that Zizek would only try to dissect all the psycho-sexual parts or parts that referred him in a dull, disturbed language. way. If anything he would open one for points that could never be considered otherwise, one would think of three of the Marx brothers as representations of the Id, Super-Ego, and Ego (Harpo's example is deadest to me). He is not only one to take on the classics, he also considers food for thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in representations of the division between fantasy and reality and if the matrix needs the energy as much as the precise energy from the matrix to the first, and from the attachment of violence in dealing with self, as well as from the double in the second. He even plays on a piece of the crucial moment in Revenge of the Sith when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of pushing away paternity under that mask back at the very moment when the birth of his children takes place elsewhere. The ideals of paternity, of male sexuality, from the male point of view by turning fantasy into reality (a point in which Zizek rightly points to the moment of creation of a nightmare), and female subjectivity, are explored perhaps more with Vertigo. This also applies to a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were the Zapruder film, where he dissects the three colliding points of the psycho-sexual stance in the 'Do not Look At Me' scene in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now, it would be a thing if Zizek himself continued to make these sincere, excited, and somehow plausible points focus on the camera or especially for narration, as Scorsese does. But it goes one step further to accentuate their fantasy and reality points, and how they overlap, intersect, become one and the same, or spread more crucially in some underworld or primordial feeling to some characters (eg Lost Highway) Where the movies happen. The funniest thing is to see him first on the boat towards the same wharf Tippi Hedren's boat drives at the beginning of the Birds; Equally funny is when he waters the lawn of the Blue Velvet, he explains Frank Booth's multifaceted points; only one, when it is in similar territory to Solaris, seems a little tacky. But Zizek seems to be amused by this setup, and after a while one ignores the crucial potential of this trick and Zizek's words appear. <br /> <br /> There were some movies that I, of course, would do. I expected, especially from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a treat for film fans come from seeing two things - the movies you would never think of seeing in a movie about movies entitled The Pervert's Guide to Movies (the two best for me would be Drawings animated films by Disney Pluto and the exhibition on Chaplin's films, although with a great note on the power and distinction of 'voice'), and those that have not yet been seen (ie the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among a few others) that inspire immediate feelings of "wow, I have to see this immediately, no questions asked." Zizek is a powerful writer with his work, and puts it forward with a clarity that reminds us why we watch movies first, to have fun, of course, but also to have the real experience of sitting down and having something up there, as he put it, looking at a toilet. It is probably one of the greatest films on film, and in such a splendidly close analysis of how Freud works in the films about desire, Id / Super-Ego / Ego, and supernatural fantasy that you may never see. ..unless distribution finally comes into play if only at the lower levels.
