"Cinema is the final art of the pervert. It does not give what you want, tell you how you wish." Thus begins "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema," in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel to world cinema. This three-part film is the second full-length documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, Ralph and Joseph's sister), and is a remarkable achievement, marked in 2 ½ hours of a man's conversation and still remaining humorous and engaging. long. In essence, it's a long-running lecture, and one of the best you can have. Throughout the film, Zizek guides us through a catalog of obsession and desire in the history of cinema. He plays in over 40 films and in particular spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, the Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also takes a good look at Persona, The Conversation, Three Colors, Blue, Dogville, Fight Club, and The Exorcist. Thematically, Zizek's research on cinema ranges from thoughts about the death drive to the "coordinates of desire" and from Gnosticism to "partial objects." <br /> <br /> "The Pervert's Guide" will be a slightly better experience if you've taken a few minutes to understand your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not plunged into psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and hilarious personality takes the film forward with such enthusiasm that you probably will not hesitate in specialized language. The film often cuts from film clips to Zizek images within the movie he is talking about - that is, in the original locations and sets. The transitions in these sequences hold so much tension and humor that the trick never ages. And Zizek himself constantly makes us laugh, whether it be bizarre jokes or his enthusiastic insistence, for example, on a daring oedipal interpretation of "The Birds." And this attitude of going ahead and laughing, in the parts of Fiennes and Zizek, is essential for the gonzo character of the film. It is the sugar spoon that helps us to digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, do not we all have the feeling that, after a certain point, psychology theorists are just pulling our legs?
