He is corpulent, sweaty, slightly angry and restless. He is in front of us and calls himself a pervert. He claims that we? the viewers of the movie? Realize the screen like a toilet bowl, and everyone is secretly wishing all the shit explodes inside. It is unpredictable and scary. Good??? Come on, you must have guessed: he is one of the leading philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavoj is a narrator and a subject of Sophie Fiennes' extraordinary new film, A Pervert's Guide to the Movies. Fiennes illustrates a long, long-running lecture, done in two ways: by providing clips of exemplary films and putting them in real (or reconstructed) places of the films he speaks. It's always good to watch scenes with great movie subtitles (though Revenge of the Sith has gotten here too), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide ?? it is self. What makes the movie so fun to watch is the unanswerable question we can not help asking repeatedly: What is more scandalous, the opinion of the person or the presence of the screen? In a documentary by Astra Taylor, the Slovenian philosopher confessed his fear of being silent. Because, he claimed, he feels it does not exist in the first place, the only way to make all other people believe he does is to talk constantly and feverishly. And he spoke and how. Also a pervert guide? is dominated by your voice? delivering the perfect English in the most crazy way and making some surprising points about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are these? Well, for example, does he see Chaplin's reluctance to talk about the image as a sign of a universal fear of his own voice (a kind of alien force taking over the human being? Think of the ventriloquist segment of Dead of Night [45] ). He says that the perverse nature of cinema is to teach us to desire certain objects, not to provide them with them. He identifies Groucho Marx as super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and all the while we can not take his eyes off of him, so persuasive (and captivating) are his appearance. At some point I could not help but look at the thick, messy hair and wonder what kind of brain is stored underneath. Wishing, of course, for more insights. <br /> <br /> Most notable are the readings of Lynch and Hitchcock (not surprisingly, since he wrote about both). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly edited clips of their respective works made these parts of the talk memorable and? unlike others? difficult to argue, since he seems to have settled things in these two directors. This is not for his reading of Tarkovsky, for example, about who tirelessly imposes his own totally materialistic view of reality, ruling out precisely what is so remarkable in all Tarkovsky (namely, strong intuitions and religious images). <br /> The question is not whether ik ek is inspiring and brilliant because it is; or whether it's worth watching the Fiennes movie, because it's the same way. The real question is: are opinions consistent? One smart observation after another creates an overwhelming intellectual journey, but once the whole thing is over, some doubts remain. For example, considering Vertigo (58), it says that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect void, which makes the face itself only a facade: something like a mistake in its own means. However, when in the final sequence we hear about the always destructive finale of City Lights (31) as being a portrait of a human being totally exposed to another, it's hard not to ask: what happened to the whole facade? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face the intrinsic value of the real thing and deprive Kim Novak of this same privilege in two bold strokes? Or perhaps this inconsistency can also be read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the notoriously "illegible" French psychoanalyst is central to Idek's thinking.) The film has all the virtues of a splendid lecture of two and a half hours: many grounds are covered, many perspectives Employee, even some first-rate jokes class made (when ii eek travels on a boat by Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] and tries to think like she did, it comes with: "I want f ** k Mitch!"). But it also has a gap that is not inherent in a two-and-a-half-hour lecture as such: it is almost obsessively digressive. The thread of my life about how far we are from Real is as good as any other psychoanalytic thread, but after about 80 minutes it becomes clear that one of the perverse pleasures of people is to ramble on and on. , changing the subject constantly. The general effect is to be carried away by a gigantic and cold wave: you are simultaneously taken by surprise, refreshed, in mortal danger and endless confused. When you finish watching, your head is full of ideas that are not yours and are you already planning to watch some movies again ?? but you also share the feeling of having survived a calamity. <br /> <br /> The final question is: did I lose? Or are we not even close to the real thing? Once the cinephilia becomes punishable by arrest, we will all meet in a large cell, and finally we will talk to each other (we will not have any film to turn the face). I defy you all: who will have courage enough to come and challenge you? My guess is that once you look at those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
