Harry Dillenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Dale Frye, Dylan Frye, Dylan Frye, Dylan Foster, Dylan Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford ... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. Actor Harry Hamlin (of LA Law fame, Clash of the Titans and other films) seems perfectly cast in this movie "Lifetime" directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna later would work in a movie about sex addiction. "Her Deadly Rival" is, at first glance, similar to Hollywood's best-known box office hit, "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", the happy couple Jim and Kris Lanford move to a new house in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have the seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer stares at Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite an attempt by Jim and even investigators to find out who she is. She constantly harasses Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost gets in the way while his wife begins to think he's having an affair and trying to cover it up. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D.L. Anderson, William Blair - seem to have come out of a novel. But this is a drama full of suspense and has its good moments. There's a twist in the end. Spoiler alert. All I have to say is that "her mortal rival" was just herself. Based on a supposedly real case, Jim Kris's wife suffered from multiple personality disorder and this is what ruined her marriage. Even though the story is not terribly impressive, even though acting is just one step above the novel's performance, this movie has its moments. Especially moving are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he can not believe what he just heard. The movie is probably a bit long and tedious in some parts, but it's the kind of TV movie that usually works well, especially in Lifetime, which continues to produce such "domestic thriller" movies or seduction stories. Trashy but everyone likes junk.
