Everyone has a first love, and although it is difficult to define this feeling when you are younger, it is there, aching inside of you. This is what Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad intends to prove in his fourth feature film, a film in which the most complex of emotions is told in a deceptively simple and direct way. <br /> <br /> Such an approach is especially convenient in this case. The love story at the core of the film involves two 12-year-olds, and thus makes any "deeper" attempt at analysis seem forced and pretentious. What they do not do is also a testament to the impressive performances given by leading non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The first plays Orked (already seen as an adult character in the previous photo of Ahmad, Gubra), an animated, almost rebellious girl who, perhaps influenced by her "British" education (her mother studied in England), despises playing with dolls, preferring play violent sports with the boys. Then, one day, she meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who came to spend her vacation at her aunt's house and suddenly changes her habits: goodbye, fights, hello and canopy touring. But what does it mean? Are they just friends, or is it something more implicit, something that none of them are yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the protagonists, answering these questions borders on the impossible, and so as in several "minor" movies (Lost in Translation comes to mind), there is no real closing, a choice that leaves a bitter but satisfying taste to the end: naturalistic, unfiltered action (especially that of Aryana) reaches the heart almost immediately and a strong cast of support (the Orked family, above all) helps keep the minimalist narrative amused and seductive. The realistic approach is not always as effective (the hilarious subplot in relation to an adulterous neighbor is discarded too early), and it is difficult to justify the bizarre reference of Pulp Fiction at the beginning of the long, but emotional strength. make it an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
