The film begins in a classroom where, not surprisingly, our lead actress, Orked, was spotted in a Chinese-language class. Later in the film, she was asked why (Mukhsin) that she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her response was simple to a child that she is; Because she already knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of romance that you can think of, but once you've stopped reading many critics and go ahead, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film basically focuses on Orked, a 10-year-old who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game many would think of as a boy's game. Running out of players, Mukhsin (who was new to the village) was forced to let Orked into the game, in which she eagerly showed her masculine side. Orked is not an ordinary girl as she portrays more of the male behavior as you'll see in the film, defending Mukhsin from a violent encounter with his school bully, throwing a bully's bag out of the window of the school bus, punching and kicking at his brother of Mukhsin where he later provoked Mukhsin and so on and so forth. Both were awesome friends, and they got closer than that, but with a minimum of misunderstanding that most of us would respond in the same way, they separated the two until the day Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the movie portrays the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started out as friends but slowly evolving into a closer relationship and then into the BGR. You would notice, the changes that Yasmin made in the movies for each lead actor and actress when they go through love. The different character was portrayed with enthusiasm and moderate mood. The scenes were random, but they showed so much reality that you would be stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, not because you want to be a patriot to the local scenes, because it means so much more. <br /> <br /> While the film involves the two birds of love, he can also find his lenses for Orked's parents, his mother who was educated in England, speaks English very well, and in which her husband and house janitor with much attempt to speak of his own kind of English, which was humor. all the way indeed. Let me explain to you why humor can be such a prominent thing in this movie. And that explanation or description that you can portray can be given in just one word and this is RANDOMNESS. Often, more than not, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It's exactly how Jack Neo's Just Follow Law movie would have mentioned - Often, when we are ourselves, we do not see the person in us as we are, but when only when we are in another person's body, then only we learn to see who really are. And this is how humor applies, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with such randomness that the typical facts of our routine lives as we made the film could be filled laughter if we wanted it to be. <br /> <br /> The other focus of this film was on how Orked's neighbor, a couple in which the husband is no longer loving his wife, and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi as what he stole after was seen polishing his bike daily and would take him for a ride with his newly found girlfriend. The producer did not fail to show him perhaps because the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a real burglar or KPC, as the Chinese said, interrupting other people's business and sending their own daughter to provoke Orked into words that only adults would use. After all, what goes around comes around, and that's probably why bad things want to happen to her. At all times, being kind to the people around you will not hurt unless you have an ego to protect, but again, what is it worth? The film also revolves around Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who went into town every day until late into the night, smoking, drinking and also finding "girls". He is the total opposite of Mukhsin, but it is all perhaps because of family problems. Both brothers were with their aunt and parents were away from them. I will not reveal more of the story because it would ruin much of the interest in wanting to find out for yourself, but the smallest of all the elements in which the producer wanted to send a message to the viewers is the life of us all. She wanted us to at least look at life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. The movies, in a way, take us out of our own body, put us in the position of the character and use our empty mind to see her happenings. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you'll be impressed with how a good movie like this would portray and would have a significant impact on you.
