Mukhsin is a beautiful film about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is her story, by writer-director Yasmin Ahmad, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that his films have been semi-autobiographical, having scenes drawn on his personal experiences, and it is in fact this sharing and translation of those emotions to the big screen that has his films always exude a sincere sincerity and honesty. Mukhsin is no different, and probably the most polished and confident work to date (although I must add, as a personal bias, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time we come back to when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger than the films we traveled with from Rabun to Gubra, and here, Sharifah Amani's sisters Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya take over the roles of Orked and Mak Inom respectively, which is perhaps responsible for their excellent chemistry together onscreen, it does not matter that they do not play their brotherly roles. The only constant that seems is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through the film of Mukshin, we make a complete circle with the characters and the world that Yasmin presented to us. We learn and understand the family a little more on the days when they still live in their kampung (revisited in Rabun), where Orked attends a Chinese school, and brings a serious combination of punches (and you wonder about that explosion of energy in Gubra, she has had it since she was young!). A perennial tomboy and dotted child of the family, she prefers to play with the boys in games, rather than "masak-masak" mindless with girls, and favorite outings include going with family to football games. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) to the village offers a cool point for Orked to get out and do things - pedal through the villages, climb trees, fly kites. And as what one wishes to explore, the crossing of this line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his insolent moments that animate the story and provoke laughter because some of the incidents we would have experienced by ourselves and sometimes serve as a setback for our own childhood memory. In short, these scenes screamed "fun"! We observe life in a typical Kampung, where some neighbors are very friendly, while others, nosy parkers and rumblers, spread gossip out of envy. There are two additional family dynamics seen, one from an immediate neighbor and the other from Mukhsin, both of which serve as appropriate subframes and contrast with those of Orked. As always, Yasmin's films are filled with great music, and for Mukhsin, there's something special, the "Hujan" song written by his father, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas", appropriately used in the film, since the Yasmin movies have even been centered on the same characters, the beauty of it is that you can see them alone, or when watched and gathered, creates a family drama that deals with separate themes and universal issues like interracial romance , love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see the many links in Mukhsin back to the previous films, while new audiences will surely be curious to discover certain whys and meanings of recurring characters or events, like that chubby boy who steals looks at Orked. <br /> <And to speak of whys, parts of Mukhsin are also curiously open, which is probably distinctive of Yasmin's style, or deliberately left as such. I thought that as a story about childhood, remembered from memory, then there are details that will be left out for sure. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin exhibited this perfectly, with not so detailed details, and the focus on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie, and a rare one that I feel is suitable for all ages - bring your younger brother or sister!
