If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and about all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you, you chose the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war. happened on Majorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war happens on a small island that takes position almost immediately for the traitor, there is no open war. Soldiers are sent forward to fight on the mainland while another type of warfare takes place at home on the small island. There, neighbors tell about other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are against the new regime, but many people are informed about old family quarrels, or maybe the silent introvert who has no friends is contacted by someone who wants to "win some points ". And these things do not happen in the open. There were some trials, it's true, but many other times people were just awakened in the middle of the night, taken from their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning the bodies would be found, and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but no one would dare speak or do anything. We're not talking about soldiers killing someone they've never seen in their lives. We're talking about people killing their neighbors, and probably greeting the widow the next day, and even attending the funeral of the guy they killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm from that little island and I've heard the stories that my grandparents told me, and I must say that this movie upset me, oh yes, it did; but also found it remarkably beautiful and touching. Initial violence is not something the director or the writer invented, that's how things happened during the war. A boy knowing that his partner's father is in the fascist squad that killed his father? Completely possible. Everything that happened then? Possible too. TB was real, too. At that time, my island was not the vacation resort it became. People were poor, illiterate, and working small farms. After the war there were times of trouble. <br /> <br /> So, you will not find a war story in this movie, or at least not the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the worst kind of war that happens when space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight each other and live in a place where everyone knows everyone . You'll find a story about the damage that this particular type of war can cause people and the story of how they survived those damages, or maybe not. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work. made by the writers who adapted the novel and by all the actors, who managed to sound really Mallorcan. That was remarkable.
