(SPOILERS included) This movie is certainly the best Amicus production I've seen so far (though I still have a few to check out). The Blood Dripping House is a horror-omnibus anthology containing four mysterious stories involving the tenants of a hellish and infernal house in the British countryside. A common mistake in such productions is wasting too much energy on the surrounding story that connects the separate tales - Peter Duffel's film wisely does not pay much attention to it. He simply deals with an inspector from Scotland Yard who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and so he learns about the bizarre events that happened there before. All four stories in this movie are of a high level of quality and together they are perfect. Great expectations are allowed for this movie as it was entirely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in the shining mark of horror 'Psycho' ?? We are also marking the solid and very professional debut of Peter Duffel as director. <br /> <br /> The four stories? chapters if you will? in House that Blood Drip contains a good diversity of topics, but they are (almost) equally chilling and scary. Number one deals with a horror author who comes to the house along with his wife in order to find inspiration for his new book. This starts very well, but after a short period he is haunted and pursued by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this tale is not exactly original, but it is very suspenseful and the climax is quite amazing. The second story stars (Hammer) the horror legend Peter Cushing as a retired broker. Still haunted by the image of an inaccessible and long lost love, he bumps into a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to observe as always and ?? even though the Wax Museums topic is not new ?? this story seems fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains some delightful moments of shock and there is an atmosphere of constant tension. It's a great warm-up for what is undoubtedly the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this, as Christopher Lee gives an impeccable portrait of a terrified father. He is very strict and strict about his daughter and he keeps her in isolation for the outside world. Not without reason, since the little girl demonstrates a bizarre fascination by the witchcraft and the voodoo. In addition to Lee's great acting and the remarkable performance of Chloe Franks as the spooky child, this story also has an incredible gothic atmosphere! The diabolical tones in this story, coupled with the scary sound effects of thunder, make this story a must for fans of the real horror. The fourth and final story, in which a vain horror actor is controlled by the vampire cloak he wears, is slightly weaker than the others when it comes to tension and credibility, but the overhead of subtle humor more or less makes up for it. There's even a little room for parody in this story, as the protagonist refers to co-star Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element of this last chapter is the presence of the beautiful Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen of "The Vampire Lovers" certainly is one of the film's many highlights - her particular cleavage. <br /> <br /> No doubt about it? The House that Dripped Blood will be greatly appreciated by classic horror fans. I truly believe that with a little preparation to improve mood, this may be one of the few movies that will terrify you and make a good impression. Intelligent and convincing terror as it should be! Highly recommended. A little extra comment, though: this movie may not repeat, under no circumstances can be mistaken for 'The Dorm that Dripped Blood'. The latter is a very irritating and lousy 80's slasher that has nothing in common with this movie, except for the title he stole.
