"The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the best anthology films of the period. Keeping track of a missing movie star, Inspector Holloway (John Bennett) finds out that the last reported sighting was in a large mansion in the field. During the course of looking through the house, he is told four different stories about past residents of the house. The Good Story: Method for Murder - Moving in the mysterious mansion to get some peace and quiet while Charles sings his latest masterpiece, horror novelist Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice ( Joanna Dunham) are enthusiastic about the story, which revolves around a serial strangler named Dominic. After a series of strange accidents and experiences in the house, Charles begins to believe that my creation came to life and is haunting him and his wife. Probably one of the best entries in the movie, it's easily the scariest. The atmosphere here is what sets it apart. The scenes with the fictional character are genuinely scary, the mystery around him is really effective and there is always a classic time to scare. The classic moment is the killing in the psychiatrist's office, which is a hit of all time. The development, with the creaking sounds, flashes of a mysterious being, and the thunder and lightning in the back work well for this favor. <br /> <br /> Sweets to the sweet-moving new home, widower John Reid, (Christopher Lee) hires former teacher Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) to his daughter Jane (Chloe Franks) while he is traveling on business. Ann gradually begins to unravel an obscure secret from Jane's past, which John denies vehemently. When she discovers the true nature of what has happened, it is far more shocking what she might have thought possible. With the most chilling final plot and the biggest twist of stories, this is a pretty nice entry. The mystery of the family is wonderfully thrown away, with small amounts of clues stacked here and there, and the ultimate revelation is absolutely stressful. This part alone is the main reason why it works, and Lee does not hurt it either. Waxwork Tortured by memories of his lost love, Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers, (Joss Ackland) both fall in love with the statue of a woman in a Wax Museum, as the statue takes over their lives, they discover a shocking secret about the museum that haunts them both. There is a clever premise here, and this provides an excuse to spend time in a wax museum, which is always scary. This is no exception, and it seems strange, which is aided by the fluorescent lighting on display in the sculptures. A dream sequence provides a great moment of suspense, but what ultimately kills this is the slow pace. It takes a lot of time for events to unfold and most of the time is spent on exposure. It also accumulates until a final shock can be seen coming from a mile away. Those really lower this one a little. If the turnaround had changed, the result would be higher, the rest would be acceptable. <br /> <br /> Terrorist actor Paul Henderson, (Jon Pertwee) upset by the lack of realism on the set. his new movie, goes out and buys a new vampire cover from a specialty store. The cloak soon turns him into a vampire, going crazy on set with co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampiric acts at home. Unconvinced of the robe is the cause, he does everything he can to prove that it is only in his imagination. This has a pretty decent premise, and there are many opportunities for some decent scares, but the bottom line is several factors. First, it's too silly for your own good. The plot twist in the end is a perfect example, which is so exaggerated that it's not really a shock, and just looks plain silly. There are so few scenes of scares or attempts at scares that it's just an annoyance to sit. It's the weakest part of the movie. The Final Verdict: A fairly decent omnibus film, there are a few minor issues scattered throughout each of the stories that make it less than perfect but still highly watchable. Highly recommended for those in similar films at the time or who enjoy British horror movies. <br /> <br /> Today's Assessment - PG-13: Violence
