The British producer Amicus is generally known as the specialist in horror anthologies, and this great bus called "The House Who Dripped Blood" is arguably the best Amicus production I've seen so far (admittedly, there are some that I have yet to see, however). "The House That Dripped Blood" consists of four delightfully macabre tales, all set in the same mysterious mansion. These four stories are brought to you in a wonderfully gothic atmosphere, and with one of the finest castings imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors of all time) as well as Denholm Elliott and Ingrid Pitt's sweeping star in this movie - so which Horror fan could afford to lose? Nobody, of course, and the film has much more to offer than just a great cast. "The House That Dripped Blood" revolves around a strange rural mansion in which strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the tales of four different heirs. The first tale, "Method For Murder," tells the story of horror novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves to the Chamber. With your wife. After moving, the writer suddenly feels haunted by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is a great kickoff for the film. The story is chilling and macabre and the performances are very good. In the second story, "Waxworks," retired Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house and is suddenly drawn to a mysterious Wax Museum in the nearby town ... The great Peter Cushing once again offers a sublime performance in this, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The tale is deliciously weird and the second best in the film, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third tale, "Sweets To The Sweet," is by far the most chilling and brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves in with his little girl. Ms. Norton's private teacher and nanny, who Reed employed to instruct her daughter, is shocked by her employer's rigor toward her daughter, and is eager to find out why the overprotective father's view of education may have ... best segment retains a very scary atmosphere and a truly scary storyline. Christopher Lee is, as always, superb in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as the nanny, and my special praise goes to then 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This ingenious segment by itself makes the movie a must-see for all true horror fans. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy lover / co star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than it really is Horror. It is a highly entertaining satire, however, and there are many allusions to other horror films. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who stars in the third previous segment ... All four segments have a deliciously macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As said above, the third segment is by far the most chilling and greatest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabre humorous Horror Tales that every Horror Lover should appreciate. A steep atmosphere, a macabre sense of humor, a mysterious appearance and a brilliant cast make this a must-see. In short: "The house that dripped blood" is an excellent horror bus that no British Horror lover could afford to lose. Highly recommended!
