No-nonsense Inspector Hollaway (a solid turn of John Bennett) investigates the disappearance of a celebrated actor and discovers the terrible past history of a frightening old house. First and most mundane tale, "Method for Murder" - successful author Charles Hillyer (well played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by images of the murderous demon he is writing in his latest book. Although this particular ride is obvious and too predictable to be something special, it does, however, build a veritable dilemma of a genuine surprise ending. Second and most poignant story, "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (the ever-outstanding Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (the splendid Joss Ackland) fall in love with the beautiful wax statue of a beautiful but deadly killer. John Reid (a typically terrific Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) hires the nanny Ann Norton (the beautiful Nyree Dawn Porter) to take care of his seemingly cute and harmless daughter Jane (a remarkably frightening and unnerving performance by the lovely Chloe Franks). This scary episode is given a substantial disturbing boost by the exceptional performance of talented child actress Franks, who projects a truly disturbing feeling of serene malice lurking just beneath a deceptively sweet and innocent angelic veneer. The fourth and most entertaining line, "The Cloak" - the star of the Pompous horror film Paul Henderson (deliciously rehearsed for Jon Pertwee's arrogant fist) buys a mysterious cloak that turns him into a vampire every time he uses it . This item makes foolish good fun and benefits even more from the incredibly pulchritudinous presence of the delightful Ingrid Pitt as seductive vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, working from a delightfully macabre and witty script written by renowned horror scribe Robert Bloch, maintains an agile rhythm throughout and does a good job of creating a suitably sinister atmosphere. The accolades are also in order for Ray Parslow's clear cinematography and Michael Dress's soundtrack. Highly recommended for bus fare fans.
