I admit to being partial when I've reviewed it since it was my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in ~ 2005 in the late evening "Fear Friday" at AMC, which often attracts such obscure pearls for cold storage for the younger generations. I made sure to watch the entire Amicus anthology series before reviewing any of them here to make sure I had perspective. Looking back, I still classify The House That Dripped Blood as my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt and then Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series enchanting - the vintage of the '60s,' 70s, chilling for eccentric and absurd tales and the utter British audacity of it all - came together better here than than any of the others in general. The film revolves around a very old English country house and the misfortune that falls on all who reside within it. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife, who have moved to an isolated place to take a break. the city so he could focus on his passion. He creates a killer character named Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulty in telling the reality of fiction. There is a subtle physchedelia here through your torment which I found amusing, but scary. Oh, and those horrible teeth (so again, these are British actors, maybe those were REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved to here to escape his loneliness, but only worsens when he is haunted by lost love. He seems to have found possible salvation in a local wax museum (very scary), but it turns out he would have been much better alone ... <br /> <br /> The third story includes the great Christopher Lee (my favorite actor of British terror) as a single father with a rather disturbed and completely chilling young daughter. He is constantly wary about her getting into things she should not --- like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for it, for good reason. Lee is superb here as the icy disciplinarian, that man has a real talent for playing characters who are absolutely devoid of heat !! But despite his best efforts, the little troublemaker actually learns forbidden knowledge and bad things follow ... <br /> <br /> This final story is the story of a veteran cynical actor who feels the young director he is working does not is qualified to capture a suitable vampire film, up to the quality of the costumes and their particular cape. Then he goes to an old curios shop in the middle of a cloudy night to get something more "authentic". Little does he know that he's got a truly authentic vampire cape! Placing it at midnight's touch has quite noticeable effects. By the time I got to this fourth and last story, it was past 3 AM and I could not stay awake the first time I tried (not bored). But I have experienced something I have hundreds of times, a curious connection experience I have with movies or music as I enter and I fall asleep and the movie / music becomes part of my dream! Great fun !! This bizarre story was perfect for that and it seemed so much more scary the first time than actually, because I woke up well when he was levitated by the power of the cover and could not understand what was happening at the beginning. Not long afterwards, the lovely Ingrid Pitt, a costar on her film set, came to visit him and warned her not to put on the cape at midnight - but he did not need to bother because she was also a true vampire . The clink of the colored keyboard that followed as she flew toward him on the stairs was simply hysterical !! And again in my half asleep state, it looked quite confusing! Side note: Be sure to pick up Lee and Pitt along with the impressive star Amicus Britt Ekland in the all-time classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the interlaced commentary between stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the fourth more because it makes me smile so much. Very highly recommended for horror fans and if you are a fan of British horror, it is a must! I'd say it's worth seeing the series in chronological order, if you can. The last film in this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 movies except the excruciating Garden sometimes mediocre (1967) are the best, but if you like any of them, you should watch them all at least once. You will probably return many times to watch your favorites.
