Linking Story: Another first-time exhibition for me and, once again, this is one of the most popular Amicus anthologies - and it's easy to understand why, though I realize how the meaningless title of the film may be misleading to some; I certainly liked the choice of director Peter Duffell - DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (which, incidentally, is a classic Schubert piece that is heard in the film during the Peter Cushing episode) - much more. Although the connecting device itself is not so good, the episodes are all equally attractive and enjoyable. The production figures look very respectable for the budget Duffell had to work with. The latter infuses the film with a lot of style that is not so common with this type of film and frankly makes a regret the fact that it wanted to distance itself from the genre (though more so as not to be typecast rather than because he felt he was beneath him. <br /> <br /> Now to the individual stories themselves: "Method For Murder": the opening segment offers no real surprise, but to make up for it , is silently suspenseful and aptly scary at times (Tom Adams's fictional villain who resembles Boris Karloff's long-lost brother of THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]), and ends with a satisfactory DIABOLIC-like twist <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": for the second story, we are introduced to a curiously romantic mood that is quite unusual for this kind of movie Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are excellent (as well as impeccably dressed) in their roles of two abandoned lovers of a woman who continues to obsess them even after so long, and whose friendly rivalry can only blindly and inexorably lead them to a a fate that is literally worse than death; a scene of ominous hallucination with Peter Cushing is very well done, given the limited resources, and Ackland's inexplicable inability to leave town reminds one a little of the aristocrats trapped in the house of EXTERMINANT BIRTHDAY (1962) of Bunuel. "Sweet to the Sweet": this is perhaps the best episode of all - with its ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility and he is accompanied by an understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and Chloe's deceptive innocence Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The film's treatment of the occult here is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely chilling "curtain". Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult on the included featurette on the disc, and when I saw her I felt an immediate familiarity with the face but could not place my finger on it. Later, when I read her filmography, it was revealed to me that she had played one of the tracks in the long adaptation of Agatha Christie's "The Rat Race" in London's West End, which my brother and I were fortunate enough to catch while we were there Vacation in the Summer of 2002! Needless to say, we had no idea then that she had created such a delicate - and delightful - portrait in absolute evil, especially by virtue of her peculiar appearance and a devilish grin! "The Cloak": an eccentric but strangely reverent vampire tale (which still manages to overthrow many of the myths linked to the subgenre while inventing some new ones!) that leads to wonderful discoveries of cinematic exploration and, at one point, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is wonderful as the terror star who gets more than he hoped for when he tries to bring some authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt sends her image very well, although her role is somewhat subsidiary to the process; Geoffrey Bayldon (created to resemble Ernest Thesiger) also has a memorable part; the 'silent movie' style of the end was too audacious to attract an audience, I suppose - and, as part of the humor comes from heavy hands, THE SEAVE VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), is also quite contagious and certainly ends the movie on a high note (and highly unusual)! <br /> <br /> The quality of audio and video is relatively satisfactory considering that I had no other version to compare; the main culprit is some noticeable print damage, but this is never so unpleasant as to affect the pleasure of the film. As for the extras, starting with the audio commentary: frankly, this is one of the best chats about a genre movie I remember listening to; Jonathan Rigby comes into your opinion more than usual for a moderator, but his effort certainly allows director Peter Duffell to tap into all aspects of production (while with some other films, you expect there to be more!) And as such is an extremely nice range that complements the main feature very well. The featurette "A-Rated Horror Film" is a worthwhile effort with Peter Duffell again in the center of the stage, but this time backed up with valid contributions, if very brief, from producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get movie notes, reviews, biographies and a gallery of posters / photos that, again, are beautifully put together (with contemporary reviews being a novelty - and welcome).
