From the mind of Robert Bloch, from the fame of "Psycho," come four tales of sinuous terror in this Amicus anthology film, which, while not as fun or scary as I'd like, still provides some decent genre entertainment. It is linked by the surrounding history of a highly skeptical Scotland Yard detective (John Bennett) who is investigating the disappearance of a prominent actor; he warned that this case is linked to a few others by the house where they all happened, and our movie is running. <br /> <br /> "Method for Murder" has author Charles Hillyer (always charming Denholm Elliott) haunted by his latest fiction creation, which apparently came to life. This sequence has some good surreal moments and quite suspense, and is crowned by a reasonably fun revelation and denouement. "Waxworks" starring Peter Cushing as Philip Grayson, a retired broker who, along with an old friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) becomes obsessed with the image of a beautiful woman found in a museum of macabre wax The most effective in this episode is the dream sequence, although it is great, as always, to watch Cushing. The final images that are presented to us in this story are quite shocking. <br /> <br /> "Candy for Candy" features another much loved horror star, Christopher Lee, as John Reid, who does not treat adorable child Jane (Chloe Franks) very kindly, and it is up to the new companion / tutor Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) find out why. The mystery of this particular episode is treated in an excellent way; Filmmakers wisely do not bow their hands, so it's more of a genuine shock when we get the whole truth from this unhappy family. The moments of "death" are particularly horrible. <br /> <br /> "The Cloak" has the most direct comedy of the four; Jon Pertwee, one of the many actors who have played the role of Dr. Who over the years, is a lot of fun as a film star of vain and moody terror (in fact he is the highlight of this story) who, infuriated by the lack of quality in his last low-budget film, he goes out and buys his own cover. The said mantle has strange powers, which I dare not reveal here. Sexy Ingrid Pitt is a welcome presence as a companion to the Pertwees; A wonderful example of the humor here is a wise-ass jab given to none other than Christopher Lee! The closing story concludes in a predictable but still effective way, as Detective Inspector Holloway discovers that he should have taken all the warnings given to him more seriously. Underlined by Michael Dress's unusual, impressive and mysterious soundtrack, "The House Who Dripped Blood" is a fun mix of stories; Although I do not like it as much as, say, "Tales from the Crypt," it's still a lot of fun. Directed competently by Peter Duffell, he moves slowly but surely toward each of his startling conclusions, and is certainly a good movie of that sort. <br /> <br /> 7/10
