Four tales of terror about events in a scary mansion are told to Scotland Yard skeptic investigator Holloway (John Bennett) while investigating the whereabouts of the last squatter who dripped blood. <br /> <br /> Just strive to find the words to describe the true glow that is "The House That Dripped Blood". This horror anthology of the '70s is quite remarkable in how a film so visually innocent is capable of inducing horror even for the most demanding viewers. Incredibly, the number of depictions of violence on the screen can be counted in one hand, but the film is still able to portray the brutality and can summon the most horrible images in the viewers' own imagination while avoiding the obvious route of violence print shop. In a rare feature of the horror of the 1970s, the technical details of the film are practically impeccable, from the irreproachable performances of the starring cast (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to superb direction and narrative. courtesy of Peter Duffell and master of macabre writer Robert Bloch (the author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaints anyone might have with "The House That Dripped Blood" are the somewhat asinine twists at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the image, but even those little details do not stray. The first segment, titled Method for Murder 'tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror author who rents the scary house while working on his latest novel. . While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to begin to see the murderous character of his story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character is given a surprising air of credibility. The key to this segment, as well as to others, is the mystery surrounding the events that take place. The viewer asks whether the view of Dominic's murderous character is merely a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder, or whether the character is actually there. Duffell's direction manages to create a haunting atmosphere along with a slow and methodical approach to generate the tension and suspense necessary to make the segment highly captivating. <br /> <br /> The following segment features Peter Cushing as the new occupant of the sinister group. House. During a trip to the city, he comes across a wax museum of horrors and decides to venture out. There, he discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman who looks very familiar to him. The character of Cushing (Philip) is then accompanied by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), who also wants to visit the museum, to the despair of Philip. In this segment, the viewer receives no more than subtle clues about the mystery of the woman of wax, but in general the viewer stays in the dark. There is much less tension in this particular story, but the segment still manages to keep its air of mystery through a particularly harrowing sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is once again exceptional, and although it is possibly the weakest of the four stories, there is no denying that through some creative direction and credible acting, Waxworks is still a welcome entry into the film. What, in my opinion, is the largest of the four segments? "Sweets for the Sweet." Christopher Lee plays John Reid, the father of a young woman who, for starters, has an inexplicable fear of fire that is soon remedied by nanny Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to be harboring an obscure secret about the family. "Sweet to Sweet" is easily the most sober and complex of the four stories and that's why the segment is undeniably attractive to the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues are thrown about the truth behind the family, but it's not until the immensely awful final scene that everything fits perfectly in place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and suspense to create the atmosphere of omen that made the whole movie great. Accompanied by a beautifully arranged soundtrack, "Candy for Sweet" is an exercise in sustained fear that grabs the viewer by the throat and refuses to let go until the agonizing screams that end this piece finally cease. Personally, I believe that this short segment would have made a movie as fun and astonishing, and would give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with the story of the missing artist that the investigator was originally interested in. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two artists who are currently working on a horror film. Pertwee's character is disgusted with the amateur production and props of the film and then he buys his own vampire cloak from a weird mystery shop. However, strange things begin to happen when he wears the robe and soon begins to fear the worst. This segment, which puts the inspector between events, is a good way to finalize a wonderful anthology. While there is an irrefutable camp air for the segment, this is, in a way, what makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that could be classified as scary in any sense and the foreseeable end could have been better executed, but even so the segment has its redeeming features. Horror fans should definitely look at Pertwee's brief commentary on the portrait of Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee on Dracula. This slightly comical and unconcerned approach to the final segment is, in essence, an appropriate and almost natural way of ending the film, even if you lower the film when compared to previous examples of suspense-driven horror. <br /> <br /> To summarize, ?? The House That Dripped Blood 'is one of the greatest horror anthologies that features an incredible cast, great stories and above-par pair direction. There are certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while fans of blood and guts will be very disappointed, fans of more tense horror efforts should immensely enjoy this movie. My assessment for the house that dripped blood? 8/10
