Horror omnibus movies were popular in the seventies. I do not like them very much, but this is an undeniably excellent slice of British horror movies. The House That Dripped Blood is a horror bus with four stories surrounding an old and scary house in the country and being reported to a Scotland Yard agent by a real estate agent. <br /> <br /> This film is headed by three well-known stars of horror movies; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, which horror fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-stars in the greatest British horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. The first segment of the film, titled "Method For Murder", tells the story of a writer of horror stories whose creation; a strangler named "Dominic" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds suspense very well; through his girlfriend, him, and the public is led to believe that what he is seeing is an invention of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it compensates for its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and its final twist; which works incredibly well and came as a genuine surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, titled "Waxworks," is starring Peter Cushing and is my favorite of the four. This tale follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture out. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to him and later discovered to be a killer. What the woman's relationship with Phillip implies is never really explained, but the tale relies more on the mystery to build the suspense than on the details of the plot. Later, Cushing is accompanied by his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that's where the tale really begins to pick up. The setting of a wax museum full of murderers for a horror movie is not a new idea; the same scenario was used with great success in the excellent 1966 horror film, "Chamber of Horrors." Although the here is not as grand as that of the movie mentioned above, the power of the setting is used for a no less terrible effect, much of which is achieved by a sense of claustrophobia, caused by the museum's limited area. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and watching him avoiding a madman wielding an ax is a treat for horror fans. Despite being my least favorite, this story is still fun and interesting enough not to leave this anthology down. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best of omnibus. This story is starring the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it runs. Let the audience guess; We know that there is something wrong with the father or the daughter, but we do not know who or what. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a great degree of semiestiality; the audience is left to quarrel over their actions about giving their daughter a doll, and the fact that she can not go to school or have toys. The card exactly why it is kept close to the chest until well near the end, synthesized by the truly creepy line in which Lee tells his nanny that he is, in fact, afraid of his daughter. The end of this section is superb, in my opinion it is one of the best finals for any horror story ever told, and will stay with you for a long time after the end of the credits. <br /> <br /> The omnibus ends with "The Cloak," which is definitely the most comic of the four. This tale is about a horror movie star who, impressed by the technical side of his latest movie, goes out and buys a cover. Of course, this cloak turns out to be a true vampire cloak. Unlike the other three tales, this one seems to be played mostly for laughter. This is not bad, since most of the humor is funny and serves as a good contrast to the rest of the film. The ending of this tale coincides very well with the end of the film's engaging storyline, which is a very sinister and yet humorous ending to a very good movie. Also, look at the shocking little guy about Christopher Lee in Dracula. Nice touch, I think. <br /> <br /> Overall, if you want a horror bus, you really can not go wrong with The House that Dripped Blood. The third tale only makes the movie worthy of its time and this is a very solid horror film, in fact.
