Having seen the Peter O'Toole version recently, I was ready to impress with the clever writing of this version. Little time is spent in the fight, which I prefer. Instead, all the underlying motives are shown both to French and English politicians (who held Normandy) as well as to the priests who killed her. Even the worst hypocrite of them all, the archbishop, leaves us with the thought that "Of course she was innocent." The innocent had always had to suffer for the ambitions of the powerful. She had no idea what she was saying, she had no idea She had no idea what the Church was about. "Preminger was faithful to the myths surrounding his death, and I appreciated the on the tape that showed the flames coming and burning it. Because? They used gas jets in the film, and two of them were stopped. Suddenly, the pressure of the air put out the stoppage and the flames went right up to it. Luckily for her, they did not have to repeat the shot as it was so realistic: it was being burned !! Pretty traumatic introduction for an Iowa girl in her new acting career. <br /> <br /> John Gielgud performed exceptionally well. He's the English politician who's orchestrating the show. It also makes the point that once you sentence someone to death, you do not want to be around to watch them die. You can get away from your "duty" next time ... not that such delicacies bother the soul of our would-be president. We, Christians, even the most anti-Semitic, have no problem resorting to the Old Testament when it comes to capital punishment, even if it has been nullified by the words of Jesus. Bring public executions like the girl's. Smelling burnt flesh can bring us respectable people to the senses of our souls. <br /> <br /> The only small 'choice' I have about this movie is that we are not shown why the priest who has so vehemently insisted on his burning becomes so suddenly so contrite, to the point of madness . There should have been more expansion of his character, more dialogues - since the sudden "falling into itself" makes no sense. <br /> <br /> And if Graham Greene does it deliberately or not, Joan is so arrogant and self-confident that you're almost, but not quite, happy to find her successful. And when she refused life in prison for some reason, I thought of Anne Sexton, the poet who accused Sylvia Plath of "stealing her death" when she committed suicide ... knowing that such action guarantees immortality. You have to imagine !! <br /> <br /> If ever there was a good example of obsessive thinking and logical compartments, this is one of them. St. Joan should have become Buddhist and quieted the "voices in her mind."
