Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (screenplay by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions in his day. It was smeared by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the public did not respond to a movie that lacked the pity and glamor expected of a historic parade. As in "Peeping Tom," the reaction was malicious and unwarranted. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of effects and actions around Joan of Arc (her real name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original play, not only on the literal emotional level, but formally as well. His film is a Brechtian examination of the functioning of institutions, the division in and out of various factions, all wanting to take power. As such, we can not identify on an emotional level with any of the characters, including Joan herself. As interpreted by Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life offers a sinister parallel to his role here), she is presented as an innocent, a figure of purity whose own acts and presence reveal corruption and emptiness in all. As such, Seberg interprets her as Santa and Crazy. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which appears in some places) conveys the freshness and youth of Jeanne, revealing the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble, illiterate peasant who went out to protect her village and her intelligence Natural. No way she deserves the harsh criticism she got from the first release of the film, it's a performance far beyond the reach and appeal of any beginning actress with no previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view of Joan as a feminist of the medieval age, not content to be a rough daughter who has the destiny to marry or be taken by soldiers away from the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions she mixes with words like "imagination" and "common sense" lead her to use the armor of her fellow soldiers to get them to fight to expel the invading Englishman from France. <br /> <br /> And yet it can be said that the film is more interested in the court of the Dauphin (Richard Widmark), the clerical office that attempts Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably converted) and the actions of the Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud), then in Joan herself. The superb cast (all males) portrays figures of intriguing schemers, Machiavellians (though history precedes Niccolò) who treat religion as a child's toy to be used and manipulated for its own purposes. The sharp sarcastic dialogue gives the actors great fun to release. John Gielgud as the eminently rational Count whose intelligence, (though accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate the precise way in which he can ensure Joan is burned at the stake and Pierre Cauchon of Anton Walbrook brings a three-dimensional portrait to this clever theologian who will give to Joan the fair trial that will certainly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as the Dauphin is a true revelation. As a counter-cast casting choice you've encountered, Widmark portrays France's fragile future ruler in a frenetic, comic caricature that is as close as this movie comes to comic relief. A comic performance that looks like an imitation of Jerry Lewis, much more than a brash future ruler of France. Preminger filmed "Saint Joan" in black and white, director of photography is Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and who made "The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp" in color. It is perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film. Preminger's preference for accompanying long, uninterrupted sockets is critical to the film's effectiveness, there is no sense of wasted motion anywhere in its scene. <br /> <br /> It also marks the direction of most of Preminger's films. (and the most neglected period), their focus is on the conflict between the individuals and institutions in which they work, how the institution functions, and how the individual acts according to his or her principles. These themes receive his most direct treatment in his film and, as always, he keeps things unpredictable and does not find answers in black and white. This is one of his best and most effective films.
