Fräulein Doktor is as good a demonstration as how the once-big film industry in Western Europe has declined in the last 40 years. So in the late 1960s, while the big Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France, and England were producing movies to fill the void left by the decline of Hollywood. There were photos of James Bond (Doctor No was a hit in the US, was first released in the Century Cinema chain in New York with 99 cents entry), the spaghetti westerns Clint Eastwood (with A Fistful of Dollars released by a distributor who never paid Italian producers a dime) and French crime films that usually went to art houses, with exceptions like The Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions like Doctor Jivago and, of course, Fräulein Doktor. With his big budget for the time and the world talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough for the viewers to still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, who plays a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doktor where he tells a captured spy to speak or he will play the Wall Game. The wall is in front of a firing squad, with little chance of the spy winning the game. This kind of cynical attitude crossed national borders well in the era of the Vietnam War of 1969. The hot scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not hurt the chances of these artists getting parts of Hollywood movies, Hollywood studios were in the process to abandon its distribution and production business abroad. Fox would no longer co-produce films such as The Sicilian Clan, Columbia would not distribute films such as Belmondo's The Call of the Night. MGM went even further, cutting off almost all film production, selling its chain of cinemas in India for the value of the land and unloading its Borehamwood studio while Kerkorian sacked the studio to raise money for the construction of its casino in Las Vegas. The casino gift shop sold MGM souvenirs at discounted prices, leftover from the MGM sheds auction. Paramount distributed Fräulein Doktor, but Charles and Bludhorn, from Gulf and Western, who had taken over the company and the studio's former Board of Directors, unloaded the film library from the studio to Universal (although I remember) and really became interested in films after the production boss Robert Evans began to launch one hit after another. But that was in the 1970s. Fräulein Doktor with his lesbian scene was buried, with cut versions of the movie appearing on local stations through the '80s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was generally labeled as a bumbling guy when he was over old, especially on the BBC. detective series Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British film Titanic, he played his standard British officer. In Fräulein Doktor, he had the chance to be much tougher than usual, if I remember correctly. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is accurate, about its role and of course the cavalry horses wearing gas masks and protective covers for battle. That was one scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was a director, commanding this World War I espionage film, where money spent on production figures actually appears on screen.
