EL MAR is a hard, austere, totally brilliant and courageous work of cinematographic art. Director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation of Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida from Blai Bonet's novel, has created a film that traces the profound effects of war on children's minds and how this exposure ruins adult life. And although the focus is on the hideous war tattoo on children, the transfer to similar effects on soldiers and citizens of adulthood is clear. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without resorting to panfletting: the end result has a much greater impact because of its inherent history after the children march into adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children is shown in the Spanish Civil War of Spain, threatened with blackouts and invasive night killing of citizens. Ramila (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Júlia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) witness the terror of the murder of men and the revenge that leads one to murder and commit suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, carrying all the psychic illnesses and repressed traumas in their minds. <br /> <br /> We then find the three surviving to adulthood, where everyone is confined to a tuberculosis hospital. Ramallah (Roger Casamajor) survived as a prostitute, protected by his "joão" Morell (Juli Mira), and kept his lifestyle private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a fragile sexually repressed gay man whose cover is his commitment to Catholicism and the blurring of delusional self-mutilation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) became a nun and serves the patients in the sanatorium. The three are regrouped by their environment in the sanatorium, and slowly each of them reveals the scars of their childhood experiences with war. While she longs for the love of Ramallah, Ramala wishes to be free of her Morell, and Francisca must face her own inner needs, covered by the habit of her white nun. <br /> <br /> The setting of the sanatorium provides a graphic plan where thinness A thread between life and death, between lust and love, and between devotion and destruction is thrown away. Further detail would destroy the film's impact on the individual viewer, but suffice it to say that explicit sex and total nudity are involved (in some of the most unbelievably crude scenes ever captured in the film) and the viewer must be prepared to witness every form of brutality imaginable . For this spectator these scenes are of extreme importance and the Director Villaronga should be applauded for his perseverance and bravery in making this history so intense. The actors, both as children and adults, are splendid: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are especially good at extremely difficult roles. The cinematography of Jaime Peracaula and the astonishing soundtrack of Javier Navarrete meet the vision of the director. A difficult film, but highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its aftermath. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
