Leslie Charteris' series of novels on the adventures of the somewhat sombre Simon Templar ("The Saint") was brought to the screen in the late 1930s, with the future George Sanders as Templar. It was a careful choice - Sanders used to play villains with occasional "cool roles" (ffoliott in FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE, the title hero in THE STRANGE CASE OF UNCLE HARRY, Robert Montgomery's "best friend" in RAGE IN HEAVEN). Here, his willingness to deflect the rules and break a law briefly adjusted to his "heavy personality," while his good looks and gentle demeanor made Templar a somber hero like Chester Morris's "Boston Blackie," and point) Peter Lorre "Mr. Moto". <br /> <br /> Movies are not the best mystery series of movies - but they are useful. Like the Rathbone series, Holmes, or the Oland, Chan series, the show often had actors repeat roles or play new roles (the film's anti-heroine was played by Wendy Barrie, who would appear in a second film in the series ). These slightly familiar movie sets make the series a comfortable experience for viewers, who hear the buzz of dialogue (always showing Sanders' ability to keep one step ahead of the bad guys), without noticing the obvious flaws in the plot. All these mysteries are flawed by the fact that even the best writers of the genre can not avoid repeating old ideas over and over and over again. <br /> <br /> Here the moment this happened was when one of the actors admitted his affection for Barrie, of which she was very aware. Shortly after, he tries to protect her from the police. But as the film dealt with the identity of a criminal, it became obvious that such a person was so noble as to deserve to be the mysterious mentor (that is, the script disguised him as the least likely suspect). Barrie is behind the evidence that his father (who died in prison) was framed by the real criminals in an assault gang. She has several people helping her - mugs like William Gargan - and she gets advice from the mentor about planning embarrassing assaults that can not be stuck in her. D.A. who has the doomed father (Jerome Cowan) is determined to get Barrie and his gang. The only detective who seems to have a chance to solve the case is Jonathan Hale, who is following Sanders, but reluctantly working with him. <br /> <br /> The cast has some good moments in the script - Hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich lobster dinner made for Sanders by Willie Best. He gets a serious discomfort, allowing Sanders and Barrie to flee from Sanders' apartment. Best has to remind him (when he feels better) of going to a location that Sanders told him to go at a certain time. <br /> <br /> There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. Usually playing decent people (like the beaten husband in Between Two Worlds), he plays a socially prominent weak here - whose death is reminiscent of a character in a Bogart movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, a movie well done for the second half of a movie billing in 1939. It will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.
