"Gespenster" Issue of being legal in German cinema <br /> <br /> There have not been many German films in the last ten years that interest me so much. Yes, the problem of most German films is in this movie "Gespenster" as well. It is in some places not to bake to be good to see. Especially the figure of Toni (Sabine Timento) is very cool. But that's in German films always like that. Everyone should learn this coolne - it's the realism in these movies. This is difficult to understand. But in this case it makes some sense because it steals and mind - she's the kind of girl you'd better never love because you lose her. This is not clear to the other girl Nina in this movie. She loves her - and she would lose it. But Nina lost everything. She will play with gentle emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you must accept, said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. This is as frequent as it is in German films. Because? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - she is outside - and there she has no chance. This movie tries not to everywhere give it a share inside. This is one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw it all away - and do not go anywhere! But the actress plays this difficult part very interesting. On the other side - there parents - they are the pendant for the two girls. The has a car - a hotel suite - money and lives in the world with opera music. But the film is always some distance away to look like. There is not much explanation about them. <br /> <br /> In the center of this movie, there is a scene that you will never forget. The two girls came to a casting. And there they should tell how they meet together. In this scene Toni is lying. She told a fantastic story - it has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introverted way. There is no exposure in it. She looks into the background and says what happened here. This is a great time. In the next scene of the party with pictures in red this feeling is happening - Toni is leaving ... <br /> <br /> Ok, the movie will end - in the German way of coolne - garbage - here o A circle of sadness is closing. But there was a moment - where something else is happening - and that moment was important. He is more than the German coolneß - and at the moment they are rare in the German cinema!
