"Gespenster" (2005) forms together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), the director's Gespenster trilogy Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the German film directors of our crème-de-la- cream More or less, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter had been kidnapped as a 3-year-old while her mother turned her head for 1 minute in Berlin - and was never seen all the time. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin whenever there is a possibility and search, by way of a photograph in time, girls of the age of approximately the current age of her age. As we heard later in the film, the mother was often convinced that she had found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when she meets Nina, everything is quite different. <br /> <br /> The film brings no solutions, not even partial solutions, and, in fact, is quite disappointing. We are not being equipped to decide whether the mother is really crazy or not, whether her real daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointing is the end. After what we have witnessed in the film, it is an imposition for the observer that he is left alone when the author leaves Nina alone. The simple walk, symbolizing that nothing has changed, can be a strong effect of dramaturgy (eg in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster" it is displaced. Since the critics I have suggested Freudian motives in this film, let me give my own attempt: Why do not similar people know each other, especially the people whom another similar person knows? This is a rather insane question, agreed from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, according to which the notion of the individual is valid. The individual is a person who does not share his defining characteristics with anyone else. So the Aristotelian answer to my question is: they do not know each other because their resemblance is by pure change. Everyone who is not insane believes that. However, what happens to the case, if these similar people share other similarities that can hardly be by change, and. scarves left under the ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under the right shoulder? This is the metaphysical context from which this film is made, though I'm not sure if even the director realized it. In spite of our modern, Aristotelian world, superstition, preserved in the mythologies of people around the world, that similar people also share parts of their individuality, and that individuality, therefore, is not something erratic but diffusional, so that borders among people are open, such and similar believe that they build a strong backbone of irrationalism despite our strongly rational thinking - a source of Gespenster of the most interesting kind.
