This is no longer a fiery look at the Holocaust, but rather an intimate story about the events that took place on a small Berlin street and some of the people involved. This film begins at the present time in New York, where Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) is mourning the death of her husband and relatives reunited to his side. Ruth's daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) slowly discovers that her mother was raised by an Aryan woman named Lena Fischer (Doris Schade) and then she travels to Germany and locates the 90-year-old who tells about events in Rosenstrasse . SPOILER SPEAKER ***** Lena talks about Berlin in 1943, where the Gestapo would keep all the Jewish spouses in a building on the Street Rosenstrasse, even if they were supposed to. have immunity for being married to Arians and for nine days a group of women would wait outside and shout for release. Ruth (Svea Lohde), eight, expects her mother to leave and has nowhere to go, but she knows Lena (Katja Riemann), 33, who welcomes her. Lena's husband, Fabian (Martin Feifel) is also inside her. to socialize with the Nazi officials to make them do something. <br /> <br /> This film is directed by Margarethe von Trotta, who is making her first feature film in almost 10 years after working on television and while this is clearly not one of her most provocative efforts, she remains one of Europe's most revered directors. This is not one of those Nazi movies in which we see horrific acts of inhumanity to the Jews, although we see some severe treatment being emitted, but instead it is more a rereading of a small event that meant life and death for the people involved. This movie is not trying to shock anyone or open the door to debates about circumstances, but what it simply wants to do is just shed light on a small but true life event that occurred during a historical period. Part of the strength of the films comes from their actors and there are some good performances that shine especially for Riemann and young Lohde and it is always good to see Schremer (Aimee & Jaguar) in a key role. This is not a great movie or something that will change your perspective on World War II, but considering that innocent lives have been killed because of the events that have happened, I think only reason is important enough to recount this true story.
