I am always surprised at how many times you will see something about World War II on German national television. You would think they do not like opening old wounds, but there is not a week that passes without a documentary or a movie about the horror and atrocities of this war. Maybe it's a way of dealing with their past, I do not know, but you certainly can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it has to be said: most of these documentaries are really worth it because they never try to cover up the truth and the same can be said about their films (eg on "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" as you maybe now) , which are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is "Rosenstrasse". He tells a true story that deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the war, although the film begins with a family in the US today. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly became an Orthodox Jew, although she had not been very religious before. She does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but when she starts digging up her mother's troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little she has ever known about her mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that This movie deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already rather surprising. As far as I know, there was no other film that deals with this subject. (For those who still did not know this: being married to a pure Aryan man or woman meant to many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they had to work in a factory.) But that does not just say something about the problems of mixed marriages, but it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and relatives. How difficult it was sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most often women, did everything possible to free their men, since they were captured and locked, for example, in Rosenstrasse ... < The acting is very good and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning has not done it for me (and that's exactly the only part you'll see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left out a large part of what happens these days. At least from the part that is in the US, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows more about her mother's past, it definitely works. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in everything that has something to do with World War II, and if you are not necessarily looking for many action scenes then this is definitely a movie you should see. This is not a movie in which you'll see battles or shootings, but it's certainly an interesting movie because it gives you an idea about one aspect of the war about which little is known. I give it 8/10.
