At Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a vibrant tapestry of love and courage. The film portrays a family drama of estrangement between a mother and her daughter, and the story of German women who staged a protest at Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from a certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the focus of the film is the salvation of a child from the Holocaust by a German and the result of the child's experience of losing his mother. While Von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans made the difference, she does not use it to excuse German society. In fact, it shows how, in the midst of torture and extermination, the rich artists and intellectuals of German high society continued to talk about their lives and parties, unrelated to suffering. The Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit in Shiva, a seven-day mourning period that takes place after a funeral in which family members Judaica devote all attention to the remembrance and mourning of the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is barred from receiving phone calls from her fiancé Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Ana questions why her mother suddenly decided to follow an orthodox tradition that she had previously rejected. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah interrogates her and learns about a woman named Lena, who took Ruth as a child when her mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis, and promised to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. Her mission takes her to Berlin, where she meets Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety, and the interview on the pretext that she is a journalist who is researching certain aspects of the Holocaust. With an unfailing memory, Lena tells her story of how, as a 33-year-old (Katja Reimann), she sought out her husband, the Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and is presumed to have been arrested despite the protection usually given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a radiant performance of Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held prisoners in an old factory in Rosenstrasse. Standing together in the icy night, the German women whose husband is missing meet outside the building, their numbers grow daily until they reach a thousand, shouting "give back our husbands." Lena meets Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young woman whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protecting her from the Gestapo and educating her after her mother is killed. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is an officer of the Wehrmacht. After being refused help from her father to free Fabian, she asks for the help of her brother, who tells an official colleague, "I know what they do to the Jews. Given her support, she is daring enough to bypass the canals and go to the top, where her beauty and charm are irresistible to Culture Minister Joseph Goebbels, a well-known womanizer. Although this fictional part of the film has been criticized as demeaning for protesting women, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making the decisions that affect Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. He directed a film about the socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story of the relationship between two sisters, one of whom resorts to political violence to achieve their liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film that she worked for eight years, she had to make compromises, adding the fictional element present to have her film produced. The fact that it works so well is a tribute to the art of von Trotta and the beautiful script by Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events at Rosenstrasse deny the Germans, who say "there was nothing we could do." Now Von Trotta has shown that the opposite is true, that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example did not catch.
