Born in Berlin in 1942, Margarethe von Trotta was an actress and is now a very important director and writer. She was described, perhaps even unfairly caricatured, as a director whose commitment to bring a woman's sensitivity to the screen outweighs her artistic strengths. "Rosenstrasse," which received mixed and even bizarre criticism (the New York Times article was one of the most aggressive reviews I've ever read in that newspaper) is not a perfect movie. It is a beautiful film and a testament to a rare fusion of successful opposition to the genocide of the Nazi regime by all the generically impotent Germans demonstrating on a Berlin street. The real incident of Rosenstrasse in the context of a young woman's search for information on the mother never revealed her life as a child in the German capital during World War II. <br /> Ruth Weinstein's husband (Jutta Lampe) died. and in a startling reversal of an apparently long-term orthodox Jewish lifestyle, Ruth not only "sits shivah" (the week-long mourning ritual of Jews), but insists on following the strict prohibitions of her faith . His apartment in New York reflects the affluence guaranteed by the works of the deceased spouse. Her daughter-in-the-United States, Hannah (Maria Schrader) and her brother are somewhat baffled by the assumption of restrictive orthodox Jewish practices, but the mother coldly rejects the presence of Hannah's fiancé, a non-Jew named Luis (Fedja van Huet ). A domestic crisis may explode when Ruth warns that she will deny Hannah if she does not give up on love, beautiful Louis. Stay tuned. <br /> <br /> A cousin comes to pay his respects and also leaves clues to a Hannah interested in a war mystery about her mother's childhood in Berlin. Hannah is intrigued - she asks her mother that she resolutely refuses to discuss this part of her life. This is very, very realistic. I grew up with parents who fled Nazi Germany just in time and I met many children whose families, all but generally in part, escaped the Holocaust. Those days were simply not discussed. <br /> <br /> So, Hannah, having learned that a German Gentile woman saved Ruth's life, went to Berlin hoping to find the savior still breathing. If it was not, this would have been a very short film. But Ruth, pretending to be a historian, finds 90-year-old Lena Fischer (Doris Schade), now a widow. As the happy-to-be-interviewed, but shaken by repressed memories Lena tells her story, the scenes change quite perfectly between present-day Berlin and the wartime capital. <br /> <br /> Young Lena of 1943 (Katja Riemann) was an excellent pianist married to a Jewish violinist, Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). With the advent of the Nazi regime, he was forced to use "Israel" as the middle name, just as Jewish women had to add "Sarah" to their names (incidentally, I wish the IMDb had not given Fabian his list of characters with the false "Israel" included - he simply perpetuates a name applied by the Nazis as a mark of classification and degradation). <br /> <br /> While Germany deported most of its Jewish population to concentration camps, those married to "Aryans" were dismissed. For a while. Until 1943, when the regime also decided to take them (most were men, a minority were Jewish women married to non-Jews). The roundup is shown here in all its scary intensity. <br /> <br /> Young Lena tries to locate her husband. All she and many other women know is that they are confined to a building on Rosenstrasse. The crowd of anxious women are gathering, some desperately asking for help from German officials who predictably refuse help and also verbally abuse them ("a prostitute who loves Jews" is a denomination). As a sub-plot, Lena more or less adopts Ruth, an eight-year-old who hid when her mother was captured (remember, Ruth is now sitting in shiva in Manhattan). The child Ruth is portrayed by Svea Lohde. <br /> <br /> Through increasingly furious protests, women finally prevail. Men and a handful of women are set free. As in the real history that the Nazis gave, one of the rare, almost unprecedented moments when the insane recognized defeat in their homicidal agenda (another was the end of the euthanasia campaign to rid the Reich of chronic mental defects and chronic invalids, but this is another story. Von Trotta builds the tension and every woman's story is personal and universal. Hannah continues to nudge the aging Lena, who slowly meets up, begins to suspect that she is not dealing with a common historian, but rather with someone who you need to learn about the girl you rescued, the child whose mother was murdered. <br /> <br /> The contrasts between Rosenstrasse of 1943, a set, and the street today in a unified, rebuilt and bustling Berlin, provide a recurring thematic element. of today has the inheritance, but not the scars of a monstrous past. <br /> <br /> Von Trotta speaks very well of this. <br /> <br /> The main actors are uniformly impressive. but strong, is also shown to be totally helpless in the confinement trap, with a likely prospect of deportation (which is clearly understood by all characters - including the local police and military - as an outward journey to oblivion). Older Ruth is catalytically forced to confront demons that have long been repressed in her happy life in New York. Hannah is very believable as a young woman whose father's death unleashes the need to discover the past of her family. These things happen (although the Times critic does not seem to know this). <br /> <br /> Von Trotta's hand is certain, but not perfect. A scene with Goebbels in a soiree enjoying Lena's violin is unnecessary and distracted. The suggestion that she might have gone to bed with the propaganda minister, Hitler's most adoring worshiper to save her husband, diminishes the marvelous performance of spouses and demonstrative relatives. Most of the German officers come from the foundry center and are shaped by the "copy and paste" school of Erich von Stroheim's Teutonic evil. But this is understandable. The history of Rosenstrasse has been a subject of books and articles and some claim that it is a paradigmatic argument to argue that many Jews could have been saved if more Germans protested. Unfortunately this argument is nonsense. The German women who occupied Rosenstrasse were deeply and understandably interested in themselves. Most of the Germans were located on a line between passive and virulent anti-Semitism. That is why the Rosenstrasse protest was virtually singular. Whether one buys or rejects Goldenhagen's thesis that most Germans were willing accomplices to true killers, one can not deny that endemic pre-Nazi anti-Semitism exploded in a virulent tension from 1933 onwards. Lena, the elderly, notes that what was accomplished by women was "a ray of light" in an evil time. Most of the men and women who survived death survived the war. Thus "it was a ray of light" and Von Trotta's film is a beacon of illumination, showing that some were saved by the courage of largely ordinary women, and for every life saved, there is an occasion for celebration. And always will be. <br /> <br /> 9/10
