I do not think many movies (especially comedies) have added a memorable dialogue, like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate this - you may see a remarkably long list of quotations in this topic - but any film that can do subjects like defending the use of expensive copper pipes instead of brass for plumbing purposes in memorable dialogs is incredible for me. It is not the only line that appears and prints in our memory. How about a restaurant waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal because that will mean the loss of an old single client? Or a good old dog, spurring his pack to howl at the moon? Or Perry's (John Mahoney) description of a young girl's promise as "moonlight in a martini" (my favorite quote). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of brilliant script, first-line direction and a good cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (THE OX-BOW INCIDENT drama is another example, but darker). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all involved in plotting and cross purposes that examine the nature of love and how to deal with it. Is it good to be totally in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that true love makes the guy crazy (and Cage also realizes it, when he and Cher discuss it outside the house after they return from the opera La Boheme). It is men's infidelity a way to avoid thoughts of death. Dukakis believes that yes and (curiously - although he is not totally convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity - Dukakis realizes early that Gardenia's strange behavior is linked to infidelity, and Cher literally stumbles on Gardenia and his girlfriend at the opera (but Gardenia is also faced with similar infidelity from Cher to Aiello). But chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin trips in Dukakis walking with John Mahoney and thinks she is having an affair. <br /> <br /> There are also lovely little moments in the movie. Cher's remark about flowers leading to receive one. She listened to the discussion at the liquor store and its resolution. But the best is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as the uncle and aunt of Cher Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's charming and kind commentary on Raymond's effect on the moonlight. It's the sweetest moment in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It's close to a flawless movie. After seeing it more than a dozen times in so many years, I can only find two points that do not look as smooth as they should be. When Cher is in Cage's bakery, her assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions how secretly she is in love with Cage, but is afraid to tell him. Earlier she was a little annoyed at Cher, who put her in her place quickly. Still nothing seems to be done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit the daily profits of her uncle and aunt in business is brought momentarily into the final seven minutes of the movie - but it also falls fast. Should there be some plot lines that have been discarded, plus one about Cher and Vincent Gardenia working in the shelter of a homeless man as penance? It's a little annoyance, but I think it's based only on the desire to see more movies, because it's very good.
