This movie is still a favorite of all time. Only a pretentious, moodless jerk would not appreciate this wonderful film. This movie looks like a slice of hot apple pie topped with French vanilla ice cream! I think this is Cher's best work and his most credible performance. Cher has always been blessed with charisma, good looks and an enviably lean figure. Whether you like her singing or not - who else does Cher look like? Cher definitely made her mark in the entertainment industry and will be remembered for a long time after the others came and went. She's one of the most original artists out there. It's funny, because who would have thought of Cher as a naturally talented actress? She's upside down from the so-called "stars" movie today. Cher is a real actress on the same level as Debra Winger, Alfre Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and a few others, in which she never seems to be "acting", she really becomes the character convincingly. She more than deserved the respect of her peers and the audience that goes to the movies. <br /> <br /> Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - the characters, the scenery, the dialogue, the food. I never get tired of watching this movie. Every time I see the scene where everyone is sitting around the dining table at Rose's house, I stop the remote to see exactly what delicious Rose food is. serving. I saw the spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can not see if they are eating ravioli, ziti? What is the main course? It sounds wonderful and it's driving me crazy! Everyone in that family was a hardworking individual and they respected and cared for each other. The grandfather was not set aside and tolerated; he was a vital part of the family and he was heard and respected for his age and wisdom. He also seemed to be a very healthy and independent father. Loretta's mother was not "just a housewife," she was the glue that kept the family together and was an exemplary example of what a wife, mother, and house manager should aspire to be. . She was proud of the lifestyle she chose, but it did not let her define who she was. High-powered entrepreneurs are not as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini. Notice the spicy way she said, "I had no children until after the age of 37. It did not end until the end." You have the feeling that she was the kind of young woman who did exactly what she wanted and got her way without the other person noticing what had happened. She was charming, insightful, and very clever. What a great mother! In fact, I did not like Loretta much because she seemed a little knowledgeable that she was not as adventurous and had control of herself as she wanted others to think. . She could tell others about themselves and where they had gone wrong, but she did not really apply common sense in her own life. She would marry a middle-aged mother's boy simply because she wanted a husband and a sense of identity and purpose for her life. She was more conventional than her own mother. She dressed and wore her hair like a matron in a house of detention and seemed without humor and bored, but underneath you felt that she was vulnerable and lonely and had lots of love to give the right man. She would probably end up making an incredible mother too. <br /> <br /> I could see in the future, a house full of happy and noisy children of Loretta and Ronnie and Rose and Cosmo enjoying every minute of it.
