Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a thirty-something woman, a widow who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a bland man, more of a resigned duty than true love. Before marriage, Johnny makes a trip to visit his mother who is sick and leaves Loretta to play the olive leaf with his brother Ronny, notifying him of his impending marriage. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny for being the cause of his accident that caused him the loss of his hand (and, later, his then fiancée), but he falls in love with Loretta, and hard. After a heated affair, Loretta, out of respect for Johnny, tries to avoid Ronny, but her somber appearance and overwhelming masculinity conquer her. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), is not only suspecting her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) is seeing another woman, but also a source of admiration for a college professor and wondering why men chase women . Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can not get married. <br /> <br /> Montage is pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding for Italian Americans living in New York, is genuine: he has the idiosyncrasies of these people and their weaknesses and day-to-day peculiarities, and all the characters have a deep romanticism that transpires at key moments in history. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knowing that her chances of happiness are small, emerges slowly as a woman who is so drawn by the sudden recognition of the love that becomes the heroine of La Boheme - the one that recognizes the love of man with a wooden hand (in a clever inversion of gender), and Cher inhabits the role and makes her and, in her own style, subtly exchanges her frustration for a deep and somber beauty. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage emanates male power as if channeling Marlon Brando. Castorini and Cappomaggi, counterbalancing the central couple, express their love for each other in two crucial moments: the last couple, on the night of the full moon, when Loretta and Ronny consummate their romance - a rare scene that portrays love and intimacy among the the elderly - and the first at a tense moment during breakfast, when Rose reveals, in moving words, that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her lover Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and date film of choice, but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among ordinary people. The ending is a tour de force of emotional impact, the family situation goes beyond the momentary complications to cement it in the tradition that goes back to the days of immigrants, and is one that elevates this film of just being another well-being film for One classic . MOONSTRUCK deservedly earned her Oscar for Best Writing, Actress and Supporting Actress, and proved to grow beyond her time.
