I saw Heartland when it was released in 1980 and I just saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for indie movie lovers. At a time when most American films are little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland presents itself as a slice of American history. It is also a reminder of how most of us modern and urbanized Americans are spoiled. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is overdone or phased. No one is declaiming speeches about Hollywood movies. The actors actually inhabit their roles. This really sounds like a "small" movie, but actually it's bigger than most Hollywood multi-million dollar productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who never did anything better than that), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter, Jerrine (Megan Folsom), is living in Denver but wants more opportunities. She announces to a position as governess. The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors), a Scottish farmer, himself a widower, with a property outside of Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move to Stewart's little house on the property. It is an arid, tree-less pasture, a place of infinite vistas where silence is broken only by the sounds made by these people and their animals. It is guaranteed that the person feels small. The three characters go through long periods without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart ends up being taciturn to the point of being almost silent. "I can not talk to the man," Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," replies Grandma. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of only two other characters that are seen more than fleetingly. She came to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years ago and manages the ranch alone now that she is also a widow. The grandmother is the nearest neighbor (and the local midwife) and still lives ten miles away! The other supporting character is Jack, the contractor (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> The routine of Elinore (and her employer) is endless work, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be done, fixed or hand-made. This is the real meat of the movie: watching the everyday lives of these farmers as they struggle against nature to pluck the life of the land. But despite constant fatigue and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. She discovers that the tract adjacent to Stewart's was not claimed. Impulsively, she files a claim on the estate (twelve dollars, or nearly two weeks of payment!), Meaning that if she lives on it (and she must actually live there) and works for ten years, she will have the deed for it. Of course, Stewart learns what she did. With ruthless logic, he points out that without money, without livestock, without credit and without assets, he has no chance of success. He then offers a solution: he proposes marriage. Elinore stunned realizes that this is the only real alternative, and accepted. <br /> <br /> We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian - he wants land and free labor - but we see this, in fact he is genuinely in love with Elinore and they grow up together as a couple. She gets pregnant; she goes into labor in the midst of a blizzard in the middle of winter; Clyde travels for hours on horseback, through the storm, sixteen miles to Grandma's house and ten miles behind, only to announce Grandma was not there. This is more like real life than it is nice, personal. Elinore has the baby alone, without any help. Their son is still a baby when he falls ill and dies. They lose half the cattle for the vicious winter. They fight. The last sequence of the film is supposedly optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the first head, the calf is in a presentation of breech footling. He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, tricks, falsehood or special effects: What you see is what happened, personal: A calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn in the light of a lamp. With that, the movie does not end as much as simply stopping, leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole, not just by its end. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and consideration. It will be watched for a long time after most of the films of the last generation were forgotten long ago.
