I'm usually a sucker for romantic movies that are well filmed and well played. This is a romantic film (period) set in seventeenth-century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact of being a period film means that it will inevitably be slower than the films set in the modern era, so Will endured some. If you can ignore this fact, it really is a very good movie. The setting, the costumes and the cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actresses are very attractive in their representations, projecting the intensity of the emotions that are being exhibited in the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is an accurate portrayal of the characters in real life. Despite the fact that I was really touched by the main characters and the plot, I decided to check the validity of the story and found that the main theme of the film's history - that of a sad unfinished story of love - was completely fabricated. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi initially, instead of submitting to her advances willingly and passionately as the film had portrayed. She continued to have sex with him only because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he * did not * admit to guilty rape for the torture of Artemisia (contrary to what the film portrays). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a loose, promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual desires. In the film, her sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sex with her sister-in-law, and Tassi's character did all along to make it sound like his sister was slandering him about his alleged affair with his sister. sister-in-law (although he admits to having had a wife in Florence). Needless to say, in reality, it was not really so. In fact, far from it. Tassi was actually responsible in the planned murder of his wife, which he had generated from rape. And to add to that, Tassi actually had sex with his sister-in-law, impregnating her in the process, but all of that was not very mutual either - again, he'd raped his sister-in-law before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the true Tassi as a multiple sex offender, what do we do with the portrait that Artemisia makes of him as a lover? We take this as an attempt to make this film into a romantic movie ... that this film was never meant to be historically accurate ... In addition to these points mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies as in his interpretation of the art of Artemisia real, she was never really influenced by Tassi's painting style, and she was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi.) One thing remains true and it is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi was credited as the first woman painter in history , and though her mastery of art rivaled many of her male colleagues, she always had difficulty obtaining enough credit for her work because of her gender as a woman in seventeenth-century Italy. <br /> <br /> This movie by itself, as it is a good romantic drama, but take your historical references with a grain of salt.
