Rock solid giallo by a master filmmaker of the genre, Sergio Martino. Formed from a wonderful screenplay by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating twists to the fantastic ending that most can not see coming throughout the film. It's when it all fit that we can go, "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of a husband (in a plane explosion) and the million dollars his wife receives from him. There are those with great interest in this money, one in particular being lover of the dead man. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the lover demanding half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows death was arranged by her to get insurance money. Lara says she's going to use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. So the film already produces two possible suspects in the later murder of Lisa, who waits for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who earn heir to see if the payday has been gathered under suspicious means. When, in her turn, Lisa is killed by a man dressed in black and white in her hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to investigate for a while, while also helping Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) in their quest to find a killer. The killer attacks several times, eliminating anyone around the millions of dollars lost confiscated by the person responsible for Lisa's murder. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious and delicious Anita Strindberg), while she and Peter meet for dinner, where she could try sniffing out anything that could break a story for her. Soon they fall deeply in love, but it seems that anyone close to Peter is dead. Soon someone attacks Cléo with the intent to kill, which leads to further investigation into an unknown territory. Why would anyone want to harm a journalist without real facts to harm the person who is killing people? <br /> <br /> This giallo is quite intelligent and exciting to follow. The film never calms what is quite remarkable since so much happens leaving open the question of the identity of the assassin. This film follows the path of the gialli with cuts of knife because of a certain standard that the killer has taken (the throat and the lower trunk). The film's conclusion involves all the complex loose ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique camera angles, but delivers the products in terms of driving the plot and running the mystery.
