Sergio Martino recently impressed me with his classics from Giallo, 'Wardh's Strange Addiction' and the unforgettable title 'Your Addiction is a Closed Room and Only I Have the Key' - but even then, I was not expecting much from this movie. The Scorpion Tail Case is not mentioned as much as the above mentioned titles when it comes to a classic discussion about Giallo - but I do not know why, because that's at least as good as those two! Dario Argento may be the "king" of Giallo, but with the five films he made - Sergio Martino is certainly not far behind. In a way, he even surpasses the master. All Martino's films were released before Argento's crown jewel, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, in the early seventies - Martino was king! The plot here follows the idea of ​​murder for profit and follows the insurance payment of a rich man. His wife inherits $ 1 million, and it will not be long before there are people for his blood! When she appears dead soon afterward, an insurance investigator and a handsome and courageous young journalist accompany the case. The Scorpion's Tail Case can not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but there are two of Martino's collaborators on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino in The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh and All the Colors of the Dark, along with several other Giallos. Hilton has a great presence on screen and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; it becomes obvious because it is repeatedly thrown. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered by her Vice is a closed room, stars next to Hilton and excellent provides the classic female lead of Giallo. Sergio Martino does a good job in the director's chair once again, with several beautiful scenes - the best of them taking place in a room filled with green lighting! The score of Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) is excellent, but it is the script that, once again, is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer of four other Giallo de Martino, put together a script that is exciting, although it is far from the common trap Giallo of not making sense; thus releasing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The Scorpion Tail Case is a quality film by Giallo, and one more success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you will love it!
