The case of Sergio Martino, The Scorpion's Tail, is a giallo scenic of the apogee of the 70's of the genre. An explosion in a plane results in a million dollars in insurance money for a bereaved but unfaithful wife. The money is subsequently snatched by a killer dressed in black and a series of brutal murders follows. Taurus of the Scorpion interprets the element mystery, written by the specialist giallo Ernesto Gastaldi, quite straight. But being a giallo, the murders themselves are memorable and well staged. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in some places - a scene with a broken bottle being particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly influenced the giallo genus to move to an increasingly extreme territory. But, like the best films of the genre, brutality is offset by good punctuation and attractive photography. Bruno Nicolai's music is sometimes reminiscent of Ennio Morricone's avant-garde work on The Bird with Crystal Plumage, but it is also strong by itself. The photography is aided by the good use of foreign sites - in this case, London and Athens - where Martino can enter respectively the Houses of Parliament and the Acropolis! There are also some inventive camera jobs as well, the most effective being the use of slow motion in a sequence where a woman runs towards the door where the maniac is prowling outside. In this particular scene Martino has the killer hack into the door with a knife in a way influenced by Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage, however, he also has the murderous attempt to squeeze the latch with the blade of a knife that is something more repeated late for Argento in Suspiria. Thus, Martino's film is influential in its own right. <br /> <br /> This is a good solid giallo that both fans of the genre and those who are not of the genre can appreciate. The performances are good and the production values ​​are good (although the airplane blast is, let's say, a bit of a low budget!). The NoShame DVD release is cool. It has both English and Italian language options, which is a real bonus. However, it's worth noting that sometimes you need to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the English caption option. This applies to both the film and the documentary in the extras. This is a minor point though, the DVD release is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
