Sergio Martino is a great director who contributed a lot to the Italian genre cinema and, as far as I know, his Gialli from the 1970s is the undisputed highlight in his impressive repertoire. "The Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Case of the Scorpion Tale", 1971, is one of those stunning films that Martino contributed to the most original subgenre of the Italian Horror, and another proof that man is a master of atmosphere, style and suspense. My personal favorite of the Martino movies I've seen so far is still the incredibly brilliant "Your Addiction is a locked room and only I have the key" of 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh "(1971), all of which I personally like more than this. This is purely a matter of personal taste, however, as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential for all fans of Italian horror film and suspense in general. <br /> <br /> The film, which offers a tempting suspense from the start has a complex and exciting plot that begins with the mysterious disappearance of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is assigned to verify the circumstances of the insurance company which is due to pay a large sum to the deceased's wife. Soon after Lynch begins investigating, a person is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders ... "The Scorpion's Tail Case" delivers excellently all the elements of a great Giallo needs. The film is incredibly suspenseful from the start, Bruno Nicolai's soundtrack is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully complicated, and the killer's identity remains a mystery to the end. Giallo's leader George Hilton once again delivers outstanding leadership performance. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely sweeping female lead. It includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the brightest goers of Italian cinema of the 60s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who must be familiar with any lover of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a great setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly exciting, and the photography is great, and the ingenious trail of Bruno Nicolai makes the suspense even more intense. Long Short Story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Sergio Martino's Giallo and an absolute must-see for any lover of the sub-genre! Stylish, full of suspense and great in every way!
