I'm really tempted to reward "The Scorpion's Tail" with a solid rating of 10 out of 10, but that would be largely because I think the 70's Italian horror movie is way better than the crap I usually watch . But even without an extra point for nostalgia, this is still a genuine masterpiece and earned a high note for its extraordinarily complicated story, mysterious atmosphere, blood-soaked killing sequences and excellent cast choices. In my humble opinion, this is really Sergio Martino's best giallo, and that has to mean something like "Mrs. Wardh's Strange Addiction," "All Colors of the Dark," "Torso," and "Your Addiction is a Locked". Fourth and only I have the key "are all top-notch genre achievements as well.But this movie is a little bit superior, with its ultra-convincing plot revolving around an insurance fraud that has gone madly out of control. peculiar to her husband in a plane crash (!), Lisa Baumer readily becomes the suspicious owner of a million dollars and is eager to leave the country as quickly as possible. Due to bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts its best investigator Peter Lynch in the case and he follows her to Greece where Lisa becomes the target of many assaults and the mysterious situation increases when several people are hunting the money.I am always very anxious to briefly summarize the gialli because I do not want to risk giving In "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail," events take an abrupt and totally unexpected course even before the story is in the middle of the road, and I certainly do not want to ruin it for you. Many red herrings follow after that, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of him and, although not 100% satisfactory, the outcome is at least astonishing. It is also a very stylish film, with imaginative camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Giallo's favorite muse of all, Edwige Fenech, strangely failed to reach this cast (she stars no less than 3 other supreme gialli from Martino), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in the Skin of a Woman", "Who Saw Dying? ") is a more than worthy substitute for her. The charismatic and handsome George Hilton is trusted as always in his role as an insurance investigator and ?? duh ?? Luxury ladies. If you are a fan of giallo, do not wait the time I did to watch this movie !!!!
