Joan Crawford had just begun her "working girl makes good" stage with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried a role like that before and the critics were impressed. So while other actresses were wondering why their careers were ending (because they were clinging to characters that had been the "in" thing a few years earlier, but now they were changing) Joan was listening to the audience and ensuring their longevity as an actress. The depression was here and the jazz-age babies who survived an endless round of parties were disapproved. Of course, if you became rich through immoral means, but suffered for it - that was right. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with a spectacular boat party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone goes swimming in panties !!! However, when Bonnie's father suffers a heart attack because of stock market losses, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their true friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - a poor man Johnny Mack Brown) offered to do the "right thing" and marry her - they had just spent a night together when Bonnie declared (with abandon) that she wants love in approval - she begins to show some character, deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> She finds a job in a newspaper and quickly impresses by her willingness to do well. Their co-worker is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they are given a chore to write about the mob's internal activities. Rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job. She's thrilled for him, but soon realizes she's hacking and he's mingled with the cold-blooded killer, Jake Glove (Clark Gable). Rodney witnesses a mass gunfight and collapses, "spreading the beans" to the first person he sees drinking at the bar - who happens to be Bert. He is then forced to kill Bert and then he hides. The newspaper pulls all the stops in an effort to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie disguised as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan does a very lively dance for "Accordian Joe" - to the disgust of Sylvie). The movie ends with a shooting and while Rodney is dying, Bonnie cries in her story. <br /> <br /> This is a super film with Crawford and Gable giving it all. Natalie Moorehead, who, as Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable at the beginning of the film, was a "stylish woman" who had her fad in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a huge career (he had started as a teenager in a Douglas Fairbanks movie in the mid-1920s). Many of his roles, however, were weak and characterless characters. In this film, he played the weak brother and was completely overshadowed by Joan Crawford and dynamic newcomer Clark Gable - so maybe he has never become a star. <br /> <br /> Highly Recommended.
