The second film of Abhay Deol, written by Imtiaz Ali, the first work of direction of Shivam Nair. Soha probably has her first role as Megha, a girl who ran away from home and is waiting at the Delhi wedding registry office for her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) to meet her. She waits and waits and is finally seen as a damsel in distress by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together as they release her from one distressing situation after another and finally fall in love with her. Then the boyfriend returns! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sound familiar? This is another adaptation of Dostoevsky's White Nights with a little piece of loan from Le Notti Bianchi (very small - Ankush keeps lovers separated by telling her boyfriend that she is dead!). But this is a more realistic and realistic adaptation than the much anticipated and exaggerated Saawariya. I wonder why no one brought this little gem when we were all arguing Saawariya like crazy a few months ago. <br /> <br /> The settings of Delhi are wonderful - there is the obligatory race through Old Delhi, pictures of Jama Masjid. from a rooftop, Connaught Circus, streets with rickshaws (what? how?). The colorful lamps in the hotel are enough to tell you that this is a decadent suite with rooms for rent per hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see of Abhay, the more I like this young man. In this second movie he is very good as the witness for hire who is given a purpose in life by a beautiful woman. Soha looks beautiful, and when she smiles she fits the paper, but I found her unconvincing in the most serious moments. I'm not sure if she believes she's a great actress, or maybe she'll flourish like her brother. The music of Himesh Reshammiya is not so good and, in fact, the film fails the songs, they kind of interrupt the narrative and do not get along with the characters trying to sing them. The supporting cast is excellent and I give this White Nights adaptation a positive sign. BTW - The fact that I love Abhay Deol's pretty dimples has nothing to do with my rating.
