Ahista Ahista is a little small and bright. I started to watch him, and at first I was a bit bored, since the pace was slow and the main idea of ​​a guy meeting a girl who is lost was not really new. But as the film continued, I began to get more and more involved with the film, the fantastic writing and the charming romance. The film was extremely simple and natural and after some time I felt that I was watching real documentation of a guy's life. There is a good reason for the movie to have that feeling, and it's the new talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as the simple, kind-hearted and fighting Ankush whose new love motivates him to make amends and strive for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as a common naughty playboy but also as a person who helps and loves, who, like anyone else, will do anything to protect his love. Deol portrays all the different shades of his character, be it positive or negative, naturally and with total ease. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. His portrayal of people's lives in the rural neighborhood is excellent, but what is even more striking is his portrayal of Ankush's relationships with the different people around him, including his friends and his love interest, Megha, that he is ready to do. anything to. I also greatly enjoyed the way Nair portrayed his interaction with his friend's tall, plump mother, whom he calls "khala" (aunt). He likes to drive her crazy and annoy her at all times, but we see that she occupies a very special place in her heart and is like a maternal figure to him, as evidenced in several scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest of the cast performed well. Although Soha Ali Khan did not stand up to me, she was good and had some of her mother's charm. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, as was the actress who played Ankush's khala. <br /> <br /> In addition to the performances, the writing of the film was excellent. The dialogues were kind of ordinary and brilliant, and the script was fantastic too. This is mainly because, despite a not-so-new story, it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic and there have been no attempts to appear larger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was the uninspiring music of Himesh Reshammiya, which was unsuitable for this movie. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful watch and improved with each scene. The concept may not be new, but the film manages to look new and becomes more and more exciting as the story goes on. The end was bittersweet, half sad, but optimistic. In short, this movie really grows slowly in you, and this can be easily attributed to wonderful writing, moving moments, charming romance, realistic procedures and, of course, the memorable performance of Abhay Deol.
