This melodrama period is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped inside a room are prevalent throughout his work, and over time he became increasingly skilled at portraying his helplessness and engaging the public in his terror. In the Bluntly titled Sealed Room there is a big difference to the normal plot in which there really is no escape. Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. First is the use of space. While the typical Biograph short can use a dozen or more sets, the sealed room features only two adjoining rooms ?? the court of the king and the dove that becomes the eponymous tomb. The design of the scenario in these shorts is rarely referenced, but here it is crucial. The courtroom is a large interior, with a backdrop hinting at the greatest depth and showing us a window and a staircase. The actors come in and out of various directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. In contrast, the background wall of the dove is very close to the camera, and the angles suggesting a hexagonal or octagonal shape make it look even more confined. <br /> <br /> The second technique on display here is the crusade. court. Anyone interested in Griffith's work will probably know about its heavy use and cross-cutting development to create excitement or tension. Many will also know that strictly speaking was not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's cross-sections so effective is how he advances the opposing images, so that they complement each other. The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean. The masonry shots shifting the heavy bricks take a slow step, step by step, with tension building as the wall rises. This movement is accompanied by photos of happily unconscious lovers, in which Marion Leonard rips off flower petals one by one. As the couple realizes their situation, their growing panic is complemented by the opposite shot of the king, madly striking his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith was still to realize that the action could be increased. furthermore, by inserting a third wire into the cross-section. The dramatic "walk to the rescue", here absent, would later become a standard climax for Griffith's photos.
