In 1909, D.W. Griffith directed films for the Biograph Company about a year ago, and ?? working at a rate of two or three a week? was quickly beginning to develop his skills as a filmmaker. 'The Sealed Room' is a very interesting 11-minute short, a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama that reaches the realm of horror. The simple narrative was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 tale, "The Barrel of Amontillado," and concerns a powerful king who conceives a deliciously sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> Medieval times, 'The Sealed Room' begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) overseeing the construction of a windowless room from an isolated dove, the idea is that he and his wife ( Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place. to enjoy each other's company. He is obviously very much in love with her, always showing his affection, this last act the crowning of his affection. However, unbeknownst to the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic call within the specially built room, the wife and the minstrel are discovered, and the heartbroken king devises a means of obtaining his retribution to the ignorant couple. Silently, he orders his workers to seal the only door with stone and cement, descending slowly into insanity as each new stone is placed. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has always had an eye for sharp details, and 'The Sealed Room' is a prime example of this. The luxurious medieval costumes give the film a sense of reality, and the castle's interior seems authentic enough to be believable. At the time, the director was also a pioneer in methods of creating suspense, and I must admit that, as the film progressed, I became obsessed with figuring out what would happen to the unfortunate young lovers. In the first few minutes, Griffith narrows his shots to long footage of a stationary camera (as usual at the time), but soon ?? parallel to the progressively darker matter ?? It alters your editing tactics in a fascinating way. Although he did not invent the technique, Griffith was crucial in popularizing the use of "cross-cutting" ?? that is, by alternating between different events occurring at the same time. This not only creates a sense of continuity, but also maximizes the level of suspense, since we, as the public, are well aware not only of the king's dire actions, but also that the wife and the minstrel are unaware of it. Despite these innovations, 'The Sealed Room' suffers from many of the typical shortcomings of the era. The whole movie happens in only two rooms, with footage shot from a total of only three positions, and so is prone to monotonous and monotonous at times. Performance performances are greatly exaggerated for extra effects, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his exaggeration actually contributed to the recognition of the king's growing madness betrayed. One moment I found particularly effective was when the two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find the only doorway replaced by a solid stone wall. His reactions of panic, accompanied by the king's quiet, manic gargle, serve well to create an impending sense of claustrophobia. I felt, however, that his oxygen supply was exhausted in a surprisingly fast way.
