After not being very lucky to sell his screenplays to the new film industry during the first decade of the twentieth century in 1908, playwright D.W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the Biograph Company as a film director. It was not exactly what Griffith had hoped for when he decided to go into the film business, but he accepted the job, and within less than a year became Biograph's most successful director thanks to his original approach to making movies and the wild inventiveness of his narrative. Many years later, he directed "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, the film that would revolutionize film production and make him one of the first recognized authors of cinema; however much of what would make him a great filmmaker can be found in the many short films he did for the Biograph Company in the early years of his career. "The Sealed Room" of 1909 is one of these, and also one of the few horror films of the first decade of the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a story set in the sixteenth century. in which a count (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but pleasant and very cozy room, since it should be used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, the countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the Earl does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful, as she is in love with Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in Court, with whom she is having an affair. As soon as the count is occupied with his own business, the countess calls the minstrel and both lovers will enjoy the count's new room. When the Count returns, he discovers that she is missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden while deciding that there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife: seal the windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular contributor Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room," extracts elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Barrel of Amontillado" and chiefly "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac for create a gothic haunted melodrama based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. Despite having a duration of 11 minutes, Woods' script develops the story in a very good way, and plays very well with the horror elements of the story. As a melodrama in the heart, Woods focuses on the Count's character and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of the early era. "The Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Woods dealing with the obscure and morbid theme of his plot makes the story a very entertaining movie that was very different than most Griffith melodramas. In The Sealed Room, Griffith uses his talents to experience tension and suspense in a different way than usual. While he often played with editing to create thrillers that thrilled his audience, in this film his focus was to create despair and horror, playing with the inherent sense of claustrophobia that the stories of origin had. It's interesting how the story begins as another of his melodramas and slowly the rhythm becomes faster as the themes of terror begin to dominate the plot, culminating in his great use of editing for the final scenes. Not being a movie where camera tricks are essential, what most shines in "The Sealed Room" is the talent of Griffith to direct his actors, since the legendary filmmaker manages to get the best of his cast with his natural style the similarity which was the norm in his day. As usual, the cast was composed of Griffith's usual collaborators, beginning with Arthur V. Johnson as the Earl. Johnson gives a great performance and actually conveys the transition from the character of a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not without a touch of overacting, but in fact it adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. Like the countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her performance, conveying a natural charm that makes it difficult to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as the handsome Minstrel, and while far from being one of his best performances, he manages to give a proficient performance that also adds a nice touch of comedy to the film. Although not of real importance to the plot, it is good to see other members of Griffith's stock company in the background, such as his wife Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford as nobles in the Court. <br /> <br /> Although not exactly a masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable exercise in editing to create suspense and tension as Griffith used to do in those days. The film has a very good design and a very low budget, Griffith's care for details makes him look very convincing and works perfectly along with his driving style. Shifting his focus to horror makes him stand out among others from his films of that era, and Johnson's performance as the sadistic Count makes it worth watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) "Birth of a Nation," the first short films he did before actually give a good idea of ​​the development of techniques and style that would make him a legend. . Simple and elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the twentieth century. 7/10
