This is the true story of how three British soldiers escaped from the camp of the German prisoner of war, Stalag Luft III, during World War II. This is the same prisoner of war camp that was the scene of the Great Escapade, which resulted in the murder of 50 police recaptured by the Gestapo (and later it was transformed into a very successful film of the same name). While the other prisoners of war in Stalag Luft III are busy working in their three huge tunnels (known as Tom, Dick and Harry), two enterprising British prisoners came up with the idea of ​​building a jumping horse wood that could be placed near the composite wire fence, shortening the distance they would have to tunnel from this starting point to freedom. The idea of ​​building their version of the Trojan came to them as they discussed the "classic" escape attempts and watched some prisoners of war throwing frog-hop into the complex. Initially containing one, and then with Two prisoners of war hidden inside, the wooden horse could be taken to the compound and placed almost in the same position, near the fence, daily. As volunteer prisoners of war jumped on the horse, the fugitives were busy inside the horse digging a tunnel under the jumping horse as they were positioned near the wire, under the wire and in the woods. <br /> <br /> The story also details the dangers that two of the three POWs faced while traveling through Germany and occupying Europe after leaving the tunnel. All three prisoners of war who tried to escape actually attacked at home (successfully escaped to their home base). The Wood Horse gives a very accurate and true feel of the tension and events of a prisoner-of-war escape. The film was filmed in the actual locations along the route that the two prisoners of war traveled on their escape. Made with much less budget than The Great Escape, The Wooden Horse is more realistic if not more thrilling than The Great Escape and never fails to keep you from your place by cheering on the prisoners of war to make your escape. <br /> <br /> The plot is clear and the acting rings are true and are enough to keep the tension going throughout the movie. The Wood Horse is based on the book by the same name of one of the fugitives, Eric Williams, and is by far the best story of a prisoner-of-war escape ever made in a movie. Some of the actual prisoners of war were used in the film to reprise their existence as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. I give this movie a deserved ten.
