The key to the 40-year-old Virgin is not just that Andy Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin, but the way Steve Carell presents him as one. In a crass comedy genre that has become typified by her lack of humor and captivating characters, the 40-year-old Virgin offers a colorful cast and clever and sincere writing that does not use her protagonist as the butt-end. of cruel jokes. That Andy is still a virgin at the age of forty is not so much a joke, in fact, as it is a curiosity. Carell, a veteran of Team Ferrell in Anchorman and a former member of the Daily Show, uses the concept of the movie to expand his character? We understand why Andy is the way he is. It's the little things that make this movie work. When Andy's co-worker in an electronics store asks what he did over the weekend, Andy describes his failed cooking efforts. When Andy rides his bike to work, he signals his laps. Does not it just adorn your home with action figures? he paints them and talks to them and reveals that some of the really ancient ones belonged to him from infancy. A smaller comedy would not even begin to focus on all these things. <br /> <br /> Is the plot rather simplistic? Andy's co-workers find out he never had sex and make it their personal quest to get him to bed with a woman. It is a childish idea and the film makes no attempt to hide its youthfulness. Andy's friends are a complement to his neurotic nature: David (Paul Rudd) broke up with his girlfriend two years ago, but is still obsessed with her, Jay (Romany Malco) is a womanizer man and Cal (Seth Rogen) is a sexaholic tattooed. His attempts to make Andy get off his back several times, and each time leaves Andy feeling less and less optimistic. <br /> <br /> Finally Andy meets the unmarried mother Trish (played by Catherine Keener) and, to the chagrin of her worried friends who claim that mothers are not worth it, he falls in love with her. Do they start a relationship and agree to postpone sex for twenty days? Trish not knowing that Andy is still a virgin. The 40-year-old virgin was directed by Judd Apatow, the man who produced Anchorman and The Cable Guy, and began the short-lived TV show. Freaks and Geeks. Is Apatow known for his unique sense of humor and script? co-written by Carell? However, in the end, the most interesting and (indeed surprising) aspect of the 40-year-old virgin is her maturity. Now you are probably well aware that the film has received brilliant reviews from critics, and I was even surprised by your warm welcome. But after watching the movie, it's easy to understand why. We like Andy. We care about him. Is not it just a cliché of cardboard sexual comedy? he is a real person, alive and breathing. His neurotic features combine Woody Allen's best with childish ingenuity. Your friends are not nasty idiots and your romance is tumultuous and bittersweet. That impresses the audience. <br /> <br /> Although this is far from perfect and definitely contains some insinuations and sexual humor, it does not offend to the extent that other genre entries can have because we have affection for the people on the screen. Do the best sex comedies work this way? of Business Risky to American Pie ?? and that's the main difference between something like The 40 Year Old and 40 Days and 40 Nights.
