Something about the 40 Year Old Virgin and the other summer comedy hit, Wedding Crashers, is similar, but they are two different movies in some ways. Both are romantic comedies that have this kind of crazy sensibility that keeps teens and boys in their 20s, along with the usual dating audience, watching the movies. Both have some kind of formula for the stories too. But at the end of the 40-year-old virgin, I think I found it more satisfying than 'Crashers'. While one can guess where the relationship story will be with the character of Steve Carrell, Andy's character and Catherine Keener, it's not very basic for someone to figure out how with Crashers, and the characters leading and supporting are realistic, more rounded than most of unidimensional or unexplained people in the other. And, perhaps, it can also depend on how much you identify (or just find the craziness) in both. <br /> <br /> The thing is that some people can enter the 40 Year Old Virgin without knowing too of Steve Carrell. such as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, while Carrell built his cult status on The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows right now) and small, but insanely rampant roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first leading role, but is not treated as a third-rate vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even at the beginning, as he talks to his action figures while painting them again. It's also a tricky line to walk - in the hands of the landlord this could not be more or less fun than Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is the young 40-year-old who's like the cool guy friend with a little Pee-Wee Herman in it (the opening over the credits of his apartment is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comics) try to come up with different strategies and tips to finally break the kind of curse on Andy's head to pop his cherry, then talk. He almost gets an overly drunk woman, he almost gets a kind of weird girl, and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in the mockumentaries) as a friend (explosive). But this soon begins to disappear when he enters into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works across the street. As they build a relationship that is not based on sex, one might worry that the plot of "how he's going to tell her this" may disrupt comedy. Do not do. In fact, if anything, Carrell and the cast build this on a very high level. For almost an hour and a half lasting two hours of the movie, there was only one moment when I was not laughing, whether big or small. Big laughs compensate for not just any formalities with the plot, or one or two little lost stories (co-workers also have their own relationship problems, Rudd being the funniest). Big laughter comes out of Carrell's reactions, and the people around him can come back with their own kind of humor / charm, or that's with some truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes a genuine spirit in his relationship (and not as 'Crashers', there is not so much that does not make sense in terms of character). For someone like me, who loves it when a comedian manages to laugh the way he looks in the face, Carrell gets very high points here. And like in a movie of the Farrelly brothers, the most daring or scandalous scenes are made with total absurdity; the "hair removal" scene (which was taken seriously by the way) and the type of Aquarius musical number at the end of the movie (the way it comes out at the beginning is a total and noisy surprise). But if you're willing not to be offended by it, there's more to where it came from. This is one of the funniest movies of the year.
