In the previews, "The 40 Year Old Virgin" bears the image of yet another immature sex prank on a 40 year old Solitary who suddenly feels the desire to do the action simply because he did not. Many bad experiences of the past have lessened their enthusiasm to the point of avoiding women altogether. And then the unexpected happens: he falls in love. What's more, there's a movie about it, and it's called "The 40 Year Old Virgin." <br /> <br /> The title virgin is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is actually 40, works as an employee of an electronics store and collects old action figures, which are displayed everywhere on your nice bachelor block for everyone to see. He has a lovely home theater system and watches "Survivor" with his two gentle elderly neighbors. It's a pretty picturesque definition of the Lonely Guy who needs to get out more and talk to more women. <br /> <br /> Now, here is the real novelty with this picture: it does the impossible task of actually dealing with the subject in question. in a soft and mature form. This is a film that could very easily have come out very differently at the hands of a more transparent team of filmmakers. It could have gone down in endless jokes and sexual jokes, but fortunately this picture never gets so low. Of course there are sex jokes here and there, and even a few stimuli are directed at the gay community (which by no means should be considered a gay attack), as two of the characters exchange insults for each other while playing video games (" Mortal Kombat: Deception, "nothing less - the latest testosterone-fighting festival for men). <br /> <br /> As someone who is fast approaching 20, collects McFarlane Toys dolls and never did the same. In fact, I found this movie fun and touching in a way that a movie with a similar theme could never have been. I was able to relate to Andy Stitzer's character more than anyone else in the theater because I was the only teenager present at that performance; everyone else seemed to be past 40. A little arrogant, I know, but you ("you" are in italics) will still be able to relate if you were the only teenager present in an afternoon session "The 40-year-old Of course Andy has never had sex and wakes up every day with "morning rise" (do not ask), and he is pressured by his friends to try out extravagant methods of gaining public attention. , Andy is a virgin, at age 40, his three friends and electronics store mates David (Paul Rudd), Jay (Roman Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) all assume that he is gay because he has never been with a woman, who it could not be further from the truth.The truth is that Andy loves women, but past traumatic experiences (hilariously revealed one after another in a flashback sequence) have put him on the sidelines for good. > David, Jay and Cal embark each one a mission to put Andy, so help everyone. But you know that such escapades will only end in disaster, as proven by a meeting with Nicky (Leslie Mann), which puts Andy in the worst experience of drunk driving that I think someone would not want to go through and he has a rather scary encounter. with Beth (Elizabeth Banks), the pretty girl who works at the bookstore and ends up being revealed as a sex addict. <br /> <br /> Things cheer for Andy when he meets Trish (Catherine Keener), the female friend who works at a store across the street selling things on eBay to people. Hmmm And with this beautiful collection of action figures, you can imagine that, in the end, a great financial reward awaits you, that is, if it can "do the action". <br /> <br /> Finally, it's the sexual game we're waiting for. It deals with a very real question that many Solitaries probably go through, not that anything is wrong in being a virgin, but let's look at the big picture: How many of us "Lonely Guys" want to be a lonely guy forever? The important thing we learned in this picture is that the Loner must be himself. I do not think he needs to go through the body like Andy (which is tricky, to be honest, and according to this site and several other news articles, it was in fact real, just like the blood on Carell's shirt after that. "The 40-year-old virgin" was directed by Judd Apatow and co-written by him and Carell, who originated as a sketch that starred Carell. Carell is sweet and humane, since her character is not some hobo who tackles this thing with I'm not sure if this is a good game, but I do not think it's a good thing to do. "Carell's friends, who spend bad advice to cover up their own insecurities relationship, can be related on a fundamental level. <br /> <br /> The way the "40 Year Old Virgin" unfolds is indeed funny the end, but I will leave it to you, the viewer, to observe. , if someone can go through things that Andy does and still have the strength to attract a woman as sexy as Catherine Keener, so it's true: it's never too late! <br /> <br /> 10/10
