The critique of the film EVENING, based on Susan Minot's novel adapted to the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh, so harsh that it may have discouraged many viewers from attempting the film. The primary criticism has centered on the fact that very little happens in this film about the preoccupation of a dying woman with an error committed during a summer in her youth, that famous actors received minor roles, that all production was exaggerated, etc. For this viewer, watching the movie on a DVD in the silence of the house, a very different reaction occurred. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is dying in her home by the ocean and her medication. and the memories allow her to share the name of a man - "Harris" - with her two grown daughters, Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). While her daughters sit by her bed, Ann relives a particular summer when she was maid of honor for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage that both Ann (Claire Danes and young Ann) and her alcoholic brother Lila Buddy (Hugh Dancy) objected Feeling that Lila was simply marrying a man of her class instead of the boy she had loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of her housekeeper who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are entwined in a series of passions and novels that have been kept secret until now, 50 years later, when Ann is dying. The older Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and the secrets are revealed: 'There are no such things as mistakes - life goes on.' The film is a delicate piece of humor and Minot and Cunningham's script is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in history that could have used more explanations, but to keep the aura of nostalgia for the words of a dying lady, these "holes" are understandable. The film is graced by the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (true daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (true daughter of Streep), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with a set of brief but very solid presentations. The setting is beautiful (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is from the inimitable Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Be Julia ') directs. Judge this film in your own country .... Grady Harp
