So many wonderful actresses in a movie serve as a hands-on invitation to the local cinema, so I responded appropriately. Here are some observations ... <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great even lying in bed. She also looks very old and I do not think this is achieved with much makeup, which is a good thing for the film, but a sad thing for us movie goers. I think her aging has been a little rough in the last few years. Claire Danes continues her welcome return to the movies and exudes a definite warmth. The resemblance of Mamie Gummer to her mother, Merly Streep, both in terms of physical appearance and acting style is so striking that I lost my focus on the film for a few minutes after its entry. She is surprisingly good; however, such resemblance is in danger of working against his favor. I agree with a previous review: Natasha Richardson definitely had some plastic work done for her face. It certainly does not look like how much I remember her from previous films ("Nell", for example). Both she and Toni Collette unfortunately do not make much of an impression, in part because they do not seem convincing as sisters. Your interaction is weak. Toni Collette is also very old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had to have more time on the screen. Streep's performance, in fact, is little more than an apparition. His scenes, on the other hand, have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins offers a good dry humor, especially in her second role as an imaginary night companion to the character of Redgrave. As for men; Hugh Dancy fans the film considerably, although it offers a broader performance than necessary. In fact, as soon as he leaves the story, he begins to drag. It is also to his credit that he manages to create the exact sense of boyish charm needed in the viewer. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a complete void in the center of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script is insufficient to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so affected by this man. The background story for this should have been further developed. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main set of summer houses did not convince me. It does not look natural on the top of that rocky hill, particularly with its piece of grass in the front. A bit like cardboard. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is a first class production, but a feeling of "I've seen it all before, cried first of all" took care of me for most of the time. duration and consequently failed to make the kind of impact on me that I expected from a tearjerker. However, it still managed to make me think about the passage of time, about the expectations of life and the extent to which they are fulfilled or not. It's worth trying at least on DVD, if not in the movies ...
