After seeing the trailer for Evening, you'll probably think about how the cast is involved, (I mean, they even have Brad's own, Barry Bostwick's, to show the world he's still acting), and in the next second about how they showed us the whole movie. While not entirely true, the film is well summarized in the trailer, and this is not necessarily a bad thing. This is a story about a dying woman who is remembering a time long ago when she met the love of her life - the one that escaped. Her daughters hear her reminiscing about people they have never heard of and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy soon manifests. No matter what happens, however, the movie is not about these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life. What can be a repentance could indeed be the only example in your life that needed to occur so that the good moments that follow will happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is well told and very obviously adapted from the literature. . Our filmmakers decide to tell the story by interweaving the present (Ann on her deathbed), the dream state (Ann hallucinating by combining the present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meeting Harris at her best friend's wedding) . There are some occasions when the cuts are a bit steep, and the progression of the past is so good that you may find the present material a bit long and annoying, but overall it is treated better than originally thought. It's not as if Ann's life is now uninteresting, it's less about the plot than about the morals being learned. Although I admit that the parallels with the past help alleviate the problems of Ann's children today, I was still a little too enlightened in marriage to care as much as I should. There are some good moments, for example, the accident that awakens Ann from sleep being mirrored later, and the enigmatic dreams that unite the two worlds together. <br /> <br /> It's the acting that makes flashbacks so fascinating and fluid. These performances are completely fascinating to the point that you get a little annoyed when our time frame has changed and we should expect to find out what happens next. No matter how annoying I find the angry / sad / crying face of Claire Danes that exists in all the roles she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I see myself warming up his talents more and more lately and this only increases this thaw. Patrick Wilson is always great at everything I've seen. You should give him credit for picking some really fantastic roles and never making much more than one movie a year. From Angels in America to Little Children last year, the guy will soon explode, but hopefully he will remain faithful to the craft and not to money. Even Mamie Gummer is good as the younger version of her real-life mother Meryl Streep, (who surprisingly is in the very little film). She is still rough around the edges, but she was wonderful in expressing the emotional turmoil that her character goes through on her wedding day. The true revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel that I have seen him in many things, but in fact it seems only in King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he's in and the way his Buddy role is devastated by love / alcohol / life is etched into his facial expressions all over. Without their performance, the flashback sequences might have fallen into the somewhat forgettable category like the rest of the movie and made the experience as a whole much worse. <br /> <br /> Although not entirely original in forms than writers then, Evening brings intelligence and skill to the table. You may be able to criticize the length and amount of cut scenes to put it all together, but you can not argue that acting is not worth staying around. Perhaps a cinematic version of the marriage may have been something to see, however, when everything is together, there may also be something coming out of it that could not have been achieved without all the other topics in the story. Either way, the reward is worth most of the time, and each plane of reality ends with its own subtle beauty and lives up to what was before it.
