While on her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and recalls the day in the 1950s when she was an aspiring singer and traveled from New York to be the godmother of her rich friend Lila Wittenborn ( Mamie Gummer). ) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is greeted by Lila's reckless alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) at the seaside hut of Wittenborn, and he says his sister is in love with her friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) , who fought in the war and graduated in medicine. Later, the bride confesses her true feelings about Harris to Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, she has a crush on him and they have a brief affair during a night while a tragedy happens with Buddy. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, insecure and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), are worried about their mother and have differences to be resolved. <br /> <br /> "Night" has one of the best female casts I've ever seen in a movie, with magnificent performances. The resemblance of the stunning Mamie Gummer with her mother Meryl Streep is incredible and she has a performance that honors her mother's name. The locations, costumes, set design, cinematography and soundtrack are also incredible. Unfortunately the plot is confusing and I did not clearly understand the message of this movie. Why is motherhood so important in history? Constance was engendered the night of Ann and Harris and he would be her father? Why did Ann and Harris not stay together if the guy really loved her as he confesses to his occasional meeting in New York? What problems did Ann Lord solve after Lila Ross's visit? Buddy Wittenborn was bisexual or was his love for Harris a brotherly love? Why did Nina Mars change her thoughts about motherhood in the end? It seems the script writers or the director failed since they were not able to make sense and satisfaction for the beautiful love story. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "At dusk" ("At dusk")
