The night is the beautiful story of a mother's imperfect love. The film is time-divided, magically filmed, incredibly represented and has a touching script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who excels in life. Lying in her bed, her mind remembering and failing, she recalls her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne, giving a youthful vitality to the woman's death. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) try to decipher the real story of demoralizing dementia. His first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); the man her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved deeply. Daughters must come to terms with their mother's past and future. The cast is shining in the night. The collective action energy of this film could have fed the equipment for the production of this whole film. I'm so happy to see Claire Danes working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, fully living the joys, mistakes and disgust of the young Anne's first mistake. This is a real feat when you realize she is playing a woman, dying in bed. When your life overpowers you, you can feel your desire to break and your hopeless hope that it will not. Some of his facial expressions came over me a little, but though his performance was so radiant, I kept it as a side note. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. She touches the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds much strength in her mother's mistake. Collette delicately avoids creating a ruthless character who amuses herself with her mother's mistakes instead of choosing the wiser way of learning from her mother's mistakes. There are a lot of fights between Nina and her sister Constance. Your struggles remind me of who I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's best friend, is wonderful. Your character is stuck between your heart and your status in society. Even when she's crying and her heart is breaking, she's unbelievably real and charming. I can not wait to see her act on something else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult to describe. His talent at making his mental state ambiguous without being crazy or even especially tragic is why he is so powerful. The audience does not know if she is making up the story because she is running away or if these events really happened. Physically and emotionally speaking, Redgrave is acting in a box. Little physical space and limited emotional outreach may have been a daze for a minor actress, but she does make the limitations work for her. I was constantly amazed. The film is definitely focused on women, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is mesmerizing as Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, I'm sure so. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother, getting out of control. Hugh Dancy spits Buddy out of control without sending his performance down the drain. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous Monster's Ball scene. It's terrible and jaw-dropping grief. I was completely stunned. The only disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While his fighting scenes were memorable, most of his interpretations smell of melodrama. It would be appropriate for her to bathe before we had to breathe her stench. Good thing she was not in charge of the visuals. The visuals of the film are brilliant. The director of photography Gyula Pados failed to make a film richer in color, light so perfectly combined with humor and emotion. The visual concepts of flashback sequences are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could have been interrupted, printed, assembled and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. Night is a powerful film. The night is defiantly a girl's movie, but a great girl's movie. If you want to impress a woman with a movie choice, choose Evening.
