I caught Evening at the movies with a friend. Evening is a girls' movie with no excuses for being such, but I can say with some relief that it is not so infused with estrogen that it is painful for a red blood man to watch. Except for a single case at the end of the movie, I watched with interest and did not have to turn around or roll my eyes at any self-indulgent melodrama. The ladies, in turn, will love this movie. <br /> <br /> Ann Lord is old, is in bed and spends her last days on Earth as comfortably as possible in her own home with her two adult daughters. her side. Bewildered by the memories of her past, Ann suddenly calls the name of a man her daughters have never heard before: Harris. As both daughters quietly contemplate the significance of her mother's strong desire to reminisce and mend her ill-fated affair with this mysterious man of all time, Ann returns to mind for the fateful day she met Harris - and by doing so, we lose the youthful optimism for the future that we all inevitably separate. <br /> <br /> Both Ann and her two daughters - a married couple with children, a "committed-phobic" series - struggle with the central question of whether true love really exists, and perhaps more importantly, whether true love can withstand the test of time. Are we all one day doomed to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all realize that contentment with the imperfect is the only realistic result? The subtle fact that the elderly Ann is still struggling with an answer to these questions on her deathbed is not lost on her two daughters. <br /> <br /> Evening's cinematography is interesting - most of the film is spent on Ann. as she remembers the past, and for that reason I think the film was filmed as if it were deliberately overexposed, to give everyone an ethereal glow (and thus make it very obvious that all of this is not real but occurred in the movie). past). Claire Danes is beautiful (appearing to be very, very tall, though only 5 '5 "in reality), and is absolutely captivating in a climactic scene where her singing talents are finally put to the test. can not really talk about the cast, which leads Claire Danes not to give up: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close fill out the other major and minor roles of the film. <br /> I can not say anything of negative on this film, although Hugh Dancy's fight for his character to emerge from total unidimensionality is, in the end, a total loss of the obscenely rich who put up a front of great bravado but who secretly is afraid never to reach anything , probably does not offer much in terms of character exploration - he had his orders and clung to them. <br /> <br /> In the end, sire, your friend will certainly cry, and although you probably do not feel almost as affected, the night set It will not be a waste of time spent watching at night. Take it in theaters or grab it as a location to exchange points for when you want to be accompanied to watch the movie "Die Hard 4" or the upcoming Rambo movie. It will be your little secret that this vision did not cost you much.
