Since I started reading the book on which this movie is based, I'm having mixed feelings about the filmed result. I learned some time ago to see the film adaptation of a book before reading the book, because I discovered that if I read the book first, I would inevitably be disappointed with the film. This would undoubtedly have been true here, whereas in the case of the Atonement, which is probably the best filmed adaptation of a book I have ever seen, it would probably not matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what the cause is, and I suspect I have to point my finger directly at Michael Cunningham. As much as I respect him for The Hours (which I have not read but that I have seen and was impressed) I can not escape the feeling that he has not adapted Susan Minton's book as much as he has picked up some of the characters and the basic premise and write his own film. <br /> <br /> It's not that I do not like the movie. I really love the movie, and that's why, since I started reading the novel, I'm feeling bothered with the whole thing. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton for liking the movie, which was so far from her job. As I read, I can understand why she had such difficulty adapting it. Contrary to what a film critic said, it is not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; it's more like some books can not make the transition. Minton's novel operates on such a personal and intimate level with its central character, so internally, that it seems impossible to put it into a physical realm. Although much of the book is the memory of actual events, it is memory, and so fragmented and ethereal that, I believe, is not flammable. I think Ms. Minton's work is a real work of literature, but she can not make the transition to the film, which in no way diminishes her value. <br /> <br /> I still can not report that Evening, the movie, does not represent Evening, the novel, in the most superficial way, since I am only halfway, but the original would have to make a tremendous leap to resemble to the movie that follows this time. I think I'm writing this because I feel that if you're going to adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not do something it's not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham did something totally original, but from what I can see so far the things he did are based on someone else's work. We would not have The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway, and we had not Evening, in her anguished form, if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble to do what she probably should not have been tempted in the first place. But it goes without saying that it would be best if Mrs. Minton had done well enough alone, because Evening, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful job. <br /> <br /> So my confusion, mixed feelings, sense of disloyalty and final conclusion that in this case the novel can not be the movie and vice versa, and my final gratitude to both writers for doing what they have done, so that we have both works as they are.
