The first "side-story" in the universal universe of Gundam of the century presents a new refreshing look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who would play central roles in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and on how war is seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story does not contain some Gundam clips, its premise being the attempts of a ZEON squad to capture an experimental Gundam, but the execution of the plot that made this show so interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, who is secretly a Federation pilot and a Zeon rookie, Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot also falls in love with Christina. "War in the Pocket" proves you do not need an epic tale about special individuals to make for a good war story. There are no large pilots or large-scale fleet battles to be seen here. This short 6 episode OVA focuses much more on the character's emotional drama on other themes like politics or philosophy and I love how realistically portrayed the characters are. Alfred is his typical average kid who plays violent computer games and thinks the military is cool. He then receives an intensive course in the horrible realities of war. The unlikely friendship and bond between Bernie and Christina, each not knowing the fact that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, is played very real without going overboard with the romance drama. The same goes for the affectionate relationship between Alfred and Bernie. Having said that, I would not want to ruin much of the story here, but it makes it much more painful to watch the tragedies unfold as the show moves along all the way to its emotionally devastating twisting end. <br /> <br /> Despite his lack of action, this show never falls into the category of "boring." The characters are so engaging enough to take the whole show. Do not worry, there are a lot of mobile suit action scenes scattered here and there. Each of them is wonderfully excited at a level that surpasses that of an OVA and will surely satisfy the craving for some "obligatory" mobile costume battles in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Usually watching anime in Japanese or English, I would leave personal preference. But in this case, I strongly recommend the English speaking range over Japanese. Not only do the characters, who except Alfred are Caucasians, sound more convincing in English, but the performances of the English voice cast are on the same level and even surpass the Japanese, instilling in each character emotions and intonations so real that they sound acting in some live action TV dramas. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. What it does is convey several thrilling themes that strike closer to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A truly thrilling little story that deserves more credit than it is being given.
