This is a complex film that explores the effects of the Fordist and Taylorist modes of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to assembly line production, where workers are treated like gears in a machine, overseen by managers who handle drawing boards, controlling how much hair workers leave exposed and laying off workers (Stanley) who meet all criteria supervisors say, they are always on time, they are hardworking workers, they do a good job), but who can, in some unspecified future, make a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley loses his job. Iris's daughter is a single mother who dropped out of high school to get a job at the factory. References are made to the fact that now, with declining wages, both partners need to work, the implication is that there is no one else at home to look after the children. Iris's husband is dead because of an illness, and with the multiple references in the film about the costs of medical care, the viewer must wonder if he could have lived with a better and more expensive treatment. Iris's brother-in-law gets aggressive after another unsuccessful day at the unemployment office when his wife yells at him for buying a beer with his savings instead of leaving it for his facial lift and / or tooth labor in bourgeois notions conventional of perfection and beauty, buy them). The only reference to compete in the film is through a black worker whose husband is in jail (presumably he is also black, and blacks suffer disproportionately high incarceration rates). She notes that he, like her, "is doing the time" - his family is composed of a prisoner and a wage-earning slave. <br /> <br /> Stanley, however, still believes in human relationships and is therefore for most people. film outside the system of Fordist capitalism. He takes care of his father, despite the fact that it was his father's salesman job that resulted in his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced human relations to a purely instrumental contract, as does Iris's brother. the wrong sister. ") He does not obey, as Iris says, the work-sleep-sleep routine of all others, instead he uses the technology and techniques of industrial production creatively and artistically in a species which was the dream of the early modernists and socialists of the 1920s (like the Bauhaus) - to use technology to meet all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human labor and more complete human relations. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditionally male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her family. (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public field, traditionally out of bounds for women. Teaching him to read and write, he gives him access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally masculine. <br /> <br /> Literacy here is used as a metaphor for the public domain (traditionally male) and circulation systems (monetary, vehicular, cultural) that allows participation in the public domain. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the jobs open to him are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular circulations, unable to participate in the monetary (can not open a bank account), in the vehicular (can not get a driver's license, can not ride the bus) and social (he asks if it exists if can not write his name. <br /> <br /> After learning to read, he takes books on auto repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). <br /> <br /> The Word of God is thus relativized, placed on the same plane of value of how to do books.In fact, organized religion in general is only very occasionally present - the Bible also appears in a dresser while the camera moves to find Stanley and Iris having sex. moral strength - Iris, clearly a character dedicated to living a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that his rosary was among the objects lost in a purse robbery. Once able to read, he enters the system and can u a managerial position with a health plan, a car and a house, taking his place at the head of the family, the breadwinner. Presumably, he is an industrial designer, dreaming of products that will require others to endure the painful work of the assembly line to produce. This ending, probably the only conventional Hollywood movie in the movie, is so incongruous with everything that happened before I even wonder if it was not forced by some studio executive suddenly worried about the lack of a well- be. and its potential effect on the bottom line. Now that, according to experts, we have moved comfortably into post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a slightly nostalgic feel, as if we needed the historical distance to really analyze what happened during period. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Disregard the end, and it's close to a perfect 10.
