My dog ​​died recently, and this was a movie I loved as a child, so I had to watch it to try to cheer myself up. <br /> <br /> (Watch out for the dog, I mean Spoilers.) This movie is not just for kids and it's far from ordinary. It was raised in New Orleans in 1939. Firstly, the dog was not portrayed as an extra member of the family in this film, but as an adult with his own complicated life to deal with. <br /> <br /> Beginning, Charlie is not much different from his dishonest and brutal business partner, Carface. He is driven by money, greedy and has just escaped the death row, as he states at the beginning of the film. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others; Anne Marie and her companion, Itchy. Carface will not even hear the fat, ugly dog ​​with glasses that is closest to him. Carface tries to kill the hero because he wants 100% of the profits in his business and will not settle for just 50% - a highly unusual way for a mixture of German shepherd to die. Also, being eaten by a prehistoric alligator that ends up saving your life because you can sing is highly unlikely if you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon, and that's why it's logical here. <br /> <br /> Carface's revenge method is through murder, while Charlie believes that success is the best revenge, the financial success that it is. After surviving his death, he starts a business by taking on the funding source of Carface, a very talented girl who has the ability to communicate with animals. They get a lot of races, and Charlie tells her that he'll give the money to the poor - tip tip: Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard and therefore are poor. He uses the money for his casino / bar / theater, not the other "poor" one. The reason Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is that she has compassion and listens attentively. It teaches Charlie's ethics by pointing out his game, lying and stealing. Charlie tries to make up for it by buying his dresses. She added the ethics that her business needed, while Charlie managed and Itchy provided construction. Carface uses violence and material damage to topple Charlie's business, which is not protected by the government. Charlie loses everything and all that's left is this girl. In the end, he had to choose between her life and yours. He first picks up the self-preservation watch and puts it down when the girl begins to sink. Both the girl and the clock were sinking, and he had to choose which one, and he chose the girl. <br /> <br /> The great part about this film that focuses on a person's ability to learn right and wrong over time. and a child's ability to cope with the natural occurrence of your pet's death is that it never shows anyone dying! The watch symbolizes your life, and the watch is shown submerged and stopped. All the deaths were suggestive, even to the villain. I have not cried during this movie so far, and I've been a lot more out of it, than I had to write and share with you.
