I love all dogs go to heaven, although I am a guy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films Don Bluth ever made! In the movie Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is aided by his friend Itchy (Liberty DeLuise) out of pound in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie who is in the casino business wants to share with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface who is not willing to share the same with Charlie pushes a car on a bridge to Charlie killing him! Charlie enters the sky and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that his time is over, showing him a watch that has stopped and she explains that All Dogs Go to Heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind his back and swings it back and he returns to live Earth with Annabelle screaming You can never go back! Charlie meets up with Itchy and they will soon explore to discover that Carface not only tried to kill Charlie, he also kidnapped a little orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface lets Charlie and Itchy help Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie will look for money! Ann Marie sees a couple that she thinks would be great for her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie appears behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money that a horse will win the race! The horse they said would win the win and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie will receive $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises to Ann Marie that he will use the money to give to the poor, but ends up buying a new casino and playing and buying pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and his cubs. Soon Ann Marie discovered that Charlie had stolen the man's wallet and used his money on horse racing and everything! Sad Charlie about this has a dream about going to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and discovers that Ann Marie is gone! She left to return the wallet to the couple who forgave her by the wallet and invited her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go out with him and she pretends to be sick but is caught by rats trying to feed them with King Gator but they manage to escape! Soon Carface appears and catches Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and asks King Gator to eat Carface. Charlie's time is over and he must die again. Itching with the help of the other dogs finds the couple who took Ann Marie and get them to go with them to where Ann Marie is. They are there in time to save Ann Marie, but it's too late to save Charlie, that time is over! Charlie, who is awarded for his heroic effort to save Ann Marie, is received back in Heaven, but before entering, he says goodbye to Ann Marie, who was adopted by the couple and asks her to care for Itchy for him. She says yes and tells Charlie that she loves him and says goodbye! Charlie enters Heaven again as it is said All dogs go to heaven! Full of wonderful animation, characters and history Don Bluth has proven us again that he is a good cheerleader! It's too bad this movie was released that same year Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! Both came out in 1989, which was the year before my birth! I think I'll have to call them both the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
