First of all, 'St. Ives's film is based only on the Robert Louis Stevenson story of the same name, but this time it's not a criticism. The original novel was a work-in-progress, unfinished on the death of the author, and in adapting it freely and giving it an end, the filmmakers brought to life some sympathetic characters who, though different from Stevenson's originals, I'm sure It enchanted and amused. <br /> <br /> It is 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphan of the Revolution guillotine, now serving as a hussar in Napoleon's army. We found him going out for the night, claiming that since a hussar who is not dead by 30 is "a bodyguard," he, at age 34, is now "on loan"! Certainly, as he faces a series of challenges for duels, our dashing hero seems to be in danger, but a surreal play on his Colonel provides him a way out of the duels and into the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, this also results in losing his commission ... Other misadventures result in him being taken prisoner by the British, and sent to a prisoner of war camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While sculpting toys and boxes, Jacques Draws the attention of Flora, Miss Young's niece. Susan Gilchrist, a woman traveled the world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story concerns Flora helping Jacques escape and finding his emigrant grandfather, old Comte. Of course, there is a problem. Jacques's older brother, Alain, a dissolute alcoholic, is - perhaps understandably - far from satisfied when his grandfather disowned him in front of the whole house, just as Jacques appeared ... Trace! There is also a fun subplot of the romance between the clumsy, naïve but good-hearted Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who traveled through much of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even admitting a natural prejudice in favor of any film in which the heroines share my surname, 'St. Ives is magical! It combines splendid sword swords, a balloon flight, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who loves 'the kind of movie they do not do any more' - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The acting is splendid. Anna Friel makes Flora a witty and attractive heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is delightful as Jacques, a genuinely kind hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already big favorites of mine and have a lot of fun like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship acts as a comic counterpoint to the leaders. As the grumpy, intriguing, but ultimately tragic Alain, Jason Isaacs shows, as he has most recently done in 'The Patriot', that he has the classic buck style in addition to the beautiful looks! Please, please, will someone climb it as a * hero * in the genre? !!! <br /> <br /> My main complaints about the film are scenarios and fantasies. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner is clearly Edinburgh, but the film, filmed in Ireland, Germany and France, "Highlandized" the setting, making retention of names such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry decidedly incongruous. The costumes are also a true hotch-potch, from 1780 until the period in which it is set. While this would not be implausible with more "profitable" characters, it seems strange to successful ladies like heroines to wear dresses from 1780 in 1813. Clearly, the wardrobe's decision was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually much more attractive and elegant than the fashions of the Regency, and work in the idealized world of the film. As a whole, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure delight.
