Like his older siblings, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to pierce his teeth in French cinema with a series of thrillers: "la Menace" (1977) and "Noire" (1979) among others. "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau conceived and filmed his works at this time of his career. They had splendid cinematography, meticulous scripts, and a sophisticated, efficiency-driven direction. <br /> <br /> Police Superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is an unconventional police officer who usually works alone. He makes the acquaintance of a young Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes his lover, ignoring that she has another lover: his superior Ganay (François Périer). When the latter learns, he kills her in a fit of rage. Ferrot has to investigate the murder and all the clues are inexorably against him ... <br /> <br /> It can be considered that this type of exaggerated history is not free from flaws and, sometimes, one can see through but the pedantic style of Corneau's guidance helps to conjure up a suffocating, suffocating atmosphere. The first part of the film before the night of the murder may seem uninteresting and yet it is crucial to what will follow that key moment. Corneau refuses a sober treatment, with sparse moments and short appearances by secondary and secondary characters that the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the disadvantages, Corneau and his foreman Daniel Boulanger wrote a skilful story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot retains a relatively low profile during the investigation. But your superior knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot has to find solid tricks to muddy the waters and thus exonerate himself. Eventually, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferrot himself. He is a police officer who slowly loses his identity and is at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is summed up in the moment that he plays with acid on his face so that the witnesses do not recognize him when he is placed face to face with them. <br /> <br /> The background of this thriller, Orléans, is efficiently enhanced. by Corneau's camera and helps to inspire this sinister thriller its pernicious charm.
