This drama is different from Sex and the City, where women drink a little and share their sexual encounters with each other. It is much more personal and people can relate to it. It is much more engaging and emotional at a new level than other dramas focusing on women and their lives as "Sex and the City, Lipstick Jungle ...." <br /> <br /> Dr. Katie Roden is a psychologist with an obscure secret, she seems much more depressed and guilty than the rest of her 3 friends. She is dealing with the death of her former lover, who was her patient, while dealing with her son's advances on her. Her dark clothes and her empty, cold house convey her emotions very well. <br /> <br /> Trudi Malloy, a widow, is facing problems with the "detachment" of her late husband from 9/11. And when a handsome stranger, Richard shows an interest in her, she is suddenly forced to do a reality check for her friends who suggest she go back to dating. The ridiculous and embarrassing dating scenes between Richard and Trudi are totally funny! It is interesting to note that Richard invited her out the day she received millions of 9/11 advice because of her husband's death. See how your intentions are Siobhan Dillon, a lawyer is tired of the love of her husband doing tactics involving only "baby doing" (as they are having trouble conceiving) and she quickly falls in love with his colleague who offers his "services" little willingly for her and she does not hesitate for long! Interesting to see if she will continue her case or mend with her husband (played by Raza Jeffrey) Jessica, a real estate business woman is single and straight, until she organizes a lesbian marriage and has an affair with one of them. Her character is shown as a daring and provocative woman who before her lesbian encounter is having sex with a "married man," her colleague. Let's see where your character ventures .... <br /> <br /> The beauty of this drama is that we are shown 4 totally different women with different scenarios whose ambitions and inhibitions are shown. It's also a good thing that the drama reveals the fact that sometimes friends lie to each other to be "safe"!
