Knowing what to expect (all) of a Denzel Washington performance - quality, integrity, seriousness, ironic humor - will prepare you for what you expect from your directorial debut. Much like Robert De Niro's The Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher offers the touching drama of a young man's life and the effects of key figures in his life. As in The Bronx Tale, De Niro played one of these key figures for the main character (he himself was born to play, but he was too old too) Washington assumes a similar role in this as the paternal advisor to the titular character - a character it looks like it should be played by a Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he had, first we would be deprived of the wonderfully measured performance and cleverly with nuances he gives as the Navy's adviser. However, the most important thing is that we could not see the superb, we can only hope for the protagonist to play the role of Derek Luke in the title role. Inevitably, the character appears molded in the form of Washington, but you get the impression that it's not just because Washington directed it, not that Luke was trying to copy it, but that Luke is genuinely powerful and thought provoking as an actor like Washington. It took a long time for Washington to receive the Academy Award he deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane, so let's hope Luke does not have to wait that long. Also a great cast of Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. Although the part may have been a forgettable support or a standard "girlfriend" role, Bryant imbues her with life. Timid and intelligent, the role transcends stereotypes, with Bryant inhabiting it, and it makes the play meaningful and interesting. It does not hurt that Bryant is possibly the most attractive woman you'll see on celluloid this year - the smile alone could unfreeze the coldest heart. Ability to act and look - why is not this woman at all what is being done now? Providing good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife, Berta. To say more with a silence or look than many Hollywood actresses can handle in an entire film, it informs the public of the whole story long before any exposure occurs. As for Washington's direction, as I said, it's the equivalent of his acting. Taking a man's story few viewers will have heard and making genuinely interesting is a difficult feat that Washington manages with ease. The film is neither hasty nor showy, but it never feels slow or bland. It is measured and nuanced, balancing mood and drama perfectly. Antwone Fisher may not surprise you if you like big, explosive, and untold Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a finely crafted character piece with excellent performances and steady, well-managed direction, this is for you.
