Unlike other commentators who commented on the film's ability to transcend race, on the contrary, I think this powerful film provides a complex and deep history that addresses institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful hand and a critical eye, renouncing this cinematic effort or dismembering the bodies of women, perpetuating inattentive stereotypes, or satisfying the expectation of the white gaze. I think this movie may be a little too happy in the end; however, is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discourse, to the point that some white spectators have the sensation of looking at the life of this African-American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the naval aspect of the movie, but when we look at America, there are not many options or opportunities for black men who are / were in Fisher's situation or similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie expecting a "Black Movie: what is a" Black Movie? "Making stereotypes of pimps, prostitutes, drug dealers, single parents, and so on constitute a" Black Movie. "" I think Washington, as a director, acknowledged that African-Americans and other people of color deal with human problems like abuse and displaced aggression, to name a few. These problems have - historically and presently - received light and validity only through "Will Hunting" and other white films; it is time they received the same recognition and validity from their white counterparts inside and outside the media. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before receiving an Oscar or anything else. They will have to wait until they direct or star in a movie that perpetuates the racist and sexist stereotypes to get an Oscar. say that Denzel deserved awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before that jive "Training Day" Oscar. This is not to deny or dismiss other great actresses and actors of color who are denied due praise for ingenious work. Still, Hollywood prefers to send the message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable, perpetuating and even rewarding these stereotypes as they appear in numerous films such as "American Beauty", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" , "American Pie". "and even" Gone with the Wind. "Derek Luke is a great actor and I wish him well. All the other actresses and actors gave great performances, although I have a problem with the selection of Denzel from another system of light hair and light skin.That said, everyone should watch this movie.However, it may not be for everyone.
