This film, based on a true story, comes from the first director and longtime actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances of the past decade, as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory, and a lawyer in acclaimed Philadelphia. And of course, he gained special notoriety last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor on Training Day, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the Best Actor Award. I think Denzel wanted to change his pace, so he chose to drive Antwone Fisher, in which he also stars. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the movies, but made some appearances on television shows such as the King of Queens, and he will be appearing at the launch of the next Biker Boyz movie. <br /> <br /> This is a truly well done film from Denzel Washington, considering it was his first time directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in Antwone Fisher's real-life story. Antwone Fisher is about a young African-American in the Navy who constantly quarrels, and after a particular fight he is sent to see a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone deal with her troubled past and learn to move on with her life by finding her birth mother who had to give it up at birth because she was in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it is not overly melodramatic. I was expecting something a bit more like Good Will Hunting, with a lot of profanity, fights and vulgarity. Not that I did not like Good Will Hunting, or the scolding, fighting, and vulgarity of the movie were out of place. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I do not think Washington wanted to sensationalise the story for a dramatic effect in the film. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see Antwone struggling, continuing and having moments when it seems like the world is approaching him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's response is "under a rock," an obvious blow to the pressures that diminish the soul of Antwone Fisher. But I had to appreciate the fact that this movie was not sensationalised for the dramatic effect. I think this shows the real character of Denzel Washington's part in delivering a more realistic story and avoiding the typical cliches that are commonplace in Hollywood movies, even those based on actual stories. Another point I would like to address about Antwone Fisher is acting. Overall, the performances were good in the movie, but not satisfying. Sometimes I think it was a bit obvious that the main characters were actors, but overall, complaining about performances in that movie would be ridiculous. An actress who would like to highlight in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but she says only two sentences in the film, but not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but more because she is in shock that her long-lost son, Antwone, found her. What I would like to point out about her as an actress in not using her. She's basically a character actress, and I have not seen her play any really elaborate role. She made appearances in Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate and Leopold, and two recent films: Far from Heaven and Solaris. In Steven Soderberg's Solaris remake, she played a scientist in a doomed spacecraft orbiting a planet. In this film, she is confronted by George Clooney's character and she flinches at what Clooney tells her in a particular scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing it tear at the scene and thinking, wow, this woman can act. It was as if you could feel the pain of the character. In that brief photo of her face, she gave so much expression and I sincerely felt sorry for the sadness and problems of her character in the film. I think she has a definite potential as an actress and should be used more often, perhaps in leadership roles, rather than just as a character-driven actress. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good film. Denzel Washington, as always, gets a great performance and gives us a great directorial debut. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his immense critical fame to his portrayal of the troubled man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, who also stars Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memory" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
