"And the time came when the risk of being held in a button was more painful than the risk that ran" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says: "The real journey of discovery lies in not seeing new landscapes, but in having new eyes . "Author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish," written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in the film Antwone Fisher, the first directorial work of Denzel Washington. It is a frank, if somewhat stereotyped, examination of the painful process of ceasing to be consumed by the past in order to live life in the present time. <br /> <br /> Needed to attend therapy sessions after several base anger outbursts, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashback as the grown-up Antwone (Derek Luke) recounts his life in sessions with the psychiatrist Navy Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). At first he is not willing to speak, but when he begins, the floodgates are opened. After his father was shot dead by a girlfriend and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment of her foster mother, Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson), who referred to him only as "nigga" and by her cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was in fact much worse than the one shown on the screen . <br /> The only friend he has is a place called Jesse (Jascha Washington) who later on in the movie only increases his feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to build a film around psychiatric sessions, but was successfully done in Common People and Goodwill with much more dramatic interest, but is successful because of the dominant performances of Washington and Luke, although the film's attempt to compress eleven years in a few months seems a bit too easy. Davenport's humanity and enthusiasm, however, allow Fisher to feel confident enough to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend who is also in the Navy, supports him in his fight to make a breakthrough. <br /> <With the help of Cheryl and the advice of Dr. Davenport, Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey to try to find her mother to complete the past. What comes through Derek Luke's incredible performance is Antwone's wish for acceptance dramatized in a moving dream shown at the beginning of the film in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet full of people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are here: to find the way home ..." Antwone Fisher touches not only the homesickness of a young man to find his way home, but it strikes all those who cried to sleep, without knowing the joy of being loved.
