Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Running time: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was the quintessential comedy of the decade. It won Sir John Gielgud, the Oscar. It was even featured in "I Love the 80's" from VH1. And it looks as good today as it did in the initial release. Arthur is the acclaimed classic comedy about a drunken millionaire (played with enthusiasm and intelligence by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated performance) who must choose between the woman he loves and the life he is accustomed to. Although the basic plot is a big cliché, there is nothing banal about this combination of intelligent dialogue and hilarious farce. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing more than a pretentious idiot, but you can not help liking him. Especially when he delivers sentences like, "You did not want me to be me? I know I did!" It is also a delineation of the hero of archetypal cinema: unlike the richest characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed to be rotten rich. In one scene, a man asks him, "What does it feel like to have all that money?", To which he replies, "It's great." Moore lends such charisma and charm to a character who would otherwise be hated by his audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant servant, addressing his master with utmost condescension, despite the fact that his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or particularly exceptional: it's natural. The script - which also won a nod from the Academy - is saturated with an authentic dialogue. This is the kind of movie that, along with a lot of poker friends, you cite endlessly to each other. He also looks at his characters with sincere empathy. There have been a number of comedies that try to delve into drama, including the death or illness of a leading star (including the two grumpy old men), but few can do it because we simply do not care. When this film makes the dubious decision to overthrow the butler, it actually works, because we genuinely like those people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a versatile pleasure and not guilty. In a period when movies are becoming more and more serious, Arthur reminds us what it's like to go to the movies and have fun. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
