I remember trying a few minutes of this movie, I'm very surprised to have not seen all this, from director Steve Gordon, his only film directed before he died of heart failure. Basically, Golden Bach (Golden Globe winner and Dudley Moore) is the happy millionaire drunk with everything he could possibly want, a mansion, a Hobson butler (BAFTA nominee and Golden Globe nominee Sir John Gielgud) and lots of drink. . He must inherit $ 750,000,000 if he marries the daughter of fellow millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the woman he and his family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur falls in love with waitress Linda Marolla (nominated for the Golden Globe Liza Minnelli), who is obviously threatening the inheritance, and 3/4 of the fortune of his family from his father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha ( Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur on the day of the marriage disobeys the family's wishes, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the inheritance to live happily ever after with true love, Linda. Also starring Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha 's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and somewhat shrunken as the almost always drunken millionaire, Minnelli is as nice as the woman he loves, and Gielgud, of course, gets a great impression as Moore's humble servant humbug, a fantastic comedy. He won the Oscar for Best Song for "Arthur's Theme" (he also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 in 100 Years, 100 Songs), and was nominated for Best Writing, Written Directly . for Screen, was named the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music by Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for Best Picture - Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 in The 50 Greatest British Actors, and the film was number 53 in 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very good!
