1928 is, in many ways, a "lost year" in motion pictures. Just as some of the best silent-era movies were being made in every genre, the sound was coming and-while reaping huge profits at the box office-it was defining the art of filmmaking five years ago as the film industry struggled. with the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great comedies of the silent era. The movie shows that William Haines had comedic skills beyond his usual super confident guy formula that turns everyone against him, learns his lesson, and then redeems himself by winning the football game, the polo game, etc. This film is also an exhibition. to illustrate that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comedic instincts and timing. This movie begins as the adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and his father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the south. General Pepper decided that he would let a lucky film studio executive hire his daughter as an actress. While on studio commissioner, the Peppers find Billy Boone (William Haines), a comedy comedian. He makes Peggy an acting job. She is unhappy when she discovers that she is clownish, but perseveres. Eventually, she is discovered by a large studio and she and Billy separate as she begins to take on dramatic roles. Soon the newly discovered fame goes to the head, and she is about to lose her audience and win a real title when she decides to marry her new leader, whom she does not really love, unless fate somehow interferes. One of the things that MGM often does in its films of the end of the silent era and in its first movies of the sonorous era is the filming presentation of how the cinema was made in MGM around 1930. This movie is one of those, we caught Charlie Chaplin trying to get Peggy's autograph, an abundance of MGM player appearances during that time, including director King Vidor himself, and even a special guest appearance by Marion Davies as Peggy seeing Marion Davies as Marion Davies coming to work on the lot. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she does not care about her. Really a delight from start to finish, this is a silence that is definitely worth it. This is one of the films that I also recommend you use to introduce people to the silent movie art as it is very accessible.
