This 1981 comedy still shines thanks to the combined efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in his late forties, died shortly after completing this, his only feature film. It's a particularly unfortunate loss as he shows a truly skillful hand in character-driven farce that makes the whole movie irresistible. It plays almost like a crazy comedy of the 1930s style, renovated to contemporary tastes. The plot revolves around Arthur Bach, a millionaire and drunken playboy who risks losing his $ 750 million inheritance if he does not marry Susan Johnson, a handpicked heiress by his old father and grandmother. Of course he does not love her, and by chance, he meets Linda Marolla, a working-class waitress (and, of course, an aspiring actress) after stealing a Bergdorf Goodman tie for her father. <br /> <br /> The standard complications follow, but in a very pleasant way, with loads of alcoholic pastries performed with Moore's classic élan. The fact of making such a pampered and likable character is credit not only to his comedic talents but also to the icy, acid gielgud like Hobson, Arthur's dedicated but full-featured jack. It's the kind of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson such a memorable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection of poignancy in the process. In probably her loveliest role in cinema, Liza Minnelli delivers the photo to her male co-stars by lowering her usual dazzling personality and making Linda genuine in motivation. A law pre-law "LA Law" Jill Eikenberry plays Susan on the passive and aggressive note while Barney Martin (Jerry's father in "Seinfeld") steals all of her scenes as Linda's sloppy father Ralph The only fly in the soup is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who exaggerates her grandmother's eccentricities.And I have to admit that I still can not stand the much dated and exaggerated music of Christopher Cross that inevitably won an Oscar for that song's best song Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, certainly in need of remastering, has no noteworthy extras, except for a few pictures and production notes.
