I had seen Marion Davies in some movies and could not really understand her appeal. She could not dance for peanuts, she did not try to sing and as for her acting - she seemed in a trance. But I had not seen her silent comedies and this movie is wonderful. Instead of deceiving her own image as suggested here, it seems to me a satire of Gloria Swanson, who began with comedy comedies, went on to photograph highly emotional women, and ended up marrying an earl. Marion, a top imitator, also made a funny rabbit imitation whenever she wanted to be seen as grand, which was Gloria Swanson in sight !!! Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has traveled from Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter Peggy (Marion Davies) will be the greatest star of all time. Their hope diminishes and they fall to their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines), who works at the slapstick studios and promises to get a job for Peggy. Peggy thinks she's going to be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she's a fantastic comedy. They convince her to make the film and in the preview she is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for his autograph, but she does not recognize him and treats him rudely. "Who was that little guy" - when she finds out she faints !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and suddenly she's on her way. There's a funny scene where she sees a star she does not think much of - it's Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> She finally gets a chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene when the director tries everything to make her cry and when he can, she can not stop !!! His new protagonist, Andre (Paul Ralli) convinces her to forget her past of comedy and become elite and sophisticated - she even adopts a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the stud artist picks the same spot as the "Patricia" movie, Billy is thrilled to see it, but completely unprepared for his snobby attitude. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes she's not the girl he met. <br /> <br /> After a lunch in the studio (a magnificent parade of some of the biggest stars of the day) "Patricia" gets a call from the Boss. It looks like her films are a failure and no theater wants to record them - the audience is tired of its mannerisms and wants old Peggy back. She and Andre decide to marry, she dreams of being a countess (although Billy says that Andre used to serve spaghetti at a small cafe in the center of town and is no longer a earl than he). On her wedding day, Billy visits and after a hilarious pie fight, she realizes Billy is the one for her. It was amazing to see all the stars invited - John Gilbert is seen at MGM gates, Lew Cody is talking to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It," but several daring romances that were made in MGM. William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially at the cafeteria scene, he had a wonderful comic timing. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as the director of comedy - there were so many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion was at the top of all - I'm giving this film 10 out of 10. Highly, Highly Recommended.
