8 Simple Rules for Dating My teenage daughter has had an auspicious beginning. Supremely talented Tom Shadyac was involved in the project. That meant the comedy would be nothing short of spectacular, and that's exactly what happened: the show remains one of the coolest and funest shows ever made. Each line, facial expression, choice of cast, scene, all of perfection. There was not an episode after which I thought, "Man who was not as good as the rest." Each one was a highlight. Tom Shadyac is the director of Ace Ventura (first film), The Nutty Professor (first) and Liar Liar. Very much a resume. He is a producer here, not a director, but his magic touch is felt in every episode. The family consists of: <br /> <br /> Father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): sympathetic, slightly neurotic, can be a jerk from time to time, works as a sports writer. Unfortunately, John passed away in 2003, leaving a good memory and almost certain cancellation of the contemplations of the suits. <br /> <br /> Mother: Cate (Katey Sagal): Come on, who did not fall in love with Katey when she played Peg at Married With Children? Al Bundy was our hero. We spectators have given him the respect and love he has never had. But without Peg's indifferent, lazy, lazy style, Al probably would have been just another Chicago dad, instead of the mess that Peg (life, actually) made him. Katey was a MILF at that time and still is: a brune now (instead of a redhead) and as buxom as ever. Cate is the conservative mother and loving wife. I know it sounds boring, but comedically, it fits perfectly. <br /> <br /> The beautiful blond daughter: Bridget (played perfectly by Kaley Cuoco): hardly ever an idiot has been played so well. In addition to Gob in Arrested Development, Bridget may well be a substitute for any award given to this archetype. Bridget is shallow, egocentric, not very bright and a little sneaky in her eyes. She plays the role of blonde ass better than absolutely any IMO. Perfection. One of the highlights of the show. <br /> <br /> The neglected geeky daughter: Kerry (Amy Davidson): a brune and a geek, she does not receive love from life or circumstances. You feel forgotten, underestimated and neglected most of the time. She is Bridget's younger sister (actually she is older than she is) and the extremely opposing personalities and brains of the two cause endless clashes for much of our fun. The Son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): was the second The funniest character before Ritter's death, then John passes, new characters appear and Rory is not the verbal troublemaker he used to do: this is mainly due to the character of David Spade. <br /> <br /> These characters were the main characters in the time of John Ritter. Unfortunately enough, the insanely hilarious Larry Miller (one of my favorites) did not have much time on the screen. He played Paul's colleague / competitor. After an aortic dissection cost Ritter's life in 2003 (September 11), the program went on hiatus for a while. No one thought they could go back, but later, with some new additions. This started the second phase of the show, and the new characters were: The director of the school: Ed (Adam Arkin): I saw Adam here and there on talk shows. This was the first time I saw him do anything. Impressed, is the word I use. His performance was very impressive. Sadly he was not brought in earlier. He also interprets Cate's potential love interest after Paul passes by. Gradual progress toward this point (which would sound crazy at first) gives much praise to creators. It was done slowly, carefully and excellently, with constant respect to Paul (Ritter). <br /> <br /> Grandpa Attitude: Jim Egan (James Garner): A surprisingly welcome addition to the series, he was cannon fodder for endless 'old' jokes, mostly for ... <br /> The 35-year-old unemployed half-brother who breaks his mother: CJ (played at insanely funny heights by David Spade): I knew Spade was funny, just did not know he was funny. Somehow, Spade's very familiar presence is felt within his character (as opposed to a separable character), which is understandable, since he is a comedian and is in a comedy show. This frightening feeling is like seeing someone borrow a lot of material from David Spade's appearances in movies, talk shows and shows and make an impressive depiction of Spade's voice and comedy style except that it's Spade. By this I mean that you realize that he is not trying to play another person, or a totally new character: he is the funny and funny Spade we know, and he takes that pleasantly humorous formula to the absolute top. Every line he uttered, all the sarcasm he generated, all the classics, literally. Spade was very funny; So it's funny. The mood and drama of the show were heightened after the show came back, but the audience thought, "John passed, it will not be the same again." This is understandable, considering we are talking about a group of people (American viewers) who hitchhiked to Yes Dear, but caused the cancellation of the Universe Control Andy Richter in an instant. As the series quality increased, their ratings declined. Soon it was not, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> And I saved the best for last: Married With Children fans are at a party. And boy, what a pleasure that was. I still tremble just remembering that. It's such a good surprise that it would be crazy to spoil it, even if I legitimately do it under the guise of "spoiler ...". Suffice it to say that it is something you will never forget. I know I will not :-)
