I had the pleasure of showing "The Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream films from last year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was cast for this festival for the simple reason that it was filmed locally in and around Connecticut. However, as the credits started rolling, I could only think of how well "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the others presented during the festival. By far, it was at the top of my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair," "Who Killed the Electric Car," and "Transamerica." The Big Bad Swim is an engaging, true, and often-humorous look at various adult-class swimming education students and their sympathetic but troubled instructor who has a depth that I have not seen on the screen in a good time. The development of intertwined characters and plot lines derived from something as absurd as adult swimming lessons work in subtle and captivating ways that I find refreshing. The plot does not hit your head with a direction; instead, it builds and grows organically with a rhythm that was in place. I was never bored. I never cringed. I never left the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the film is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" and "Old School". The performance of a group of relatively unknown actors was credible and their dialogue never seemed strange or artificial. Obviously, not being a multi-million dollar production, the camera was not so inspiring and clear, but adequate and well-made for the budget. The lighting and filming technique for scenes filmed in the strip club scene was particularly appealing because of a more realistic approach than a similar thematic scene found in "Closer". I also found shots filmed underwater from the waist down class seemed to be a picture of the character as much as a shot from the shoulders could be. <br /> <br /> I am sure it is said repeatedly in the independent film industry, but I have to say it: If "The Big Bad Swim" is not chosen for some sort of distribution, I would be extremely disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" needs to be seen. If you have the chance to see this movie, SEE! Disappointment is impossible!
