Sunday, July 16, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "Like a colonel from the south, your make-up is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> Hollywood gossipers managed to shoot more than a little mud in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. That she had fame surrendered to her and was unworthy, is often speculated. Considering the sly dramas with which it has often been pressed, this criticism seems to have some validity. As a comedian, however, his star glowed brightly. Left to pursue a career of light comedy and clowning, she could have rivaled Mabel Normand. One of his best outings was King Vidor's Show People (1928), which survives and is so well known, largely because MGM has filled it with star cameos. This happy coincidence inadvertently saved what is surely among the best works of his two stars, Davies, and the notorious Joe College ace William Haines. There are rumors that Show People was loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, who started in Sennett's comedies and rose to the big drama (And do not think she did not spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille . Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this movie are the original excavations that Keystone abandoned the year before (think of who worked there!) Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) directs his daughter Peggy (Davies)) from Georgia to Hollywood to star in the movies. These two hipsters are unsuspected for the incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "a cream pie artist." who descends on her cafeteria table in an outrageously funny entrance (pay attention to the mouthful with the pasta), and then helps Peggy get a role in her next photo. What she thinks is a big drama ends up being crazy, but a job is a job and Billy convinces her "... do all stars have to hold on to the chin?" At the preview, Billy and Peggy come up with ... Charlie Chaplin, who asks for his autograph! She pushes the little guy aside and a horrified Billy grabs the book and makes him sign. Chaplin climbs in his car and Billy tells Peggy that she is just snubby, so, of course, she faints. It's very funny, considering that the character of Davies should not recognize this guy! Peggy soon goes to work at High Art Studios, changes her name to 'Patricia Pepoire' and leaves poor Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful presentation of a serious actress, with all the prerequisites of quivering eyelashes and quivering lips. Vidor launches a parade of stars eating lunch on a long trail (and everyone sits side by side facing the camera!) Which includes Polly Moran (who is also sensationally funny playing Davies' maid), Louella Parsons of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, comedy duo Karl Dane (with arm in sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the cutlery), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antics), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a tunic) Gilbert (who also appears driving through the MGM gates at the beginning of the photo), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (looking moody and indifferent as always) and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, sandwiched between Douglas Fairbanks (as he does a fun trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy finds the High Art team on the scene when the comedy troupe stops filming, with predictable results. Vidor even works for the final scene as director of Peggy's current production. Also noteworthy is Harry Gribbon as the director of comedy making a great cartoon of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as the dramatic director who can not make Peggy cry for his on-screen test and then can not stop her, and Paul Ralli as Andre , his dramatic love interest and a fake hilarious. When your character tries to 'act' it's as if Davies is mocking all the horrible dramas she's been forced to do and she's brilliant at it. <br /> <br /> While it's true Show People is a grin on the "good days of life" ten years from now, it remains a very fun example of quality work from MGM, Irving Thalberg and his tremendous wealth of gathered talents. What a shame it was lost. There are also many great examples of such films as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies' hugely successful comedy earlier that year, languishing in vaults when they could be seen and appreciated.
