I had the opportunity to see this movie twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed it so much that I watched it a second time when they had an encore screening. <br /> <br /> When I think of movies that are shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be nervous and eccentric, often with the feel of an elaborate student project. There is nothing wrong with these types of projects, of course, and I appreciate the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more mainstream approach to independent film. By "mainstream," I mean more like a film produced for national release - in other words, a movie you would see in a regular movie. <br /> <br /> The writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting in this film are all totally professional. There is nothing typically independent about this movie. As an aspiring director, I am always looking for movies that will motivate me to stop procrastinating and to try harder to make my career progress. This is one of those movies. While I was watching The Big Bad Swim, my level of motivation was incredible. I felt as if my adrenaline had come into play. The reason I felt this way was because I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to begin writing this long project. When a movie makes me feel this way, I know it's very good. This is the first feature film project of Ishai Setton and I found myself wishing it had been my project. For me, this is really weird. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It's beautifully filmed and directed, and the cast is excellent. Paget Brewster offers a very credible and enjoyable performance. She has a quality about her, a charisma that really draws you and keeps you focused on her every time she's on the screen. It makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend. That's a gift. I think the industry is really losing out by not using their acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did top-level jobs. I can not say enough good things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from everyone involved in your production.
