I was not really a big fan of Star Trek until the last 2-3 years. Thanks to the advent of Netflix and the distribution of post-2000 video technology, I can embark on the past of every major episode of Star Trek. For those who do not really watch each episode and know them by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., the general popular consensus will say - "I like the Next Generation" the best. That's because Captain Picard and his crew were new when they appeared after decades of Star Trek starvation. But to be quiet and honest, I am more grateful for the creativity of Voyager episodes than TNG. Voyager episodes also progress over time, unlike TNG. The data provided by TNG are great, but they eventually age, but the Voyager doctor - now that's creativity! Instead of making the artificial intelligence strange and shaken, give it the freedom to express beyond what you imagined. Not only is Picardo a great actor, but the premise of his expansive growth as a doctor, self-realization, now that is science fiction at its best! Endgame portrays him as a "organic" married husband, inventing a neuro-implant transceiver for man-machine interface, and even - in the episode before the End of the Game, disobeying the Captain's order and making "human" errors. Unlike the DS9 who is blessed with 2 gorgeous women since the first episode, Voyager has to survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I believe it is the Picardo who carries them with his personality. Of course the rest of Voyager's cast chemistry simply flows effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - all natural. I love Tuvoc occasional humor despite being a Vulcan. Finally, I'm so glad they got rid of the original captain - ah, if you watch the rare pictures - thank God for Kate! She has developed over the years an extremely confident, trustworthy and respectable female captain. What a great job! Thank you Star Trek for doing Voyager, I appreciate every episode, the creative exploration of possibilities, morale and our cosmic extent.
