In recent months I've been collecting Voyager seasons 4 through 7 on DVD (I've only had 1 to 3 on video before, because Kes is my favorite character) and I've just come to an end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK, but they had mostly forgotten. Am I satisfied with the ending? I think I am. Of course as I'm a fan, I would have liked to have seen more about what happened to the characters when they got home, but this was left to our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to "All Good Things ??" of Next Gen The involvement of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new novel beginning at the end (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), resulting in death in the future. I really loved the "Endgame", fair to all the characters, Neelix appears, although he has left the ship two episodes before. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with the loving husband Tom. Tuvok is sick but returning home means he can be cured. Harry has always been the most anxious and determined, but admits that the journey is important. The Doctor, in the future, is well respected by all and finally chooses the name Joe! But of course the captain has the biggest role, knowing his future self who wants to take the crew home early to avoid casualties. The Borgs are involved, as they played an important part in this Voyager period. Alice Krige interprets Queen Borg again fantastically, only her voice and her method of acting are magnificent. I'm sorry for Susanna Thompson, the Queen of TV Borg was replaced by the Queen of the movie Borg. Maybe she was not available though. The special effects are fantastic, the Borg Subspace Center and the Borg Queen collapsing! It's very tense. Especially when they leave Borg's subspace corridor and say their location is exactly where they thought they would be after they said they would have to go in a corridor leading back to the delta quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to get into a Borg sphere for protection, in the special features of the DVD they say it was like the Trojan horse. Voyager could have continued. If it were more popular, they would have had the original idea that the crew would realize that the ship is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and son are there. And then they could have gotten home in a movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager was a bit hit and miss. The sixth season seemed to be a good followed by a less than good time. The two episodes set in the holographic Irish village are horrible! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took over, everything revolved around her, which was not true. When she first appeared, Season 4 was focused on her for many of the episodes, but stabilized after that. And his character is ingenious at times, 20 years as a Borg Borg gradually rediscovering his humanity. I like it, especially in "Someone to Watch Over Me," "Imperfection," and "Human Error." When Naomi Wildman was scared of her initially, but then became her friend many times by her side, that was great. Chakotay has become my least favorite character. It was the chemistry with Janeway (they will not?) And you would never think he was the first officer, he is completely left out most of the time. I loved to see Tom and B'elanna's relationship against the odds. I've always really liked Neelix. Tuvok was good sometimes, especially when he lost his logic, gained excitement and was a friend of Neelix. Harry was annoying at times, but a character well on other occasions. The Doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far he gets and comedy situations that he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain of any series and you can say Kate Mulgrew is really enjoying it. <br /> <br /> I wish there were more, I love Voyager!
