So every year there's at least one movie, which has no chance of being a blockbuster, because from the moment of production, even before a simple shoot is filmed, everyone is choosing this movie ... a long list of this (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)), and then there are some that really do. (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws, but they're quite nice are great for what they are, but no one admits! I mean, my God, just because the big crowd has to have a victim every year they can catch, not everyone has to join them. So yeah, maybe these movies are not perfect, but come on, how many movies are they? Not every movie should be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will like these movies, but I'll bet there's more than they admit they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just hysterical funny, Color of Night (1994), which may not be worthy of an Oscar, but definitely not a thrill-seeker with some good twists, Swept Away (2002), which I thought is a great mix of sick humor and a beautiful novel, Gigli (2003), which was great entertainment with some really memorable lines and did not hurt the old "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year is "Wild Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies I was very skeptical, and although I really love Sharon Stone, I stayed skeptically until I finally saw that movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I can not understand why it's so bad and so bad to vote here. He simply does not copy the original, has a rather clever story, has tension, action, humor and the absolutely stunning Sharon Stone reprise the role of his life! At age 47, when she shoots the film, she looks hotter than many stars in her 20s, but she's more than beautiful, she's brilliantly represented, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she talks and move ... first frame she is in you can not take her eyes off her. It's simply a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also have solid performances! So I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a dark, exciting, sexy and brave look, strong performances, and you've never felt bored! Maybe the story is not Oscar, but it never tries to be! It's an entertaining movie and by that standard is absolutely perfect in my opinion! So give it a chance!
