Finally, after years awaiting a new movie to continue the sexual chaos of "Wild Instinct", we were given a great sequel that is packed with the right elements needed for a franchise like this! I remember everything about the original, steam, romance, sex, interrogation, music (from master Jerry Goldsmith), and everything else, from violence and murder, to intense confrontations of all kinds! Make no mistake, "Wild Instinct" was a real winner for the public everywhere. I remember in 2001, when they gave us the first news about such a sequence. Five years later, we have it. I never would have thought it would end like this. When it was declared a discarded project, time certainly could not tell if it was a real possibility to start. Well, I guess we now know that anything is possible in this case. Even if the original director, or writer, is not present, all we need is the glamorous and always trustworthy Sharon Stone, and we have an agreement made! Please, listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this movie is bad, I think it's just due to the fact that the style is extreme and a bit dated. I use the word "dated" just because we have not seen a certain film of the genre for many years, and the audience has adapted to the senseless and boring narrative seen in other films that actually make money, and the only reason why they make such Big numbers movies is because these movies are familiar. Who needs some hole and clean? Of course it's a nice thing to have, but come on! Escapism is really little these days, and "Wild Instinct 2" gives us real fans what we expected. This movie is not Oscar winner, nor does it try to be. He simply offers stubborn fans what they expect. It's a fun movie. Movies today seem to take themselves very seriously, but this movie is just loose and fun, not taking itself seriously, not very seriously anyway. That said, I will evaluate the film. <br /> <br /> The movie is a fast-paced movie of the first second, when we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, accelerating to 110 MPH - and enjoying lascivious emotions in doing so. . Maybe the sex and the direction do not mix, because our sexy novelist gives a twist and ... well, she comes out unscathed, but her studious partner does not do very well. Once again, Tremell is the prime suspect in the accident, and will be placed under analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically drawn to her from the first moment she meets her. Like another criminal investigator before him, he is fascinated and seduced, slowly and surely. His denial of everything begins to crumble around him as she weaves a spell that only she has the power to do. Tramell is possibly more dangerous now, than she was before, but as the first, we'll never really know, shall we? Once the seduction is in motion, jealousy, anger, drugs and an erotic dish scenery follow! <br /> <br /> This movie does not recycle the first, but it mentions the incidents of previous films briefly from time to time. This is a good thing. This allows us, as a public, to know that the script was written to raise the level one or two points. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, as if 14 years had not happened. His second version of the fraudulent novelist is in the same place as before. Simply amazing! David Morrissey is well chosen and manages very well. The fact that an unpopular star was chosen makes its performance even more enjoyable because we, as a public, have no knowledge of it, only what we see it doing. My last thought - 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So it is not the first, nor can it live up to the first prize. It can, however, live up to the standards set by the first movie, and that makes people! That happens.
