It seems to be becoming fashionable to rip "Wild Instinct 2," to such a degree that a significant portion of the public (including critics) found it awful even before it was released. It seems even more fashionable to destroy Sharon Stone, who, like all of us, is now fourteen years older and, unlike most of us, still looks wonderful. The first comments about this movie were so cruel that I had to see for myself. In my opinion, this sequence is not as good as the original movie, but it's not as bad as most of the comments pretend. Michael Caton-Jones is not Paul Verhoeven, nor Henry Bean and Leora Barish are Joe Eszterhas. "Wild Instinct 2" is just an entertainment thriller, and in addition to the addition of the original Jerry Goldsmith soundtrack, retains little resemblance to its predecessor. Even Stone gives his character a different dimension, creating a lusty and diabolical Catherine Trimell, who can perfectly classify herself among other monsters such as Hannibal Lecter. She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid to take risks and can play with the camp at her leisure. Unfortunately, it seems to be the main target for those who like to throw away this movie. She has become very successful, much of a main icon, and like all actors who have reached that level, her time has come and she is now doomed to be destroyed by Hollywood audiences. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is excellent, giving performances that are far better than the material deserves. David Morrissey is a much better actor and much more interesting than Michael Douglas: his acting is impeccable, giving a dense and complex dimension to a one-dimensional character. As he has more time on the screen and is the axis of the film, he can keep his attention from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> I'm not recommending "Wild Instinct 2" as a great movie; I am just expressing my disagreement with most of the comments on this site and my belief that other agendas besides the film itself are shaping the opinion of most viewers.
