"Wisecracker," the biography of actor William Haines, offers a satisfying anecdote about the former star when he was 70 and retired long from the movies. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to attend a screening at the Los Angeles Museum of SHOW PEOPLE, the last silent feature in which he co-starred with Marion Davies. In advance, Haines was worried that this comedy would provoke the wrong kind of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised (and certainly relieved) by how well he stayed and how much the young crowd liked. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it satirizes its targets with intelligence and talent, but without malice. It's still funny and its satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, the technology of filmmaking has changed a lot since the silent days, but the pretensions and nonsense of the filmmakers themselves have not changed that much. SHOW PEOPLE also stands out as the best surviving work of Marion Davies, a top-notch comic artist who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedians. As far as his career was concerned, Davies was both blessed and cursed by the patronage of his lover, the newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst exerted enormous influence over Davies's choice of roles, and well-known also that despite his gift for comedy, he preferred to see her portray worthy heroines in period dramas. In the late 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to parade her stuff in several exuberant comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great King Vidor, is her most enjoyable showcase. William Haines gives a pleasing and engaging performance as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the protagonist's show to the end. <br /> <br /> Marion plays the southern beauty Peggy Pepper, an aspiring Hollywood actress accompanied by her father determined to become a movie star. (His father, Colonel Pepper, is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's Biograph dramas who coincidentally resembled Hearst!) One of Marion's funniest parts, often drawn from elsewhere, is his audition in the Comet Studio's casting office. . While Daddy suggests suggestive emotions to portray ("Sadness! ... Joy!") And throw a handkerchief on his face, Peggy takes on the appropriate expression and posture. She's hired, only to find Comet making low-browed comedies, the kind of comedies in which people squirm at each other with sheriffs and awkward cops running over each other running for ransom. Of course the comet claims to be a Keystone takeoff by Mack Sennett, but the true nature of satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. As Peggy Pepper climbs into the hierarchy of movie stars, she leaves comet for the most prestigious High Art Studio, taking on the name "Patricia Peppoire" as more attuned to her new season in life as a serious actress. At some point, it may come to us (as certainly happened to viewers in 1928) that Davies' rival Gloria Swanson had begun in Keystone's comedies before gaining prominence in serious dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And as Ms. Peppoire takes himself more seriously, giving high-quality treatment to former colleagues like the humble comedian Billy Boone, Davies' performance takes on a perverse element of parody, apparently aimed directly at Swanson herself. This is especially noticeable during a sequence of interviews, when Ms. Peppoire does a pretentious nonsense while the star does an imitation of Swanson. I suppose this was planned as a friendly parody, but I have to imagine how friendly relations were between Gloria and Marion after this movie was released. <br /> <br /> In any event, SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful treat for fans, who will enjoy the parade of star cameos throughout. Charlie Chaplin contributes a bit, without makeup and looking quite different, looking for the autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And in a show of good sportsmanship, Marion Davies herself makes a mocking appearance, making Swanson's soundtrack mocking herself.) This is a silent movie that viewers not especially attuned to the silences can appreciate. at least those viewers with a taste for movies about the movie business. SHOW PEOPLE certainly belongs to the company of classics like SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most skillfully produced and entertaining exercises of Hollywood in the fun self-examination.
