As a child, I always hated being forced to watch musicals. I never understood why people would turn into songs like that, and I was too young to appreciate the artistic talent (choreography, set design, costumes, rhythm) behind it all. "Oliver!" From Carol Reed was the musical that I remember strangely to like child, probably because it is one of the darkest and is adequately drenched in the spirit of Dickens misery. This is a musical about the life of the ghetto in Victorian London, and although the setting and the scenery are rigid, obscure and true to this lifestyle, it is bizarre that people are turning into such ridiculous songs in their midst. misery. In a recent show, my first since childhood, I have some new thoughts and insights about why this musical "works" on this kind of bizarre music, and why most simply do not do it for me. When musicals work or really say something, it is because they perceive their own inherent awkwardness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark," as tragic and operatic and exhausting as it was, functioned as a musical because the musical numbers were the products of the protagonist's imagination, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Likewise, the very cynical and enjoyable "Chicago" worked on a similar level because the musical numbers were the products of a homicidal singer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their own musical nature very seriously (as in the "Moulin Rouge") or are simply very cute about nothing (meaning something nonsense like "Mary Poppins"). Seeing "Oliver!" for the first time as an adult, I saw him in a new light. Said mainly from the young Oliver's point of view, I saw the musical numbers as the products of his childish imagination and his way of dealing with the horrors of ghetto life around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy put everyone in the tavern signing and dancing on the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of the evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably captivating and it sounded like real pub music that drunks could start singing around a piano. There are other great and classic melodies to be heard here, and the direction and performance of the tracks to the dancing extras are top notch. <br /> <br /> Still, in spite of all its desolation (though it has a happy mood, ending with Oliver at least, although things certainly did not end happily for Nancy, and unless you think a life in the Streets being a pick-pocket is fun, it was not necessarily a good end to Fagin or the Dodger, although I would not rate this as a family movie, although I do not think that showing it to children over seven or eight years will cause I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this in some way, perhaps a revisionist revision, where people on the streets of Compton break up I would like to see a hip-hop version of "Oliver!" I always thought Dickens would translate well in those respects.As it stands, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the s great musicals of the film and perhaps the strangest movie I have ever seen in life.
