Major cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year period can be correctly labeled as the "Golden Age" of the genre. There were musicals before that, and there have been musicals since ... but the real classics seem invariably made during this period. Sing in the Rain, an American in Paris, Band Wagon, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, King and I, and many more, are both so much esteemed products of age. Perhaps the last major musical of the "Golden Age" was Carol Reed's "Oliver" in 1968. Freely adapted from Dickens's novel, this vibrant musical is a cinematic version of a successful theater production. It's a magnificent movie, winner of six Oscars, including the Best Picture Award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a miserable existence in an asylum, his mother died after giving birth to him. After an incident in an hour of the meal, he is expelled from the house of work and ends up employed in a funeral home. But Oliver does not fit particularly well in his new job and flees after a few troubled days. He makes the long trip to London, where he hopes to seek his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a children's wallet killer named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly thug in charge of a gang of child thieves. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family." He also makes the acquaintance of Nancy (Shani Wallis), girlfriend of the cruelest and most feared thief of them all, the menacing Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestry and discovers that he is, in fact, rich and rich. But his chances of reuniting with his royal family are compromised when Bill Sikes exploits Oliver, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious assaults. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliantly-mounted film, consistently pleasing to the eye and excellent acting from his talented cast. Moody recreates his role on stage with considerable verve, stealing the film from youngsters with his energetic performance as Fagin. Lester and Wild also get along with the young scouts of wallet, while Wallis enthusiastically develops the role of Nancy and Reed generates despicable genuine as Sikes. The musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and sense of spectacle - Onna White's Oscar-winning choreography helps make the music and dance set so memorable, but the lively artists and skilful direction of Carol Reed also play their part. The unforgettable songs include "Food Glorious Food," "Consider It," "You Have to Pick a Pocket or Two," "I Would Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all immensely catchy songs, very well together sequences. The film is a completely entertaining experience and never loses its momentum throughout its duration of 153 minutes. Sit down and have fun!
