OLIVER TWIST should have controversies and successes after Dickens's publication in 1837. His image of life in the urban ghettos was something shocking and new, and making the central figures of the novel the criminals was another innovation. /> <br /> One day he was walking in London and passed by a young man he had been friends with. He said hello, but she was quite rigid with him. He could not understand it. A few days later they met again, and he asked what he had done to annoy her. "Well, if you must know, I did not like your last novel," she said. "Really, everyone thinks a lot about it." He was confused: "What's wrong with that?" "Oh, Charles," she said, "I am a Jew. How can you invent a character like Fagin?" He did not expect this: "Well ... you know this trial last year of Ikey Solomon, the robber trainer. He is a role model for Fagin and he was Jewish." <br /> <br /> Dickens discovered that this did not solve things. "Yes," she replied, "he got what he deserved." But Charles, they did not call him "Solomon the Jew," as you call Fagin a "Jew!" Moreover, Solomon did not plan a murder. Oliver Twist was published in several editions, Dickens tried to improve Fagin a little, so he had an idea. he rephrased the chapter called "Fagin's Last Night Alive," showing the man's fears as he faced hanging.He also added some additional details. <br /> <br /> He let his friend know about his decision to change Fagin. "I do not know what to do," he said, "but I do not know what to do. the Jew! "She replied," Yes, I kept those, but you did not see how scared and was in the prison cell of death. "The girl had noticed this, but she felt he was so vile that he deserved to be suffering such fears. "Ah ... so I was right about that ... and you saw the little details I added?" He asked. "What details?" She replied. "When you see Fagin for the first time now he's cooking dinner ... did you read that?", Dickens looked at her waiting for a sign of recognition. Instead, the girl looked confused. "I read that he was in the fireplace, but I must have skimmed the passage." Dickens smiled brightly, "He's cooking a pork sausage for dinner." "A what!" She exclaimed. "He's eating pork, my dear ... look - he's not a good Jew!" His friend looked at him, shook his head, and to his astonishment left his friend's house. She has not spoken to him for years. Dickens never quite got rid of his own fanaticism, but the situation led to a partial attempt to fix his latest novel. In OUR MUTY FRIEND (1865), he has a minor character, Mr. Riah, who is used by an unscrupulous landlord to collect high rents from poor tenants. The landlord thinks Mr Riah will be guilty because he is Jewish. <br /> <br /> But Mr. Riah is a good man. He is a very good man. He is a very, very, very, very good man - so good as to be unbelievable. If Fagin saw Mr. Riah in action, he would probably kick him out with a piece of wood. <br /> <br /> Fagin's anti-Semitic image remains to this day. It is a measure of Dickens' genius as a writer that romance overcomes him. However, in presenting the story on film, it still causes trouble for screenwriters and directors: how, after the Holocaust, can anyone make a cinematic treatment of a worthy novel without inflaming fanaticism? David Lean showed how Alec Guiness appeared in one or two scenes showing a human side and confronting a crowd at the end with true dignity. Sir Carol Reed, in his musical version of the novel, improved further due to a rewrite in the script of the original musical. <br /> <br /> OLIVER was transformed into a West End musical success in the mid-1960s, and then taken to Broadway where it was again a success. With a wonderful score by Lionel Bart, including "Food Glorious Food," "I'm reviewing the situation," "Consider yourself," "Boy For Sale," "Who's going to buy," "as long as he needs me," the success. Reed did well in his cast of roles, including his nephew Oliver Reed as Sykes, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wild as the Dodger, Shani Wallis as Nancy, and Harry Secombe as Mr. Bumble. There were no major musical successes in Hollywood for a decade - the last musical to win the Best Picture Oscar was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won in 1968. And Fagin - how to deal with the everlasting problem of caricature? Well in the musical Fagin is not captured, tried and executed for the murder that is committed. After all, even Lean showed that Fagin tried to control his confederate in his actions. But here Fagin realizes that he is getting too old to depend on this kind of risky life. Although he loses his treasures (those stolen items he held because he knew their value and admired their beauty), he decides he can reform. He is authorized to do so, accompanied by his faithful acolyte, the Artful Dodger. I do not think Dickens would have appreciated the change (his friend may have), but a modern public certainly accepts this as appropriate.
