Almost done right ... "John Carpenter Vampires" was fun, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment with a budget small enough not to be overrun by special effects. And obviously targeting the "From Dusk Till Dawn" -audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same beginning with a rock star Jon Bon Jovi playing one of the main characters, but does so almost well ...: I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other film, so I'm not able to compare his performance in "Vampires: Los Muertos" to his other roles, but I was really surprised at his good performance. After the film began, he convinced me not to expect him to pick up any guitar and play "It's my life" or something, but kill the vampires mercilessly and do a job that needs to be done. That means a lot, because part of the audience (and me) was probably thinking, "... just because he's a rock star ...". Of course Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been a lot worse and, in my opinion, Bon Jovi performed very well. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the murderous leather-clad machine of a vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or similarly in Ghosts of Mars). Jover plays the very seductive and very sexy vampire, moving as agile as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in a very erotic cloth, almost transparent and light. And even the optical effects that sustain your type of movement are very well done. It really takes a little beating. But the director is in some parts of the film just avoiding turning the action-horror movie into a horrible movie like "Nosferatu" by Murnau. You can almost see the director's temptation to create a movie with a VERY personal and different note from the original. This is the real strength of the movie and at the same time its weakest point: the audience celebrating the bloody bath of the first film is probably expecting a pure bloodbath for the second time and may be a bit disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun bloodbath, but it's not all the time that kind of movie. Just think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene where the vampire tries to seduce Zoey into the ruins: the carnage at the bar is what you expect from the American popcorn entertainment, the seductive scene-Zoey-in-the-ruins It's almost like a European filmmaker (the film is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but refuses to respond at the same time.Why would it slow down the action?) showed a vampire with a human past, a creature now suffering and not just a beast that is killing someone). And that's the point for me that decides whether the movie is accepted by the audience of the original movie or not. Also: Will the "From Dusk Till Dawn" audience really like this? I'm not sure about that. However, Tommy Lee Wallace did a great job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think directing a sequel to a popcorn movie that Wallace is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. How he is preventing himself from developing his talent in order to meet the expectations of the public. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life and maybe it's sometimes sucking it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost done well. (I give it 7 out of 10)
