In Frank Sinatra's first three films, he was purely an act of specialty: ostensibly interpreting himself, he simply appears to sing a song during a nightclub sequence in someone else's movie. In his fourth film, the very yummy 'Higher and Higher', Young Blue Eyes transitions to an acting career by playing a real role ... a daunting task because he is performing in a fictional story that gives him a chance to sing few numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is quite funny. Michele Morgan hears a knock on the door and asks who's there. Outside, a Hoboken-toned voice responds "Frank Sinatra." Certainly ... <br /> <br /> Early credits for 'Higher and Higher' may confuse some viewers, as the names of composers Rodgers and Hart are featured prominently. In fact, they contributed only one song to this musical: 'Disgustingly Rich', which this cast managed to launch as a kind of introduction to a completely different song, 'I'm a Debutante'. It is interesting to note that Rodgers & Hart's music - one of the weaker ones - is perhaps the least entertaining song in the film; several others are dynamic numbers, notably "It's a very important subject", "When it comes to love, you're on your own" and "I've seen you first". <br /> <br /> Sinatra's good in this movie, but he would do better work (and sings better material) elsewhere. The true merits of "Superior and Superior" are the delightful twists of some artists who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular dance team between husband and wife who starred in several Broadway magazines: genuinely graceful ballroom dancers, they put a lot of physical comedy into their dance material. Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, hardly worked at the movies, so it's a real pleasure that this film gives us a rare chance to see . her close-up, to hear her beautiful voice and realize how sexy she gets in the maid's uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as an actor, occasionally dancing alone. (Or next to Ken Berry in a memorable episode of Mayberry RFD.) Also quite attractive in a maid outfit here in "Higher and Higher" is the lively teenage singer Marcy McGuire. Why did not this talented girl make more movies? Maybe she was a bit too personality-like for Betty Hutton. I like Hutton's performances, but I like Marcy McGuire even better. Near the end of 'Higher and Higher', there is a bit of physical business featuring McGuire and Mary Wickes as waitresses, alternating from table to table in a nightclub. The alternate steps of short McGuire and tall and awkward Wickes are hilarious! Regrettably, although Leon Errol plays a major role in "Higher and Higher," he receives almost no comedy business: he does not once do his famous stick-legged dance. Jack Haley, despite his prominent billing, is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, inevitably remembered as Sam of 'Casablanca'. In that film, Wilson made his own singing, but pretended his performance on the keyboard of 'As Time Goes By'. (In real life, Wilson did not know how to play the piano.) Here in Higher and Higher, he sings nicely and gives some fun reactions to other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare movie performance here, manipulating his dialogue skillfully but never doing anything of the keyboard comedy that he later did successfully in his shows. <br /> <br /> The plot? Forget. 'Higher and Higher' is not the idea of ​​a 'big' musical, but it's a nice delight, and I rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked both in Britain and Hollywood, deserves much better .
