I imagine Victorian literature sinking slowly in the mud of the past farther apart, pulled by the weight of her skirts. Along comes television: at its best, it has a redeeming power, and with dramatizations like the BBC produces so well, Victorian literature gains a new facet in life. Religious themes, moral tones, can be increasingly uncomfortable in a world that is no longer easily shocked and familiar with cohabitation, affairs, and domestic violence. But these ancient, well-told stories have enduring power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to evaluate today how Ann Bronte's masterpiece, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall, is blunt, feminist, and extraordinary. "emerged from the primitive mud of restrictive corporeal, mental, societal corsets, her heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escapes from an unhappy marriage, escapes from brutality and alcoholism, faces not only the fury of her violent husband, but also the intolerance of the society and the malicious gossip, to provoke a change in his life.It pays a price, but it maintains its self respect, it falls in love with the way, it appears mistreated, but victorious and strong. Tara Fitzgerald dwells in all aspects of her life, and her love life is beautifully treated, with true passion and feeling for well-matched actors. of the complicated heroine, and, as has been said by other critics, a face not so definite and beautiful could survive that petrifying hairstyle Toby Stephens, striking sparks, contributes only the right combination of j a stubborn and beautiful uventude and a passionate and anxious vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors of all time) has fun as the charismatic villain (so much so that you are almost with him in the end. The supportive cast cleverly creates a world in which you sink without feeling that rough commitments were made for modern tastes, and without being felt as a preacher. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: this is how romantic literature should be dramatized.
