"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly please many fans of the genre simply because it is so simple and unscrupulous! It has many genuine shock moments, many repulsive blood strings and a rare claustrophobic tension. What you do not have is logic and a solid plot, but to tell you the truth, that does not bother me for a second. As the final credits begin to roll, there are still many unanswered questions to think about, but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) prefers to focus entirely on strained and adrenaline-fueled actions rather than lengthy speeches and theories which could explain the existence of creep in the London subway. The story revolves around young and arrogant Kate, who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in town to present his new film. She falls asleep on the subway, loses the last train and is trapped in the subway network. Things really get terrifying when she meets a lunatic lunatic who lives in the old tunnels and kills / abducts people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewage workers can not rescue you from this voracious monster! I really dug the creep character! It is nauseating, smelly and primitive, but in a strange and fascinating way. Christopher Smith only leaves us clues and tips, and it is only for the viewer to guess the origin and background of this vile creature. I think this is not very original, and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and think it's better that way than going over the top completely, style "Jeepers Creepers" (this movie in particular also started well, but as soon as the Creeper's identity became clear, it turned into a very mediocre effort of terror). The obvious aspect to loving is the outrageous gore! There are some serious massacres in this movie and the makeup, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. The sinister scenery of London's abandoned subway overnight is effectively used. There are also some acting talents present in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to graphic horror almost five years after the German film "Anatomie." Creep is great when you're in a fussy mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director that I'll keep an eye on. Make sure you do not have to take the subway after watching this movie ...
