Emory is a steel worker from Cincinatti as his father before him and for most of the 20th century the twin pillars of his family's existence were the steel mill and the union. The mill, which used to employ 45,000 people, reduced its numbers to 5,000 recently and now 1, when the mill simply closed its doors, leaving a single security guard. At first, Emory and his newly unemployed friends enjoy their independence, strolling around town and partying in their favorite bar, where they make "accusations of depth" with a reckless abandon. They think the factory will reopen after hearing the optimistic speech from their union representative, but reality begins to sink when they find themselves selling their personal vehicles in a struggle to put food on the table and prevent the closure of their homes. Emory's father - a dedicated trade unionist - is certain the factory will be reopened and will remind his son of all short-term closures during his own 35 years at the plant. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed men do demeaning jobs to get the job done or get into their trucks and go on a desperate job search. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union admits its impotence, as Emory explains to his stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will never open again. Emory with tears asks "What did I do wrong?" as a life of hard work and devotion to work, union, church and family left you with nothing and nowhere to turn. He hits the bottom of the pit when in a drunken rage he maneuvers his young sons and beats his wife to the ground. Thrown out of his own house and with the factory manager's comments that he and his men have not worked hard enough to justify their substantial paychecks, Emory recruits the remaining steelmakers in the city to do something that demonstrates to everyone what they are. able to. Early in the morning they enter the mill, set the furnaces on fire, and work harder than ever before, producing in one shift enough high-quality steel tubes to fill the loading docks from wall to wall, from top to bottom - something the factory manager he found it impossible. Arriving at the suddenly reopened mill, the dumbfounded manager looks around at the tremendous production that came from working a single day, realizing that such a production could make the mill profitable again. The manager asks Emory, "Can you do this every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks, "So what were you trying to prove?" Emory explains that decades of hard work, honesty and devotion to the jobs of the workers had meant and this showing how much they could produce in one day "We just spit in their eyes." Emory bids farewell with tears of his wife and children as he goes out with his friends to look for work in the south, promising to relocate the family when he finds her. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the suffering of American workers displaced by foreign competition and gives a realistic view of the costs they bear for the lack of vision of the demanding syndicates and greedy plant owners who they extracted every penny they could from their factories, but they never brought them back. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's friendly wife and John Doucette as his dying father all perform well in this beautiful image.
