Oh, McBain? The character's name is immortalized and eternally ridiculed by "The Simpsons", but also always? for me personally, at least ?? remains the name and title of an action film from the early 1990s that was tremendously entertaining and outrageously violent; directed by the cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and starring two of B's ​​toughest heroes, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute male ponytail). I think "McBain" will have to be labeled as guilty pleasure because there is no way to convince anyone that this is an intellectual movie. The film is absurdly absurd (most action heroes take on a small gang of gangsters - McBain takes over a whole country) and still takes himself too seriously. The script is an uninterrupted and incoherent spitfire of clichéd situations, meaningless twists, compulsory sentimental interludes, grotesquely staged action sequences, and totally implausible character designs. It's a totally delirious movie; I loved. <br /> <br /> The life of Vietnam POW McBain is saved by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them keeps a half-dollar bill as a symbol that McBain is indebted to Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is a witty rebel leading the revolution against his country's corrupt president, Columbia. Santos's initial attempt to seize power fails and he runs publicly on the balcony of The President. His sister travels to New York on the dollar bill and turns to McBain for financial assistance and labor. McBain and his former friends from Vietnam, who coincidentally are tired of the injustice in this world, charter themselves a miserable plane and fly to Columbia to open a gigantic butt can. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not fool each other here. The fact that you're reading a user comment about "McBain" already indicates that you have some kind of low-budget B-movie action interest. One of my fellow reviewers spent a lot of time composing a list containing all of McBain's insensitive moments and insensitive moments. This list is totally accurate and I can only agree with it. Heck, I could even add some of the most insane sequences to that list (like the unreasonable and unnecessary heroic self-sacrifice of a soldier who does not even have an affinity for the purpose of the mission and the rest of McBain's team), but what is the point? You definitely should not expect a 100% coherent and plausible masterpiece. We know beforehand that this will be a silly and outrageously extravagant movie, and maybe that's the exact reason we want to take a look! This is a terribly outrageous and thrilling movie about a bunch of former Vietnam friends turning into mercenaries and declaring war on the corrupt Colombian president and the national drug cartel. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular movie is based on the ruff 'n tuff performances of the macho leaders, a lot of explosions and shootings and ?? Last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
