First, an explanation: Despite my headline, I'm giving this movie only 8 stars, because overall this is not one of the best movies ever made. All reviews recorded here have valid points. Also, be advised that in order to appreciate the script, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's brilliance in finding wit in real human jokes. He has a typically New York ear for dialogue-especially dry, Jewish, and love-filled sarcasm-and if you find it difficult to accept sarcasm as an expression of love then you may find it hard to accept optimism at the heart of this film . <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here's my main point: Walter Matthau is perfect, even perfect, in this movie. I've never seen him more funny, or more poignant on this subject - because at the same time he shows us the hilarity of this character who refuses to give up his self-image of the Big Star or unbearable attitudes even when his consistency is in decline . , it also shows us the most vulnerable person, perhaps even with the heart moved inside the grouch. And he barely shows us that sad part - it's just enough to really get to you if you're dealing with the mental decline of your own father or husband now (I mentioned this as a warning), but artistically, it's just enough pathos to give this character the most authentically deep roots I see in any movie performance. This is beyond Method's performance - Matthau's performance is exquisite as a character's work and a pure pleasure as a comic book delivery. This is a masterpiece of comedic acting. About Richard Benjamin: I personally find his acting annoying in general, and his work in this film is no exception - although he has some good times here. ("Chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) So if you like him, you should like him here, and if you do not do that movie you will not change your mind. <br /> About the 1976 Oscar ... I agree that Matthau had the misfortune to face Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest" that year. It was a decisive year for the competition of major actors; if at least there was separate Oscar for comedy and drama, then I think the Best Actor Oscar would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not to do Jack's good work like McMurphy. , but I think Pacino and Matthau were each CLEARLY more magisterial and incredibly effective and frankly legendary in their performances than Nicholson that year. Plus, I think Burns won the Oscar for Supporting Actor more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I mean, he was good in that movie, but not so good. (Burns is fine as ever but in himself the return to the show biz won Brad Dourif's brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention Chris Sarandon's stunning debut in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I think proves my theory.) <br /> <br /> Oscar theories are on the side, here's my review: if you like Matthau's comedic acting, watch this movie and savor its powerful spinning and wonderful gestures inspired by grandmother, fleeting expressions facials and apparently not scripted apart. . (But if you are currently dealing with the pain of seeing an elderly person lose control, then be warned that this movie may be the comic relief you need or a dose of reality too painful to watch now.)
