This movie was poorly received and poorly reviewed. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after World War I, when shell shock and trauma-induced amnesia were not cliches, as reviewers call it many books and movies later. It is difficult to go back in time and live, as the characters lived, the realities of the time: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war to use lethal gas, the British class system the wife considered important, the hopeless spinster, and the lover of the past still seen with the eyes of love being as young and as beautiful as she was 20 years ago. Alan Bates as the amnesiac soldier who will "die" if he can not see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, is based on the devotion his character demonstrated in "Away from the Madding Crowd." Having seen this performance, it is possible to feel its strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not live up to the expectations of family and society. Margaret says, "We fought and as you paddled, you turned away from me." So we know that the breakup was something he instigated, which caused him shame, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in those I've seen, he conveys a strong masculinity, which shines even in that role of a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I did not even recognize Ann-Margaret at first and feel that her performance was underestimated. Not having read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of acting on an incestuous feeling between Jenny and Chris, though Jenny claims that she is "a cousin." The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the nursery at the drying scene of the hair, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in that room seems more of a way for Kitty to keep the embers from raging hot than the orientation of the room to the sun . or the feeling about a lost child, and the statement she made that she wished Chris did not feel the need to preserve the room exactly as when the child was alive made her seem indifferent to the child's memory. In addition, Jenny is shown as living at home in a subservient role, as high society would have done with a decadent member at the time. <br /> <br /> Having recently been the recipient of the intense fantasy of a lover (non-sexual keeping up with the customs of the time) 50 years ago, I could relate to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. I was also put aside because it was not good enough for his family, and after his rediscovery from me on the internet, I was overwhelmed with helping him cope with his still horrifying experiences in Vietnam and a marriage with a woman above his class whom he did not believe he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very understanding, but the tension was very real. The lover was finally able to reconcile his real-life situation with his fantasy of loving only me. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little of the revival of the war experience that was going on. in Chris's mind. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the WWI soldier, who acts with very violent memories and commits suicide against the joy of Chris in his fantasy of Margaret. In contrast, the soldier's action on "Mrs. Dalloway" seems exaggerated. Showing that the psychiatrist understood very little of what was happening to Chris points out that big problem the whole group faced. Everyone seems to have their life back, but was it the right choice?
