I just saw this 1982 movie, Return of the Soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. He is a quarantine captain, shocked and shocked, who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to British soil but remains in a hospital in London. He lost his memory and is a young boy again, with a lingering yen for the low-class girlfriend he chased 25 years before. It's a delicate story. He is lingering in his childhood while the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearable and aspiring socialite who wants him to take his place in society. Living with them is their cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry, the soldier, when they were growing up as playmates, but established herself as a spinster. The low-class woman, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. She is the one who is notified that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife, Kitty, is shocked when Mrs. Gray arrives to tell him that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why, she wonders, did this other woman send a telegram about Chris and not about her? Chris totally forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. The now married Margaret is reluctant to meet him, but then does and continues to meet him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he "heals" him. Jenny realizes how Kitty is empty for Chris and forms a secret love alliance through Margaret. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help. At the end of the movie, Kitty reveals that she and Chris had a boy who died five years ago. Tell Chris that, the psychiatrist weighs, will certainly restore him to "normal". But is this a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty were married, are unaware of his son and the child's death. The psychiatrist, just learning from the child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris just for them, because Kitty believes he is faking it and refuses to accept Chris's illness by returning to his youth in his forties. The film leaves it mostly because of considerations about what should be done with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the child's perfectly maintained bedroom - with Kitty also in the novel, but not in the script - discuss what they believe should be done about Chris from their separate perspectives. Margaret is the critic here because, despite being married, she has fallen in love with Chris again. Jenny's social stature, Jenny believes, will be threatened if Chris does not get it right. She does not reveal this to Margaret, though. Margaret decides, looking to the future, that Chris can not maintain his fantasy over time, but must return to something like a real life. As Kitty and Jenny look out the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris outside and tells him about her lost son. The head of the floating war victim sinks, his shoulders fall, he looks away. He walks disheartened toward the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I have read some criticisms of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The movie is never clear about who Jenny is, her cousin or her sister. It would be more exciting if she were his sister, of course. The criticism also does not make it clear. I'm sure West in her novel ensures that Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is neither Henry Miller nor Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about his relationship with the father as an adult to take revenge on him for having molested her as a child) I considered reading, but then I decided against it. Rebecca the author has the need to restore Chris as well. She also has outposts in her head for the Society that her novel criticizes first, but finally embraces yet again.
