"The store just around the corner (1940)" is a nice romantic comedy, not the kind that will be useful to me until the end of my days, but nonetheless, a movie that deserves its reputation. By 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had long since taken Hollywood out of assault, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" had become a fiery trademark. This film was planned for a release in 1939, but scheduling conflicts meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing any of its top stars, Lubitsch decided to delay production while directing Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka (1939)". When it was finally finalized, "The Shop Around the Corner" seems to have been received with relative indifference, receiving zero Oscar nominations, despite an excellent script by Samson Raphaelson and excellent performances by his two protagonists and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time, however, betrayed the film's massive, enduring influence with high-profile remakes, including "In the Good Old Summertime (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)." <br /> <br /> On its surface, one might suppose that "The Shop Around the Corner" is simply the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other unknowingly. However, the Lubitsch film is much deeper than that. It is the story of the Matuschek and Company, an elegant gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the store a family so united. When shop owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect that his older employee has an affair with his wife, we witness the collapse of two families, both at home and at work. Is there absolutely no reason why history should not have been defined in the United States? maybe in the stormy streets of New York? but Lubitsch was deliberately recreating the passions and memories of his earlier years in Europe, the uniqueness of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every door. Does this subtle subtext bring a personal, more meaningful touch to the film? in fact, even as I write this review, I'm beginning to appreciate the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are charming in their respective roles, but I think it's the supporting cast that really makes the film. Each character brings a distinct personality to the mix and their interactions are always believable and enjoyable. I especially liked how Lubitsch consciously directed much of our sympathy toward Hugo Matuschek, who in any other film would have been restricted to a two-dimensional and underdeveloped portrait. Matuschek may have lost the love of his family, but he gathers him in the affection of his servants, and you feel a comforting glow when, in the cold of a snowstorm on Christmas night, he finds company in a young, mackerel boy (Charles Smith). This genuine warmth towards a supporting character seems to me similar to Billy Wilder's later creations, for example Boom Boom Jackson in The Fortune Cookie (1966) or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). Of course, this does not really need to be said, but Billy Wilder has learned from the best.
