THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is one of the sweetest and funniest romantic comedies of all time. There is no avoiding this, and it is difficult to put the sensations of this film into words. It's not one of those movies that tries too hard, nor does it come up with the weirdest possible scenarios to bring the two protagonists together in the end. In fact, all his charm is innate, contained in the characters and the scenario and the plot ... which is highly believable. It is easy to think that such a love story, as beautiful as any that has ever been told, * could * happen to you ... a feeling you do not usually receive from other romantic comedies, however sweet and touching they may be . Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the most auspicious of the first encounters when she arrives at the store (Matuschek & Co.) that he has worked in the past nine years, asking job. They are shocked from the start, especially about a box of cigarettes that plays music when it's opened - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; she makes a big sale and is hired. Their fight takes them to the next six months, even when both (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other as they share their souls and minds in letters passed by PO Box 237. This would be a fine plot to base an entire movie, except that THE SHOP THEROOP THE CORNER is deftly perfected with a brilliant supporting cast of all-encompassing characters, from the paternal but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan), who discovers that his store really is his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), companion and friend of Kralik, who always leaves the room when he is faced with the possibility of asking his honest opinion; Vasa (Joseph Schildkraut), who finally receives his punishment from a gloriously righteous Kralik; and ambitious scout boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy), who wants nothing more than to be promoted to the post of secretary of Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between "Dear Friends" is played at this little shop in Budapest, Hungary, in which Kralik's unceremonious dismissal and subsequent promotion to the store manager helps the two future pigeons to accompany him. It's cool that everyone has a story in this movie; the supporting characters are well developed, and Matuschek's journey into life is almost as touching as that of Alfred and Clara. His invitation to the new boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for his Christmas Eve dinner, made in the beautiful snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the public happy not to be alone; we even care about the characters whose love story is not of this movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to the love story, I must say that James Stewart is truly one of the best things about this movie. He does not play Jimmy Stewart's full-fledged character in this movie (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes To Washington' for it); in fact, Alfred Kralik is prickly and abrupt and not particularly gentle. He's actually a rough man, in fact, with a little hint (even, perhaps, to the end) of Stewart's youthful charm would soon become apparent. When he discovers before Clara that they have reciprocated in secret, in fact, Kralik has not "confessed" - he hopes to see how far he can carry the riddle, especially since he realizes quickly (given his stormy relationship). with Clara as chief and subaltern) that loving the person he knows through the cards exchanged may not be the same as loving one's own person. Her description of Clara's fictional character Matthias Popkin (what a name!) That would become her fiancé is hilarious to the extreme, but also her way of proving that the letters do not reveal everything that exists for a man, just as she does not reveal everything there is to it. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face perfectly controlled whenever Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as she usually does, even (and especially) on his face. And yet it is believed, beneath the brusqueness and professionalism, that he could reveal his identity with as much fervor and sincerity as pure hope, as he eventually does. <br /> <br /> Special mention should be given to the other cast members as well. Margaret Sullavan does far less in the first half of the film, but she really comes into the scene on the closing scene on Christmas Eve, when she's almost heartbroken again by Alfred's more vivid description of his mailbox girlfriend. Frank Morgan turns into a great performance as the jealous Hugo Matuschek led to nervous breakdown, the man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to "grow old with him." And Felix Bressart plays the role of the meek but loyal Pirovitch wonderfully (a regular Lubitsch, since he appears as a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - of particular importance is the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfred to obtain the Christmas gift last * really * wants ... a wallet instead of that ridiculous cigarette box that Clara is so stuck. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch really takes pride in this film - for example, it is worth the splendid and meticulous care given to detail in the creation of the Matuschek shop, up to the Hungarian names. at the door, the goods and the cash register and so on. But even if Lubitsch chose history in Hungary, the scenario is truly universal: it can happen anywhere; this could happen to you. Here lies the charm of this simple story, these believable characters who really are people. The snow on Christmas Eve is real too, or at least as real as Lubitsch could do (he had snow machines brought at great expense). It is this desire to make everything seem as real as possible that will help make the story even more believable, which gives the whole film a dreamy realism that can not be reproduced. (No, not even in a remake like YOU'VE GO MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This is really the Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people are missing out on when they say it's a WONDERFUL LIFE. Not to diminish the merits of that other film, but there would be no harm, and indeed very good, done in watching the SHOP AROUND THE CORNER this Christmas instead. It's sweet, funny, charming and Stewart is flawless in her role. We should all be as lucky as having the novel portrayed in this film; The best thing about this movie is that we move away from it, feeling that we could possibly.
