That's full of big spoilers, so beware. "Prix de Beaute" always suffers compared to the two Louise Brooks films made with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl," But in a way " Prix ​​"is the movie Brooks par excellence. Here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of her collaboration with Pabst. What "Prix" has that the Pabst films is not music. In this first French film, the whole mystique of Louise Brooks is developed with a conjunction of image, music and music. The Charleston is what seems most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress appears more strongly in the tango. Tango also touches a spot on "Prix," the song she danced in her short rise to stardom after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she abandoned her fame in favor of a worldly existence as the wife of jealous husband Andre, the yearning for her renunciation of fame becomes apparent when the same tango record is seen on the turntables of her apartment. So appropriate is Brooks' tango that is used to accompany the documentary about his life, "Looking for Lulu," a film narrated by Shirley Maclaine. The brazen and blunt quality of tango symbolizes Louise Brooks' upright, elegant, and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds an immense amount of emotion to what is not a great movie (but very good). By the way, Brooks's voice was not dubbed by Edith Piaf's movie, as some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. The song, however, is what Brooks's character, Lucienne, sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to cheer him up and express his deep affection for him. And in the climax is the song she sings for her screen test, which she sees with producers and managers who intend to shape her career. He remains on the screen after her husband Andre, who followed her into the projection room, shoots and kills her. In a single shot, with Lucinenne's body resting at the bottom of the screen, while her screen test continues up with the song she sang to Andre, the essence of which films make these other art forms is not perfectly characterized. While Andre watches his wife, now dead, sing to him on the screen, the murder gun still smoking, he subtly smiles. She is now his forever and, by association, ours. Coincidentally, Louise Brooks' real-life career collapsed and burned after "Prix de Beaute," then it was also the death of her latest stardom album. This film really seals Brooks's mystique more than the Pabst movies (which are top films, no doubt). He also points out what it is about the movies that create the whole idea of ​​movie "cult" - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than when they were alive.
