A story of obsessive love taken to its limits and a beautiful swan whose beauty is the very passage to its own premature end. Placed at the beginning of the talkies, BEAUTE PRIX walks back and forth to be a silent film - still in the heart - and flirt with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit annoying to anyone entering this movie because the recorded audio is extremely small and does not help at all. Listening to a stage talk about the initial sequence that takes place on a beach, for example, is as part of the film as the actress who adopts the dialogue of Louise Brooks and, in so doing, steals the audience from a good presentation. Other than that, the film rolls more or less well, with little leaps in continuity here and there - something quite common in movies of that time - and that accelerated wave seems typical of the silences. In a way, this is a film experiment, and closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style in visual presentations and almost intimate closes that elevate him from what would be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks here plays a character less touchy than she was known: she is a stenographer who in a lark decides to enter a beauty contest, despite the furious opposition of her extremely stifling boyfriend. His role is quite thirty and contemporary for his time; the last roles of the flapper / Jazz Baby were being shown on the screen and now, with the onset of female independence, women as professionals were being represented in the movies. The character of Brooks decides to leave the boyfriend (even if she "reconciles" with him later) is also a little ahead of his time. However, the fatal flaw of her character is her willingness to believe in what is not there - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and that is what leads to her end in the movies. This final sequence looks like something out of Hitchcock's high suspense (seen in THE MAN WHO KNOWS TOO MUCH) and cuts from Brooks, his screen image and his murderous boyfriend. Even more dramatic is the placement of the still-living "Brooks" live with the now dead - a scary effect for a chilling and powerful movie.
