We've seen the silent version of this movie, and it's just unbelievably beautiful. It is very difficult to see how a sound version could have been created, since it is filmed with silent technique, long wordless sweeps of a single interliterate - except for some disconcerting sequences in which Louise Brooks, who plays a French typist, is quite noticeably speaking in English ... The only section that obviously cries out for the sound is the final scene, where Brooks is watching the tests for his test "for a sound film": filming that constantly plays in the background as the action unfolds, with the mouth moving in ceaseless silent song. I was not surprised to learn after this passage alone in the talkie was hailed as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of their opening scenes and in the inevitability of the fairy tale that follows, the film resembles a dream. As a "Louise Brooks movie," it was not exactly what I expected from either her Hollywood comedies or the German melodramas of GWPabst: I found the language more fluent and enjoyable than any other, and Brooks herself is a different creature . laughing at a young animal instead of a showcase vampire or manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this film a greater depth than it seems at first glance is the unexpected second half; repelled by the rich parasites gathered around her beauty, the poor princess returns to a tear-stained meeting with her true love humbly born ... and the tale might well have ended there. Fairy tale, however, turns into tragedy. The dilettante Grabovsky, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he desires, is, however, too correct in his interested prediction-the young lovers can not make the other happy-and Andrew, ironically, was right to distrust social influence. of beauty contests: after the intoxication of the glory of her moment, Lucienne rages to despair with the monotonous routine of conjugal life, while her husband, in turn, is driven to madness by any reminder of any case. If it were a simple case of a wrong marriage, that would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of the "Sunrise" of Murnau. But if so, the scenes of the amusement park and the photographer here would form a distorted image of the joyful reconciliation in "Sunrise"; no dream but an alienating nightmare. And the next dawn brings not a miraculous gathering, but an empty bed and a deserted house. Leaving a letter to say that he loves him and will always love him, Lucienne disappears again from André's life in search of brightness and freedom; and this time she will never return. The columns of gossip confirm all of Andre's worst convictions when he discovers the whereabouts of his wife by reports associating his name with Grabovsky. When the young laborer finally enters the sumptuous refuge of the projection room, it is with the weapon aimed - to be greeted by the sight of his rival courting and caressing a laughing Lucienne, the same woman who had promised him the immortal affection she left him. He kills her, but even when he kills he is paralyzed by the live image on the screen, Lucienne in all her transformed glory as he has never seen her. The two women are juxtaposed in an endless and powerful moment, when Andrew is seen, grasped, without resistance, and away: the dying girl and her singing self still projected above, captured without knowing the time in the eternity of celluloid, playing unconsciously of life or death or love beneath it ... The main dissonant element of the film is the character of André's co-worker, Antonin, who seems to have no role other than being the licensed target of his malice of contemporaries. He is the ugly one who never gets the girl, the clumsy one who is stumbled and tormented in the toilets and at work, and must accept everything with an insinuating and insecure smile in his unsuccessful hope of social acceptance: a typical product of society. intimidation of the most talented and popular, in other words, but one the public is apparently being invited to laugh along with their tormentors. Unless the intention is to expose a darker side to the protagonists (for whom I see no sign), the character seems to exist only as comic relief, but as comic relief with a distinctly unpleasant advantage. When we only know him as an inept Peeping Tom on the waterfront, it is easy to laugh, although the revenge of others seems a bit exaggerated; when we find out he is not a random stranger, but André's colleague and regular companion, continuous attacks quickly cease to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But it's the images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
