Louise Brooks gives a wonderful performance in this well-done French melodrama. She plays a typist named Lucienne who, despite being in love with a man named Andre, dreams of rising above her position in life. She sees opportunity in a beauty pageant for Miss Europe, but Andre becomes furious when he finds out she has entered and demands that she withdraw. She tries to resume her entry only to discover that she has already been chosen as Miss France and now goes to the main parade. <br /> <br /> This is a love story, loss and ultimate passionate decision. The film is very energetically filmed by director Augusto Genina and by the movie actors Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee. The film style is more like modern movies than the 1930s Hollywood movies, and shows the different style employed by Europeans. There are many quick cuts and shots traveling, mostly done with great skill and enthusiasm. The high energy of the first third of the film decreases slightly in the middle but increases again in the last 15 minutes. The performances were very good for all directors, but Louise Brooks's is especially memorable. . Louise relies heavily on her silent screen skills, although this is a talkie, but because her quiet style has a surprisingly contemporary and understated feel, she makes the transition to the talkies very well. The long, precocious fair scene was especially moving when Louise used her remarkably expressive eyes to convey her growing sense of misery and alienation, of being caught in a life she no longer wants. I doubt it has ever been done better. <br /> <br /> The film builds an excellent, artistically filmed, powerful and stylish ending. This is really one of the best things of the first few days of the movie. And the tragic storyline only underscores the greater tragedy that this is the final role of Louise Brooks. She was not just a great beauty who looked fantastic in a swimsuit, she really was a great acting talent who basically threw it all away. We are all the poorest because of this. <br /> <br /> This film is less known than its German films with G.W. Pabst, but I think it's better. I think this team is just better at telling stories than Pabst, and while Prix de Beaute may not have the deep moral complexity of Pabst's films, it's a lot easier to follow and it's generally a more streamlined and focused work . And it does not hurt that Louise's pieces are made by Edith Piaf as well. <br /> <br /> In short, this is a classic Louise Brooks movie worth seeking out.
