I'm very much a fan of Mitchell Leisen, so it was a great anticipation that I rented this movie, but the impression I got was extremely bad, so worn out and burnt that apparently has no fix, the film was so bleak. So dark that in certain scenes that are cinematographed in the dark, you can not see a single thing. That said, I believe I share the same opinion of the first review of this film. It starts out unusually and does not include the lines and rhythms of the typical Hollywood movie of the 1930s. Heck, not even your typical Hollywod movie of any era. It seems the director was influenced by the Europeans because there is a certain caustic realism in the process from the opening shot, which is as labored in camera movement and positioning as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray) meet. You kind of expect them to start singing "Make believe" on the Show Boat. It begins with a few laughs and poor Anthony in a role of a scene in which he speaks and not a word of English is slapped by Freddie. Skids is a hobo who does not care about being a hobo. That's why he joins the army, where he can hide from the world. He has just been released though and in a set of screenplay antics, she misses her boat to New York. It is when the film comes into action and we begin to take the French film of the sixties to the whole process. The scenes are so well played by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film gets a pulse. MacMurray is also good when he and Lombard fall in love with each other as she nurtures her talent for the trumpet. Then the tempter arrives in the form of Dorothy Lamour. No more plotting. The film has fantastic editing sequences that dazzled me. They are very good. And Lombardo marks a home run in this movie, but in the second half, a little more is called Freddie and he can not deliver the goods. With a heavily melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe in, the film is short but as it is not your typical movie in structure, stage design and direction. It is worth taking a look. For what was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. I do not know its exact degree though.
