The first time I came across this movie was when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that over the years I have watched many of his films and find his best work really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was to be one of your best. Although I was not bored, it did not impress me as much as HOLD BACK THE DAWN, DEATH HAS A HOLIDAY, KITTEN, OR GOLD EARS. I suspect it's too much now to be well appreciated. Working at Paramount Leisin had a problem in those films that he did that were musical. Most of the scores he worked with were fairly mediocre. It is true that twice the standards appeared in his films, but they were very rare cases: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT AS VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" left CAPTAIN CAREY, USA But the rest of MURDER AT As scores vanities was forgettable. "Mona Lisa" was the only song in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not have been like this - Leisin's studio had Rogers and Hart working for it in the early 1930s. Why could not he have been assigned to a project with them? The SWING HIGH score, SWING LOW, is pleasant, but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is focused on the entertainment world, as Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talents as a trumpet player (he even works Carole Lombard in his act, wrapping his arms around her when he blows the trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how his lover is touching her excites, is important to the plot. It works on the film, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> There is a picaresque style in the film - it starts on a transatlantic where Lombard works as a manicure. . She is constantly being bullied by her boss Franklin Pangborn (the ship's barber). Then the ship is entering the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, whose enlistment is ending soon. Their first scene together has a nice touch of Leisin: MacMurray is talking to Lombard, her on the deck of the boat and him on the edge of the lock wall. Good way to keep the action running while the dialogue reaches a monotonous tone. <br /> <br /> The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard, and he begins his reputation as a trumpeter. , but knows the "other woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film deal with the collapse of the relationship with Lombard, and his collapse as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and need for alcohol is very atypical for a MacMurray character - even his darkest characters like Walter Neff or Sheldrake or The Official naval officer who pushes Caine's riot has not shown confidence in alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good as the woman loved but wronged by MacMurray. <br /> <br /> Lamore has little to really do - possibly the movie had more scenes with it is in it but one of them stands out is his attempt to bring MacMurray to the wagon again.In his little, Pangborn is well.Not rarely noticed in the movies, the small actor Carl Judels is effective as a friend / fan of MacMurray drops him while he sinks (although he gives him a delivery). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is as trivial in this film as usual, but he has a moment when he seems timidly in his hands the keyboard of a In the rooms he, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard share - their red appearance is due to the embarrassment about a lie that MacMurray is insisting is true. It was a pleasant and subtle moment. If only his subtlety were in his acting, instead of his confused moods.
