The 100 half-hour black-and-white episodes from the initial sitcom "Mr. Peepers" were originally broadcast from 1952-55 on NBC. Like many baby boomers, this and "Ding Dong School" are my earliest television memories. As both worked later in the distribution, it's hard to say how many of those memories are actually tied to the original broadcasts. "Mr. Peepers" is worth checking more than your nostalgia value. It represents a very different style of situation comedy than shows like "The Honeymooners" and "I Love Lucy". The genre could have gone in two different directions in those days and ended up taking the noisy path of the two shows; which is probably because they still look contemporary. "Mr. Peepers", which was distinguished by its cleverly contained tone, may seem slow and tedious in comparison. But it's more a matter of adjusting to the different style. After entering the characters, he will win most of the smart viewers. The credit should be given to the producer of the show, Fred Coe, a key figure in early television whose dramatic anthologies also deserve to be heard ("Philco Television Playhouse", "Lights Out", "Playhouse 90", "Producers Showcase" Playwrights "56", "Fireside Theater", etc.) even in the kinescope. "Mr. Peepers" offered a much smoother style with Wally Cox (to be the voice of "Underdog" some years later) in the title role, Robinson Peepers, a high school science teacher.Your glasses were his trademark and a symbolic link to his name and role as a passive observer. <br /> <br /> The series provided to Cox an excellent supporting cast.Ton Randall played his best friend, history teacher Harvey Weskit.Warden Jack Warden played Frank Whip, the noisy gym teacher whose mild intimidation gave the show most of its elements of conflict. > <br /> There is a love interest competition involving seeing the school nurse, Nancy Remington (Patricia Benoit), with viewers quickly aligning with Mr. Peepers, who seems a much better combination for the gentle Nancy. His on-screen wedding near the end of the 1953-1954 season drew national attention, an early version of "Who Shot J.R.?" frenzy. <br /> <br /> So again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
