The ODD COUPLE, by Neil Simon, has set a model for many of his most recent plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the improperly paired roommates in the original, the first being picky and tidy, the last being sloppy and loose. Simon would rewrite (less successfully) the play in the 1990s as THE NEW ODD COUPLE, with female roommates. He made a mixed couple (a woman with her daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. He also gave an additional twist in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the elderly Vaudevillians, semi-retired. Here, the "apartment" problem is reduced to a group of two men who can not stand each other. The 1976 movie starred as Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns as Al. In fact, Al probably does not think badly about Willie - Willie is pathological about Al. First Al had little habits, like accidentally spitting a bit when he uttered words beginning with the letter "t," and poking Willie lightly with his index finger on the stage. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and has forced his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get jobs in commercials.) But Willie can not remember the lines unless they are funny, and he continues to throw them. stay until the end of a rehearsal for a commercial. <br /> <br /> Ben is invited to reunite the two for a live scene of his most famous drawing on a television show about American Comedy. Willie, and the sparks begin to fly, since neither can figure out what the other is doing (and that's just in the essay.) In addition, Willie is insisting on changes (smaller, but they get rid of Al) how to say Al is knocking on the door The initial rehearsal is a flop, but Ben manages to get them to the recording of the show.The question is whether they will complete the scene in the finished program or Willie will wring Al's neck <br /> <br /> The three protagonists, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, get on very well with one-liners, f Remembering vaudeville (example: "chest pains ... I have chest pains, Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and I have chest pains! "" Then come on Fridays! ") Benjamin struggles to prove his deep affection for his uncle, although the rough bark of Matthau makes this difficult (he only softens when he discusses glory Matthau has a slightly better understanding of reality (at first) than Burns, who seems but in fact Matthau's sense of rejection of the world that once applauded him makes him less willing to behave properly.burns is not senile-he takes things slowly, but he seems much happier in to accept their retirement. <br /> <br /> I call this a "Voyage of Discovery" finale for our modern Lewis and Clark. <br /> <br /> Ancient skits, who gradually come to realize that they have more in common in old age than they thought. Even the irascible Willie admits that Al may be (for him) a pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. Burns was not the original choice for the part of "Al Lewis" (his Dale da Team Smith and Dale). he probably would have done a good job, but health problems forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last involvement in any film was in The Solid Gold CADILLAC in 1956 as the narrator) performed so well that he received an Academy Award for best supporting actor and had a career in the movies in the next decade. in movies like OH GOD! OH GOD, YOU DEVIL; and going in style. He died in 1996 at age 100, having proven that he was more than just a bright straight man for his wife Gracie Allan.
