The main problem I see with this film is its score, which shouts at every note: "This is a cheap movie." There is not much else to say here. The score simply sucked. The second problem, which I see as very serious, as well as involves the unfolding of the plot near the end of the film (one of the shots of the money, if you will), is the dialogue between Martha (Adrienne Barbeau) and the sunflower man (Richard Ziman), in which Martha is revealed to be the leader of the experiment. At all times during this dialogue, the viewer is very aware that he is listening to a movie dialogue. In other words, the suspension of disbelief breaks down here. The integrity of a convincing dialogue between two people is sacrificed by a wealth of information that the filmmakers wish to convey to the audience. <br /> <br /> The third problem was Adrienne Barbeau's choice. Although I sincerely believe that she is a fabulous actress within her work, I feel that this part may have been greatly exaggerated. The main point of his performance that did not seem to fit was the spectrum through which the character moves through the movie of a loving mother of a troubled family to a woman almost like Rambo on a mission. This aspect of the script obviously would have been an excerpt for any actress, and one can not place much guilt, therefore, on Barbeau. However, to the extent that she acted competently, I would just call this a moderately severe problem for the film as a whole. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film did a wonderful job in the first half of the building. a fluency factor, most notably during his flashes of terror. I feel the film would have benefited from a greater commitment to these flashes as a mechanism to prevent a creep factor weakening in the second half of the movie. <br /> <br /> So, what's my holistic rating of this movie? piece? I'd give a solid C + to B depending on how much credit you're inclined to give to manufacturers to produce this movie on a limited budget. Even with two serious and two moderately serious problems, the film is premised on the solid plot of the Jungian side of Nazi mysticism. I do not see problems with plot development or coherence; the dialogue, with the exception mentioned above, is frankly brilliant in some places, especially in the fundamental scene between mother and daughter at the beginning of the film; As mentioned, the fluency factor was well worked out, if a little weak in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who also associated the production, did a wonderful performance. <br /> <br /> All in all, this movie is definitely worth it - see with a Nazi you love. :)
