I've seen "Miracles still happen" now, at least four times. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. From the beginning, it is interesting for the person. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very intense as we observe this young woman trying to survive alone and frightened in the Amazon, after a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. Losing her mother in this plane crash also makes this movie even more dramatic when we see the dangers that this young girl had to endure during her ten days in the Amazon. To think that this really happened is simply unreal and to think that anyone could actually survive is indescribable as we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife, as well as countless insects. As the movie progresses, we see the many dangers that this girl has to face as she tries to follow the river in the hope of taking her to a city. Remembering what her father told her about how a stream would always lead to a river and then an even larger river and that means that it will eventually lead to a community, this young woman will accompany the small stream that will eventually lead to a huge river during whole movie. Sometimes, having to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, hurt, she could always continue. At the end of this film, it was obvious that she would not have been able to continue much longer because she had not eaten for ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and tired of her dangers. Eventually, when she sees a canoe, she realizes there has to be a village and the men find her and take care of her and then take her to a hospital where her father comes to see her, after fearing she is dead along with many others. passengers. A film so dramatic and so comforting to see the face of his father when he sees his daughter is still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Films like this are not made much in those days. I'll still see it again and I know I'll never get tired of it! To think that this girl was the only survivor of this plane is indescribable! Also, the fact that she had only sustained some very minor injuries was even more remarkable, while everyone else on this plane perished in the horrific collapse of the Amazon rainforest. A brilliant film, superbly represented and one that I will keep forever and love to continue watching! Highly recommended by me for sure!
