It was considered the "Swiss response to the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It's not an answer to anything, it's something new, something funny, and sometimes it's completely stupid and silly - but was Monty Python different from a fool? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately makes the claim that this The film is low budget and should not be taken entirely seriously. Cardboard clouds on ropes enter the plane where the main character is sitting. But to compensate for the special effects that are lacking, the landscape does the trick. It's absolutely gorgeous and gorgeous - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the movie was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that affected it. It is not brilliant; still has some humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, would be enough to go and see the movie because of it! There are some good jokes, some of them are very thighs, some of them will not be understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to take "Pupsi", a telehobbie, with him on the journey. Also very funny is the scene in which Rackaroll, the sword-fighting knight, decides to show off with his sword - and subsequently crushes it against a wall, breaking it. And there's a scene where the characters "nazgul-ish" make a wonderfully comical scene that includes a toilet brush ... I did not approve of the idea of ​​the Ring being used by Schleimli, the character "Gollum", in order to "seduce "the ladies. That was a little distant. The idea of ​​Lord Sauraus wanting to cover the land with fondue was not so brilliant. Original, certainly, but not brilliant. But most of all I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, that really was not necessary. All in all, I recommend watching the movie simply because it is so crazy and totally useless. Do not expect a parody of SdA like "Spaceballs" to be for Star Wars. But if you go to the movies thinking it will be a fun night with absolutely no ambition, then you will enjoy it. I'm not sure if it works in other languages ​​because it lives in Swiss dialects, as well as in jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> In short: look at the courage of the Swiss crew who did it!
