Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were great. Sarafina was a lot of fun. I usually do not like music stuff like that, but the singing was not lame as it looked on the box. The film was useful to learn about the story because it was an interesting perspective of the 1976 Soweto turmoil. It showed you things from the perspective of the students in the riots and showed that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, this makes you like them more as an audience, and makes you more supportive of them as totally victims of white government with whom you can not sympathize. The students' singing is correct because we know from reports that the riot students were singing and dancing before they became violent. The clothes of the students in Sarafina are very similar to the clothes shown in the photos of Soweto. They actually made the film in Soweto, and that's why it seems very accurate in many parts. All these things make the film more accurate for someone to use it to learn about apartheid. As spectators, we must criticize the way the history of Apartheid was presented. Like I said before, you become friendly with students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. It also changes some of the details of other accounts. In Sarafina, it turns into chaos when the police officer enters the classroom and shoots the students. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. Police and the army shot students, but there is no evidence that they enter schools and execute such people. The fight was more on the streets and had looting and crimes. This is probably done in the movie to make you feel sadder for the school kids. The film would have been more useful if it had some different information about apartheid. The teacher was arrested for being against the government and the mother goes to work in a house of white people. But there is no information about the government and why they were doing or any details about racist policies and laws. -For George S, Chris and Finlay
