This movie reminds me of 42nd Street, starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this movie, it reminds me a lot about 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise, who is a temperamental star and ends up falling and breaking her ankle, as Bebe Daniels did on 42nd Street and another artist takes the role and becomes a star. . This movie, like most racing movies, keeps people watching because of the great entertainment. The racing movies always showed Black Entertainment how it really was popular back then. Dance styles, music, dress styles, you will love it. This movie could have been great if it had been made in Hollywood, would have better scenery, better footage and more money that would make any movie better. But it is worth watching because it is good and Micheaux does well with what little he has. I have to say of all the Micheaux movies, Swing is the best! The film features singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular but forgotten today. Doli Armena, an incredible female trumpeter who can play the horn so well that you think Gabriel is blowing a horn in the sky. The sexy and sexy ballerina Consuela Harris would embarrass Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Adding more information ... The popular blues singer of the 20s and 30s Cora Green is the focus of the film, she is Mandy , a good, hardworking woman with a not-so-good man who takes money and spends with other women. A nosy neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what she saw and heard, and Mandy goes to the club and picks up her man with an attractive curvy woman named Eloise (who played Hazel Diaz, a Hot-Cha artist in the 1930s) and a fight breaks out. So Mandy goes to Harlem, where she meets with a guardian angel Lena played by one of the most beautiful women in the cinema, Dorothy Van Engle. Lena offers Mandy a home, a job and helps her to become a star when temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she's playing two parts or maybe has changed her stage name) tries to ruin the show with her bad behavior . When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for the job and Lena is right and a star is born in Mandy. Tall, long, skinny, but cute Carman Newsome is the aspiring legal producer that Lena is also looking for. Cute boy Larry Seymour plays the not good man, but after Lena threatens him, he can mold himself. There are a few highlights, but what stands out to me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) creeps up late for the rehearsal and erases everyone, and then the man comes in and punches the jaw, but that does not is enough, she almost gets into a fight with Mandy again. In between, there is great entertainment for chorus girls, tap dance dancers, bustling dancers, rocking music and singing blues. There are even white people watching the entertainment, I imagine where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where there are blacks and whites sitting together in the club, Micheaux often integrated blacks and whites in his films, he should be praised for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This film was the first racing film that I really liked and helped introduce me to Oscar Micheaux. This movie is one of the best of the racing films genre, it's a behind-the-scenes story about the ups and downs of show business. <br /> <br /> None of these early racing movies may not be the best, can not be compared to Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Sky Hut, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movie, but it's great to see them because their early signs of black film production and more such films provide a glimpse of black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films gave blacks the chance to play people of all walks of life, be beautiful, elegant and elegant, not just stereotypes, or how whites thought blacks should be portrayed as in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these racing films were not the best, but they were the only ones that could be offered at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters and Fredi Washington. , Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, and more of the biggest stars, so Micheaux and other black and white filmmakers would use nightclub performers in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most were not good actors and actresses, but they were used more as an experiment than as a real talent, they just wanted their stories to be told, and in return many black artists had to perform their true talents in movies. For some true actors, running movies were the only kind of movie they could work on, especially if they did not want to do Hollywood stereotypes, so I guess you'll be able to identify the true actors / actresses of the nightclub performers. . These racing films are very historic, could have been lost forever, many are lost, perhaps racing movies are not the best example of cinema, but even the Hollywood movies did not start very well at first. I think if the race movie genre continued, it would be better. If you're looking for great acting, most racing movies are not the only ones, but if you're looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should have been portrayed in movies, then watch racing movies. There are some fun racing movies with a good cast of actors, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which not only has good entertainment but good acting.
