I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I really like this movie, but I would not say this is a "Mother's Night" movie I read. When people say Vonnegut is non-flammable, two things come to my mind. One is that many of his themes are very close to the fingertips or even the taboo, despite the sometimes accusing accusation against him of choosing relatively "easy" targets for his satire. That means less with each passing day when it comes to shooting. Directors these days seem to have fun at breaking taboos and I have high hopes for the version of "Bluebeard" now in production. Incredible to think that an innocent play like Vonnegut's "Sirens of Titan" would probably have been equivalent to "R" if filmed when it was published in the 1950s for its violence, language and sexual and thematic content, although it is a tragedy that no one has come still with a script for it. And in the current economic climate, I also hope some director is looking closely at "Jailbird," "Galapagos," and "Hocus Pocus." <br /> <br /> The other thing is his narrative style, accumulating irony about irony in irony, but still funny. It seems impossible to objectify, and this seems to be the biggest obstacle to making great films of their great novels, because petty copyright comments that color our response as readers simply are not possible in movies without resorting to often awkward techniques like "conversations." "Vonnegut suggested that there was a character lacking in the filmed versions of his work, himself as the author / narrator. To his credit," Breakfast of Champions "(the movie) tried to keep the comedy and came a bit of a dresser for his pains As well as another turkey made out of a Vonnegut novel, "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> Even so, there is nothing wrong with a director giving us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and " Mother Night "is an excellent example of how, as another reviewer put it, a good director can add visual poetry to a source like this. But much of the humor is lost, although it's the same plot, not really the same novel as I If one had been, I would probably be rolling in the hallways laughing a few times watching.For a reader of the novel, I think a laugh at the end is forgivable.the end of the movie, however, is really touching, and I think one of the The success of the film is that it can really leave you with the feeling that you've seen someone walk between good and evil, and the jury is still out. <br /> <br /> Standing alone and worth a look. Technically, there are some minor but glaring errors, notably in continuity, and often seem monotonous and theatrical, but most often it reaches an acceptable note and occasionally shows considerable imagination and resourcefulness. The acting is generally of a high order, although perhaps the dialogue is somewhat affected by today's standards. <br /> <br /> He survives very well watching back in the past with "Slaughter-5", and in fact there is a little more "good" shot Vonnegut out there, mostly versions of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron" "Who am I this time?" and a few other things, such as, of course, the filmed version of his funny but disposable piece, "Happy Birthday Wanda June." There was also an interesting piece, if it still exists, made in the '70s, called "Between Time And Timbuktu," which Vonnegut apparently did not like very much, although he was involved in his production because he felt he misunderstood it in his generality. He said he recalled the bizarre surgical experiments performed on HG Wells's "Dr. Moreau's Island," but for many people it served as an excellent introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the movies do not make you want to go to the top source material, they are not doing their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, the big show is inside his head.
