I have not yet read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother's Night (though I've read his other books, all the satire pieces and novels that change the game). After seeing Keith Gordon's film adaptation of his book, it will be an immediate immediate read in the near future. It's the kind of stuff I'm sure if it were not made in 1995/96 as a movie, it would get caught up right now in the period when many post-Holocaust / WW2 films are quite popular. . Except that this is much more somber, though still more resonant, about the nature of interpreting the roles and the true underlying horror of living with life after the war than telling The Reader. It's about the very real danger of faking in wartime, which is what it's like to be a spy in World War II. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother's Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity about moral choice and the constant role - even after the war ended - for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte) , what is. But it's also just a really strong feat of cinematic technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually consider a really strong director of material (more or less I think of him as an actor, incredible as it may seem briefly to Vonnegut himself in Back to School), but that's a revelation. He considers Campbell's story as a story of a fractured life: a German propaganda master (the "only American left in Berlin"), who is actually an American spy but can never have his identity revealed and was a playwright. who actually belonged to "a nation of two," he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He follows him from his prison awaiting trial in Israel in 1961 as he writes his memoirs and tells of his disillusionment about being a "feigned" Nazi, and then in 1960 in a semi-hidden apartment in New York, which is where most of the film happens. Mothers Night can be quite heavy, as on a level that you can associate with the Pianist, but on a more emotional-cerebral level than the glaring poetry of that movie. Gordon, through Vonnegut, is trying to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing but the memory (and then a strange transposition) of his long-lost love in a "sister" who returned to him in NYC, so he is left to his own devices when he befriends a painter (Alan Arkin, very very good here), and then is discovered as a Nazi hidden by a bulletin of white supremacy, taking the crazy ones to his apartment. On the surface, this should be just a story of direct espionage, but nothing is straightforward. The 'something' of this man's life is impressive, but it is basically of his own choosing. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for hours on end, but the same conclusions can be reached (and, in a way, reflect the line that Goebbels said): the bigger the lie, the more people believe in it. That is, except for the few who started the lie and know its secret and power. <br /> <br /> But oh, it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragic tale, or another, if it were they were performing some really fantastic performances (which is: Nolte is at his best here, and Sheryl Lee , which might remind us of Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, stuns in several roles, especially in the scene where she reveals that she is not 'really' Helga). It's also a wonderfully filmed movie with brilliant lighting and photos that reflect the mood of the character, or just the grossness or sickly colors of the time (watch the scene where an old Campbell watches a movie of his younger self Na true, the juxtaposition of faces is great). And musical selections increase the level of tragedy. It might be argued that some of the music is too much, but at other times it raises the material beyond its own dramatic dimensions and renders it operatic, solemn about human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie. to take emotionally, and some of the twists have that "whoa" tone as in any spy story. But it is Vonnegut's subversion, the way of taking appearance and performance, of life imitating art, imitating life by imitating death and turning it into something worth remembering. I have no idea yet if the book is better than the movie (or the other way around), but at the moment it's hard for me not to recommend this to anyone looking for a post WW2 masterpiece / holocaust.
