American playwright Howard W. Campbell Jr. (played with a mild obsolescence by Nick Nolte) lives happily in Germany with his actress wife, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee), before the start of World War II. At the height of his life, Howard is summoned by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; warned of the risks that the job has, Howard has everything to lose, but considers the offer irresistible. After his wife's death and the end of the war, Campbell camouflages himself with the anonymity of a solitary life in New York, which clouded his neuroses even more. The central question (in fact, an issue that has frustrated many critics) of the film and the novel source of Kurt Vonnegut is "Is Campbell a Hero or a Traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer clues, but no response, and that ambiguity - that DOES NOT KNOW - is what keeps "Mother Night" fresh and interesting all around. At the beginning of the film, Nolte portrays Campbell as intelligent and confident; in the end he is frightened and uncertain, or scared and FULLY sure of his contribution / debt to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies a certain brilliance to the images from the first half of the film, which complement his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and capture the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his solitary apartment in New York (which he affectionately calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also purely distinctive of the author and provides a temporary respite. of the dramatic tension unfolding. The moral (even spiritual) paradox that "Mother Night" presents does not lend itself to a simple resolution and to some extent must be left ambiguous - the black-and-white scenes of Campbell staring wearily into space while he is imprisoned Israel suggests an unspoken contemplation of which we are not informed as Campbell is a character whose inner workings we end up knowing very little; the war changes, returning to America changes it, and meeting the Nazis in New York compels him to further extend the facade of his "act," to the point that he can only look wearily at an image of himself projected on a wall, spewing anti-Semitic bile. Maybe this is the best reaction we could expect.
