That magical moment of life, that point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing whirlwind that marks adulthood. . . That's what this movie is. <br /> <br /> Danni (beautifully played by Reese Witherspoon) is right at that point in life when the movie begins. She passes out on Elvis, playing her records and thinking of love. Maureen, her sister, soon goes to college, has no problem attracting boys, she's beautiful and seems to have everything planned, although she does not. She dates a local loser whose father is also behind her, and just wants to be able to find a decent boy and be dragged by the feet. Danni, like most young people, wants her to be no more than she, because most teenagers think that who they are just are not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see herself as pretty. <br /> <br /> The time when adulthood begins to intrude into your life is when she meets Court Foster for the first time. The court that his father recently died moved to his former farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He was pushed into responsibility when he should be having fun. On a hot day in particular, he goes to the pond and jumps only to find Danni swimming. They scream and argue and Danni leaves. But they see one day later, when the mother of the courts is invited to visit Danni to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni is drawn to the court and Court to Danni. She's a brat and she's spunky, has attitude and says what's on her mind. <br /> <br /> The court is 17 years old and Danni 14 and he knows it, but they continue to approach with their days in the pond between the court working on the farm. The moment Court kisses her one day, Danni is injured. Danni's father tells her to invite Court to the house and he does. but things are uncomfortable for Court in its "kind of meeting". The silence is broken by his encounter with Maureen, who has not yet seen Court. One look between the two and it's all over. The looks of pain and defeat on Danni's face are beautiful in their veracity to life and painful at the same time. The rest of the movie I will not tell, but the film has more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film is in its representation of moments of life both beautiful and painful. and the relationship between two sisters whose love is tested both by a boy they love and by the pain they must endure together and individually. Danni ends up marking his entrance into the world when he sees that the world is unfair, painful and perhaps even a little less promising than when the film began. Few movies can truly capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of adulthood so perfectly. This movie has since the first time I watched it stuck in my mind. It's on my list of Top 100 movies and deservedly. I only wish more movies like this were made, because if so. . . my faith in Hollywood would be much better.
