When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and was getting some good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale" as he proclaimed himself, and I really got addicted to it. I've loved it ever since. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to watch a good show like this. The cast is excellent as its characters, and I would not want to change them anyway. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with this show, Pushing Daisies revolves around a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace), who discovered a special gift when he was a boy : He could bring the dead back to life with the touch of a finger. He first did this to his dog, Digby. However, there is the catch: if he keeps a dead person alive for more than a minute, another person dies. He learned this when he brought his mother back to life, and the father of his childhood passion died in the place of Ned's mother. The other catch is if he touches the person again, they are dead again, but this time forever. He learned that when his mother kissed him goodnight. His father took him to a boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a bakery, skillfully titled "The Pie Hole." Ned's co-worker, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has a crush on Ned, but Ned rejects his moves, trying not to approach anyone, learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) has discovered the gift that Ned has, and decides to make him a partner in resolving murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute is over, he touches them again and they solve. This is how they usually solve it. Throughout the episodes, the murders have very interesting plots and are the least expected. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned learns that his next murder to be solved is his childhood girlfriend, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In his place, the undertaker, who stole jewelry from the corpses, died. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he does not agree at all - for a while, we hear him calling Chuck "dead girl." All this is kept secret with Olive, Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively) and all the others, if someone recognizes it from the obituary, from the news, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, had not left home for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow up to love each other, though they can not touch each other anymore. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, has great characters, contains great twists, and will definitely cheer you up. I hope it will not be canceled in 13 episodes.
