This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any resemblance between the "Pushing Daisies" style and anyone else was not a rip off. (Yes, I saw "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is a bit similar, but still different enough to be original.) On the contrary, there are very few shows on TV that have that kind of quirky charm. The biggest similarity is with "Dead Like Me", but "P.D" comes with this similarity: Bryan Fuller created both shows. (Both shows involve a young "undead," for example.) This show never ceased to be funny and charming, and was always strange but consistently human. <br /> <br /> I must say a word about the conventions of tangles in progress. some people complained that this program lacked a moral center because in the first (and several subsequent) episodes, Ned seems to get away with causing the death of Chuck's father without consequences of any kind. First, this must be a new definition of "no consequence of any kind" because, although Ned is just a boy and does not realize that it caused the death of Chuck's father, he still felt guilty at the time when he realized what he had done. In addition, about a dozen episodes of the series, Ned finally confessed to Chuck that he had caused the death of his father with his gift. Now, there is no police to accuse people of magically causing a person's death by bringing another person back to life, so the issues of acquittal and restitution must be taken without social guidance. In other words, it's between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned anytime soon. <br /> <br /> But this points to a problem with the continuing stories in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's character in "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it looked like he got away - for a whole year - so he got caught and was forced to resign (and left the show). The point is, viewers should learn now and not assume that just because a regular character does something wrong in a single episode, and is not caught up in that episode, that he got away with it. There are always next week - and maybe even next year.
