"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV shows of its kind in the last 5 years, I agree with that or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an incredible creative mind. He is the mind behind other big TV shows like "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other not as big as these, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). It's a mix of the wonderful worlds created by Brian Fuller on previous TV shows, mixing once again a fantastic fantasy world with real types of people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something a fairy tale always is. So, being a kind of fairy tale, you can expect no more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or also very expected situations, but not in a way that would normally be dictated. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes. with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. This is how Ned (Lee Pace), Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift, besides being an incredible chef: he can give life to the dead with just one touch. This could be a power that everyone would die - or would live - if it were not for something else simple and very sad: he can also give death forever if he touches it again. The curse of this incredible gift does not stop there ... everything has a compensation and if it brings anything to life for more than a minute, another kind of it would die instantly. He is a guy full of unhappy events in life in a way that he grew introspectively, always afraid to touch at all and once again lose things that he once loved to love. Until the day he could finally be near his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if it were not for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life again and she loves him as much as he does, but that love is untouchable. The real kiss of death. And that's how this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of Pushing Daisies it was promoted as something very familiar (or perhaps some kind of tribute) to everything Tim Burton has created since "Big Pee-Wee's Adventure" ( 1985) for "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results could not be better. The world around The Pie Hole was magnificent. The stories around Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to solve unresolved crimes may be very common on TV, but this is just a way to guide people through incredible stories around characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth ) in a wonderful world of beautiful and dreamy images that you can almost taste the colors. Not only that, you're fused into a lot of amazing and charismatic gentle characters, even those with the darkest moods. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of murders and unresolved crimes, the show shines and is triumphant in many other things. The actors here are top of the note. Lee Pace is soft, smooth and contained as the character asks. Anna Friel is the muse of the show as her character is supposed to be. But the most fantastic times are always with supporting actors such as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (as Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines playing a character so dry, drowned in an impossible black humor that could scare a clown, surely she has the best dialogues and their expressions and body language are fascinating. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, the best funny moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems like she's jamming all the time, she's so naturally entertaining that every scene is a show apart. Kristin shines so much on the show that winning the 2009 Emmy for her supporting role in the show was totally fair and deserved. There is also the chemistry between the actors and their characters, which are also surprising. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this TV show really is and what it should be. For those who think this program is a waste of time or do not say meaning, they certainly need to open their minds and return to a time they probably never had: childhood. <br /> Truth be told ... TV has never been so bold on a TV show as with this incredible. "Pushing Daisies" was a huge step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that TV does not respect big TV shows like those created by Bryan Fuller - except "Heroes" that is still on the air and is far from being as incredible as the others.
