After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb page of "Pushing Daisies," and literally just minutes after watching the final episode, I thought it was time to say what I thought of PD. <br /> <br /> First, to address what some of the issues I've seen other people having with this show: something like "I hope people who have been awakened from the dead have a more realistic reaction." Realistic, at this show? Pushing Daisies is, truly, pure and absolute escapism. It's color palette, used dialogue, scenarios, situations, music: all this, for me, is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from the mundane and boring. It is here that Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well that Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: the vast majority of the television audience does not "catch" it, for some people it is very exaggerated and silly. But for people like me, even from the first episode I watched (Season 2 "Frescorts") and I was impressed by the show. From there, I bought the two sets of boxes and they barely came out of my DVD player. Other people I know can not stand it, it seems to be like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the Piemaker, with a magic finger, who brings back the childhood sweetheart Charlotte Charles, works in association with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns Pie- hole and employs the waitress Olive Snook. Completing the cast members are the Lily and Vivian aunts, whom Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, all shown with a touch of wonderfully bright color, and narrated by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to outlining the basics of the show, I really can not praise it much more without saying: just watch. Although it has been stung by Writer's Guild of America strike with only 22 episodes to be made, it provides wonderful twists, plots, characters and situations, providing (to me) a satisfying ending (yes, I could say that I had been arrested in the end and rushed, but I was still happy with the way it came out). Whether it's creative or just pretentious, for many people (myself included) made the visualization more addictive and wonderful, and I hope the future of television more programs like this are created, so I do not get only 22, Memories of 40 minutes of what true entertainment can be.
