The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an avid archaeologist, is dispatched by his head of the Museum to the great country house of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his task is to find provenance and catalog the collection of antiques and curiosities to the laird's recently deceased father. The squire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, he had not expected it for another week, but still receives him and receives his only servant, Patten (David Burke ... from Dr. Watson's fame), to show him to his room. , as Fanshawe should stay for a few days in order to finish his rather large task. Patten does not seem to be the friendliest type and seems to resent the extra work that Fanshawe's visit will entail, the big empty house providing an endless amount of food, cleaning and maintenance for him. Fanshawe is a restless, very clean and precise guy, with everything taking his place, be they his clothes or his books and papers and he's a little disgusted with the dirt in his room. Needless to say he is a bit anxious to get his job, but unpacking he thinks his binoculars were damaged in transit, so he asks the squire for a replacement pair, The Squire who is a modern man but also seems pretty uneducated with such affairs, are also eager to get rid of the clutter around the house, so he obliges and walks Fanshawe to the top of the hill so he can inspect the property and the surrounding villages, there the Squire directs him to points of interest, including Gallows Hill, where the villagers were hanged for their crimes and crimes, their interest is also taken by a local abbey which the landowner describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through the binoculars that he clearly is not, he investigates more and pays one visit the site of the abbey and is shocked to discover that there are only a few remnants of stone? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this puzzle as the darkness falls, he feels he is being watched, he feels a presence, he begins to see moving shadows in the forest, scared he runs home. During dinner, he conveys details of his harrowing day to Squire, Patten hears the story and suggests an explanation for it ... The Binoculars! they used to belong to a local man named Baxter, who seems to be collecting bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, boiling them to some mixture or another, Baxter had disappeared mysteriously one night, the late barking acquired his belongings, including a mask. made from a skull and some antique engravings of the area. These engravings fascinate Fanshawe when they portray the abbey he saw through his binoculars but he discovers that the abbey had been destroyed during the reign of Henry VII and therefore it would be impossible for Baxter to have drawn the sketches but it is never signed. and dated by Baxter for the recent past, then he concludes that the binoculars have some special power. That night he has terribly vivid dreams, when he wakes up, he leaves with the binoculars to see more closely the abbey through them, what he finds surprised, but he puts himself in dangerous danger in doing so? Fanshawe finally gets stuck in his dangerous obsession as darkness falls, the squire and a search party go in search of the disappeared archaeologist, they are alerted by dozens of crows shouting above Gallows, they speed up their speed but they will be on time to help or save Fanshawe from your fate? The BBC's Ghost Story for Christmas series unfortunately ended its initial series of 1978 films with The Ice House, mostly based on the work of the great James MR. In 2005 and 2006 the series was revived briefly and happily A View from Hill also marked a return to the work of James, whose ghostly writings haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who is new to the series, may have worried fans of older films, but he returns to the period left behind by later films, which immediately set the tone for a great story of Ghost, his direction is guaranteed while he remains faithful to the film. The mood of the masters works and gradually increases the fear factor to a terrifying climax, while maintaining what the viewer sees at a minimum, thus increasing tension and mystery. The autumn landscape offers lots of atmosphere, falling leaves and the low-lying sun providing a disturbing backdrop to the ominous events that are to come. The cast must be said they are all superb and are perfectly cast in their respective roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple but very effective, the use of a man made object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see, may even have influenced Álex de la Iglesia in his film The Child's Room 2006) the following year, with which it has remarkable similarity. I had heard mixed reviews of this particular film but I must say I found it intriguing at all times and even raised some hairs on my head and gave me some creeps, something that does not happen much these days, I find any negativity around of the film can only be attributed to its rhythm, which in my eyes is perfection, but for the modern public will be seen as deadly slow. Much time is given, even within its brief 40-minute length, to character development and plot expansion, and I must say it's one of my favorites and certainly one of the best films of the decade.
