The year 2005 saw no less than 3 filmed productions of H. G Wells's great novel, "War of the Worlds." This is perhaps the least known and most probably the best of them. No other version of WotW attempted, not only to present the story as Wells wrote it, but also to create the atmosphere of the time when it should occur: the last year of the nineteenth century, 1900? using the original scenery of Wells, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> The IMDb seems hostile to what they consider "spoilers." This may apply to some movies, where the ending may actually be a surprise, but with respect to one of the most famous novels in the world, it seems positively silly. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the seminal works in English literature, so let's get right to the point. The aliens are destroyed by capturing an Earth disease, against which they have no immunity. If this is a spoiler, so be it; after a book and 3 other movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This movie, which follows the plot of Wells in the main, is also very cleverly presented ?? in a way that may alienate many viewers due to their ignorance of late 19th and early 20th century photography. Although filmed in a widescreen aspect, the film goes to some lengths to give an impression of contemporaneity. The general coloration of the skin and clothing exhibits a sepia tint often found in old photographs (instead of black). The colors are often reminiscent of hand dyeing. At other times, the colors are washed. These variations are typical of the early films, which did not use the standardized celluloid stock and thus exhibited a good amount of changes in print quality, ranging from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white and thus onwards ?? as you will see on occasion here. Are special effects deliberately retrograde, of a kind seen even in the 1920s? and yet the Martians and their machines are as Wells described them and have a more realistic "feel." Are some of the effects really weird? like the destruction of Big Ben. The acting is often more in the style of this period than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, particularly the use of ointment or glitter on the head and facial hair. <br /> <br /> Is this movie the only one that follows with any closeness to Wells's original narrative? as was observed. Viewers may find it informative to look at plot details that appear here that are occasionally retained in other versions of the story. Wells's description of the Martians ?? a giant head mounted on numerous tentacles ?? is effectively portrayed. When the Martian machines appear, about an hour after the film, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Do both Wells and this film do an excellent job of portraying the progress of the Martians from the limited (mainly) perspective of rural England? as well as some scenes in London (involving the Narrator's brother). The director is unable to resist showing the destruction of an important landmark (Big Ben), but at least does not live unduly in the devastation of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is not a surprise, despite the cannon-wrecking of some of their machines. The Narrator, traveling in search of escape, sees much of what Wells calls "the defeat of mankind." He finds a cure endowed with the Victorian affliction of a very precious and nervous personality. They end up finding themselves on the edge of a Martian nest where they discover a terrible fact: Martians are shown as vampires who consume their living prey in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating, they make "a prolonged and cheerful squeal." Is the Narrator finally forced to knock the curator more and more hysterically? who revives as soon as the Martians drag him into the pantry (shouts from the gallery, British healers are often totally unbearable). <br /> <br /> This movie lasts almost three hours, going through the story of Wells in welcome details. . Is it time the author won? in a compelling presentation that builds into dramatic impact. A word about acting: do not expect winning performances. They are not bad, however, the actors are sincere and grow in you. Most of them, however, had cinematographic careers very abbreviated, often only in this film. The Narrator is played by handsome Anthony Piana in his second film. The cure is John Kaufman? also in his second film as an actor, but who had more experience of direction. The Brother ("Henderson") is interpreted with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. Artilleryman, the only other handsome part, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is, in general, a splendid movie, portraying for the first time the War of the Worlds, as Wells wrote. Despite its minor flaws, it is far better than any of its sensational competitors. If you want to see the War of the Worlds by H. G. Wells? and not a totally distorted version of it? see this movie!
