Imagine that you could have whatever you wanted, whatever you wanted, whatever you dreamed of being - just through thought. Now imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such powers be worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage," the now legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. "The Cage" was the most ambitious and expensive pilot ever made in network history at the time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let all that effort and expense go to waste, with the result of this truly classic Star Trek episode that incorporates "The Cage" into a story that deepens and broadens the emotional and philosophical depth of this tale, a milestone in TV history and one of the first truly serious science fiction stories ever filmed for the small screen ... Star Date 3012: The USS Enterprise diverts to Starbase 11 after Spock receives an urgent message from the former commander of the Enterprise. Surprisingly, the message can not be from Captain Pike, after all, as he is now confined to a wheelchair, dumb and horribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase Commodore Mendez try to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter can be clarified, Spock - for reasons still unknown - commits an act of open riot, kidnapping the helpless Captain Pike and hijacking the Enterprise through a plan brilliantly thought and timed aided by a few bursts of Vulcan nerves. Soon, the Enterprise is headed for the remote and forbidden planet of Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under interdiction, and any contact with the planet by Starfleet ships or personnel carries an immediate death sentence, meaning that Spock seems to be deliberately destroying himself, and Kirk too, since the Captain will be held accountable for the activities of the ship. Terrified, Kirk and Mendez race behind a space shuttle, which becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or pick up the ship until the energy and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one to follow the ship - is, of course, unable to consign the captain to certain death. After ordering the ship to be recovered and the occupants boarded, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and demands to be arrested after having placed the spacecraft on an irreversible path to Talos IV. Upon retaking the command, Kirk demands an explanation when Spock calls for an immediate martial court by a Starfleet officers commander - of whom there are three on board - Mendez, Kirk, and the incompetent Commander Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet regulations allows him to manipulate the court to allow him to present inadmissible evidence. Spock presents video recordings of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a journey taken 13 years earlier by the Enterprise itself under Pike's command. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme details, but the reality of the events described is confirmed by Pike himself, who ends up being drawn to Talos IV for a call for help from the survivors of a Federation inquiry. ship that crashed there 18 years earlier. Among the survivors is Vina, a stunning beauty supposedly born just before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows him to lure him to an isolated spot where he is attacked and captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous cranial capacity and the power to turn thoughts into virtual reality. After Pike's capture, the rest of the "survivors" disappeared, as none of them actually existed, except Vina. The episode ends when the court learns that Spock's "evidence" is being transmitted to the Enterprise directly from Talos IV in violation of Starfleet regulations. The Starfleet calls for an immediate suspension of the broadcasts, and we wonder what will happen next ... Continues a review of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
