Parts one and two of the Menagerie were the only parter during the 3 years of the original Trek series and it was because Roddenberry was able to insert most of the footage from the first pilot "The Cage." The movement was done out of necessity, to combat the problems of term in obtaining episodes produced (such a sf in the 60s was a nuisance to be done in time). A positive result at the time was that the audience, unconscious of the pilot produced almost two years before, was presented with a whole new team and captain for these two episodes on top of the regular cast of characters, as if the producers had doubled the money in these episodes to present a TV epic covering a dozen years of Starfleet history (though they still used terms like 'United Space Fleet' in those early episodes). <br /> <br /> The story involved begins as a mystery plot space: Enterprise is diverted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect in these antics. Surprisingly, while McCoy believes that Spock's Vulcan heritage makes his subterfuge impossible, Spock is actually doing some sort of mutiny of our precious spacecraft and kidnapping his former captain, Pike, now horribly crippled. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or did he just go crazy? It may well be, for he is driving the Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so out of bounds is the subject of the only death penalty known in the Starfleet books. When the jig is up, there is a great scene of Spock surrendering to an astonished McCoy while Uhura looks in shock. Even Kirk, usually stable as a captain should be, does not know what to do with the illogical conduct of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final act, we began to see images transmitted from a 13-year Enterprise mission earlier when Captain Pike was commanding and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where all this is going and what Spock hopes to accomplish - and that's another thing that makes him a good partner - we really need to figure out what that's about in Part 2. Spock is not only facing severe penalties, but it seems that Kirk's career is also over. Double danger, folks. This is also the first televised episode featuring one of these transportation vehicles (none was available in the previous "The Enemy Within" when craft was really needed). There's also one of those frosted paintings to convey the ambiance of a futuristic stellar base - that was the only way to visualize these things back then. Finally, check out Kirk's smug approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, get things going for him as the story progresses.
