You must not accept what I am about to say. I've seen many, many movies and reviewed a lot of them in print. So when I tell you that this movie has the single funniest scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to hear me. There is a lot of diversity of opinions about what makes this movie INCREDIBLY stupid as funny as it is. And for those who just could not, well, I can not blame them too much. The scene I'm talking about, comes in about 30 minutes and involves a dead convict chained to John Candy. Until that moment, I thought the movie was mute, confusing and was starting to lose me. When this scene came up, I laughed so hard I peed my pants. No movie has ever done this to me before. When the project started, "Going Berserk" should be the SCTV film. I remember being announced. Over time, the cast was reduced to John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. There must also have been a change of regime in Universal while it was being filmed, because when it was released, it was shown in almost ZERO theaters. Watching this a second time, I listened to the theme song (which actually flaunts as the plot is incomprehensible, in the lyrics), I relaxed my logical nerve and figured out what was going on. In addition to the above routine, "Going Berserk" has many other hilarious scenes to recommend it. This is almost a 3 Stooges movie except that it's a lot funnier. Director David Steinberg has had a good time, and he must have laughed at all this. As for Candy, who is basically responsible here, he's never been more funny. With all the plot devices and explanatory scenes thrown by the window, it absolutely runs loose. Flaherty and Levy follow him effortlessly. There's a plot, but it's a plot like "Animal House" had a plot, and yes, the script is patchy and a bit slow to start. Once you know this, however, you can enjoy the total madness of the SCTV style that transpires. It's stupid, but it's stupid on purpose, and you need to remember that when you see it. SEE this and find out for yourself if it has the funniest scene of all time.
