This is a Casper the Friendly Ghost short since my childhood, and I re-watch it on YouTube (Thanks GOD! By You Tube); after that I love this short, and it's one of my favorite Casper shorts. <br /> <br /> I love how the short begins scary with the astounding narration of Frank Gallop; until we came to Casper sitting by his gravestone in the graveyard, reading. While all the ghosts were rising from the graves to "boo" the people, Casper decides to leave in search of a friend. But when trying to make a friend, whoever sees Casper runs away. Poor Casper sat on a log and wept; until a fox cub appears and caresses him. Casper and the little fox quickly join in and he quickly names Ferdie the puppy and considers him his best friend. <br /> <br /> Casper and Ferdie's relationship is put at a tremendous risk, however, when Casper is not keeping an eye on Ferdie while they are playing a Hide and Seek game. While Ferdie is hiding a hunter and two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill the little Ferdie and Ferdie is running as fast as possible until he is out of breath and begins to gasp. As the hunter fires shots at Ferdie Casper realizes that they are trying to kill him and flies in the direction of the hunter and begs the hunter to leave Ferdie alone. And the hunter and the dogs are terrified of Casper. Casper yells to Ferdie that the hunter and the dogs are gone and that all is well. But Casper sees that Ferdie's body is not moving and asks if he's okay. When Casper sees that Ferdie has died, he begins to cry in pain because he has lost "the only friend he has ever had in his life." Casper returns to the graveyard where he buried Ferdie and made a tombstone for him next to Casper's tombstone. Casper continues to mourn in pain until he sees that Ferdie has risen as a ghost. Ferdie starts to lick Casper on the cheek. Casper screams with joy because he has reunited with Ferdie. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a good summary; although surprisingly disturbing, showing death in a family-oriented caricature.
