Oh gosh . Yet another example of "Oireland" and religion. Undoubtedly, we will be seeing some depressing bullshit with some of the IRA's "hunky-sexist" freedom fighters. Well, that was my initial reaction when the credits started, but just over an hour and a half later I was in shock. What an excellent movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is one small problem since they are getting married in the catholic church and that is Sheila is a Protestant, but for marriage to happen, Sheila promises that her children will be Catholic and attend Catholic school when she is old enough. The story - set in the 1950s - then goes a few years when Cloney's daughters are about to start school, but Sheila decided they would attend the local Protestant school to Father Stafford's heartbreak. From there things get worse <br /> <br /> Let me put my letters on the table and declare that despite having both the Catholic Protestant and Scottish Irish inheritance, I was raised as an agnostic and considered myself an atheist all over my adulthood. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. A DIVIDED LOVE shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians take on the responsibility of telling others what to think and believe. May I have the temerity to say that if Karl Marx saw this film, he would love it and call it a masterpiece? Maybe I should not, since the drama of this story shows what happens when other people do their thinking for you. <br /> <br /> In response to the pair of critics who have stated that this movie is the worst kind of propaganda I I do not want to know the exact details of what happened in Wexford County and there is no denying that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are depicted as the thugs, but Sheila is not innocent either. Think of a woman who lives in a rural village in Ireland from the 1950s who promises to bring her children as Catholics then changes her mind and believes there will be no consequences of this? This is a warning against accepting compromises and not complying with them. Not only that, but it disappears to let other people take the pieces of their shattered lives. There is also something that no one else has captured and that the only character with any kind of moral sense is the IRA ex-man, Andy Bailey, who is shown as being gallant not because he was a former IRA member. (This makes a change We are not talking about THE OWN DEVIL here), but simply because he is an atheist who decided to think for himself. <br /> <br /> A DIVIDED LOVE is a superb movie that has a lot to say for itself, everything of which I agree. If there is any kind of criticism, it looks a lot like a TVM instead of a movie, but believe me, I can live with it and it is essential to see who thinks religion is the opiate of the masses.
