I never cease to be amazed and appalled by the evil that has been declared in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in twentieth-century Ireland are very near the top - considering that the wisdom of history and should have had some worrying effect. <br /> <br /> A Divided Love is the story of a royal family marked by ignorant intolerance and prejudice, all in the name of an idiot church doctrine. At the beginning of the film, we are offered a view of bucolic life in a small Irish village in which Sheila and Sean Cloney are happy and married to two small children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no scruples about her children being raised as Catholics. There is no sign of any animosity between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships are soon destroyed when Sheila expresses the desire to have her eldest son attending Protestant school. The local priest is in charge of prohibiting this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village turned against her, as did her father, the local farmer. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flees the area. <br /> <br /> Special note should be given to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. She performs an extremely powerful performance in which the viewer is drawn to the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the desires of a husband she deeply loves in order to express her ardent desire to establish herself as independent of the establishment's pressures. On an equal footing, Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, gives a realistic picture of a man who is not as complex as his wife, who is torn between her love for her and the influence of the Church and community. <br /> <br /> If fiction, this movie would have been an interesting and interesting drama. Whereas it is true, this changes into a terrible tragedy. In real life, the people and village have never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took almost half a century for the Church to recognize its negative role in events, and although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never fully recovered from what was done to them by religious leaders and their villagers. Whether denying basic rights to choice education, knocking down planes in buildings, subjugating women, condemning entire races, or simply through torture and murder, we humans certainly have the ability to use religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
