It would be necessary for Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence to do justice to this remarkable cinematographic feat. However, I'll give it a try. <br /> <br /> As far as Hamlet's adaptations are concerned, this one is already at a better starting point than all other versions, since it encompasses the whole play. Still, this is no guarantee of a top-quality movie, or even a good movie. Usually I'm not much for movies that are very long and the trend that seems to prevail in Hollywood today, ie, that movies should be at least two hours long, preferably three, is one we hope will not last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive exploitation and could do with some cuts. Making a four-hour film and keeping it interesting is no small task, but Kenneth Branagh does it with voracious colors. He managed to make a very long movie seem no more than any ordinary movie. I was completely absorbed from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The cast is excellent with Kenneth Branagh himself as the tormented prince giving a strong and memorable performance. He can convey his feelings admirably through his voice and need not be an expert on Shakespeare verses to capture the myriad of emotions that are catching within him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect really. I always liked her enough as an actor, but I was not sure she could play Shakespeare. Well, she certainly eradicated all doubts about her performance. She is the best Ophelia I have ever seen and lent such depth to the character and it was simply wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio, to name but a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some of the most internationally famous stars to play some of the smaller roles; I especially enjoyed the sparring between Hamlet and the gravedigger played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> The setting of the game in the 19th century gives a welcome change to the generally darker Gothic settings. It is generally much lighter than other versions I have seen, more colorful and luxurious, but this does not distract from the tragedy of the play. It is exceptional, elegant and aesthetically pleasing, a definite treat for the eyes and other senses as well. The music of Patrick Doyle is as always magical and completely in tune with the film. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after having seen it. I am shocked and shocked by the fact that this exquisite work of art did not win an Academy Award for Best Picture, even more than it was even nominated. There's no way a better movie could be made that year or any other year. This is as close to the perfection you can expect. <br /> <br /> To summarize, an impressive work of pure genius and I can not see how anyone could overcome it. My hat is for you, Mr. Branagh.
