William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his play. It is not only the best version of the film, but it is also the only complete version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is simply great. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do the whole thing, even if it had been little more than four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plot to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this version of Hamlet is not the breathtaking scenarios or the stunning photography, but the interpretations of the actors of each character. I doubt you'll find a better Polonium than the delightful portrait of Richard Briers. Also, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. In addition, Derek Jacobi, regular among the adaptations of Shakespeare, is magnificent as the antagonist of Hamlet. <br /> <br /> Of course we should talk about Kenneth Branagh. He impressed audiences when he stepped in with his first appearance with Shakespeare, Henry V. He excels at Hamlet. Of course, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. When you watch him on the screen, it's almost as if he knows exactly how Shakespeare wanted the role to be played. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least the film received some pointers and even a strange choice for the screenplay. I think they know how to write well when they see it. <br /> <br /> All in all, you will never find a richer and more lavish production of the best part of the Bard. To say that the technical aspects were impressive would be a euphemism. If you love this game and are a fan of Shakespeare, you definitely need to check out this movie. Even if you do not mind Shakespeare, the look will keep you occupied for the duration of the movie. You may think you will not get through all of this at once, but you will soon find that pausing this movie will make you want to see it even more.
