Many people do not think Branagh's Hamlet movie is that good, but I must admit I think it's splendid. Like virtually every Shakespeare production, she has problems and had to make difficult choices, not all work well. The thing about the "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply does not work. This element never reaches the sinister feeling of metaphor or analogy that it tries, which makes the piece very showy and loses the brand sense of thousands of mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And although it is a big problem, I am also inclined to say that it is the only problem. Almost everything else works absolutely beautifully. Okay, so Branagh is a bit too old for the lead role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a bit forced. And he gets hysterical sometimes. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these flaws, I think this version is seminal, and if it's not as powerful a drama as it should be, it's the literary work it should be. We get the full text of the longest-running, innovative and costly version of the play, mostly set out in perfect, modern, and highly understandable voices - even if they sometimes speak too fast to wipe out the mass text. But in a Shakespearean play, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough for the audience to really appreciate the depths of language. For this, you need to dive into the printed versions of the pieces. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are simply hypnotizing and totally instantaneous (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best of all, and even the American actors are amazing, esp. Charlton Heston as King of the Players - who would have thought of that ?! (A story revolves around the fact that Heston has played Hamlet onstage, and when a critic in the front row did not stand his ground and said out loud, "That's terrible!" Heston would have replied directly from the stage: "Well, I "Of course it may not be true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams as" Young Ozric "is maybe not young enough for paper, but it makes it comical, which is guaranteed. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very well produced version, with most of the main scenes being, in my opinion, extremely memorable. Of course, I watched this film when I became interested in Shakespeare (and more or less at the same time as Luhrmann's formidable Romeo + Juliet), and this made a big impression on me, which should be responsible for some of my feelings therefore. Considering all things, I must say that Branagh's Hamlet is my favorite, with the 1980 BBC version of Derek Jacobi in second place. I probably like Branagh's work more than most, finding him as a skilled interpreter and interpreter, with a handsome and casual attitude toward words and a deep and appropriately and brazenly enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's acting, the two brightest luminaries remain Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is the top actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare to the pedestal of snobbery and trickery and turns him into a coarse and easy worldly worldliness at the same time in which it compromises nothing of its dignity. Branagh, I believe, brings a truer Shakespeare than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> And then, 10 out of 10 for an absolutely tremendous Hamlet.
