When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not help thinking at the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, in which Bette Midler leaves the play because of how indecisive he is and says, "Give me Romeo any day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether or not to kill his uncle or not? It seemed an exaggeration to me. But after reading more, I started to really appreciate the piece. I saw the movie versions of Olivier and Gibson (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), and they all got their Olivier model; the melancholy Dane. Olivier at least did this without being self-indulgent about it, but Gibson and from what I saw, Williamson, it looked like they went to "Look, Ma, I'm acting! I'm acting!" Now comes Kenneth Branagh's version, which is breathtaking from start to finish. He finished 2nd in my 1996 top ten (behind THE ENGLISH PACTIENT, and ahead of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, EVERYONE SAYS I LOVE YOU, FLASHING WITH DISASTER, GREAT NIGHT, AND RICHARD'S SEARCH ), and is the best Hamlet, and perhaps the best of Shakespeare, placed in the movies. Obviously, Branagh's talent as a filmmaker, to make the full version in 70mm print, and not lose interest for four hours, is great, but what seems to go unnoticed in the discussions about this film is his performance in the title role . . This was my favorite performance of the year. Branagh avoids the melodrama that the actors seem trapped in interpreting Hamlet as a normal and normal human being, and makes us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And, unlike Olivier, who depended primarily on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate Hamlet's range of emotions, but as he interprets it as normal, none of this seems to be a chewing landscape. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is top-notch as well. I did not even care about Jack Lemmon, although I would agree that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising turn came from Charlton Heston; I've always found it hard as a board, but he's quite commanding as the King of the Players. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would find him all wrong as 1st Gravedigger, but he was his funny self while in character. All in all, a glorious movie!
