This was the second of two "Hamlets" filmed in the 1990s, the first being by Franco Zeffirelli, starring Mel Gibson, in 1990. Zeffirelli's version, like that of Laurence Olivier of 1948, was based on an abbreviated version of the play , with much of Shakespeare. text being cut off. (I've never seen the 1969 version of Tony Richardson, but since it ran for less than two hours, shorter than Zeffirelli's, I assume it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh was trying something much more ambitious - a movie based on the full text of the play, with an execution time of about four hours. With his "Henry V", Branagh claimed Olivier's crown as Shakespeare, the film's leader, confirming his claim with his brilliant "Much Ado about Nothing", a rare example of a great film based in a Shakespeare comedy. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare film as a director (he also starred as Iago in Oliver Parker's "Othello" in 1995) and, as one would expect, is very different from "Much Ado". The previous film, filmed in a village in the Tuscan hills and in the beautiful surrounding countryside, is a lively and summer film about all that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", in contrast, takes place in the depths of winter. (The flowers in Ophelia's description of death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the action going on in the summer). The look of the film is particularly impressive, both sumptuous and cold. It was filmed in Blenheim Palace, possibly the grandest manor house in England, but also quite imposing. The exterior snow scenes are cold and wintry; the formal and elaborate interiors. The action is updated in the mid-nineteenth century; the female characters use the elaborate fashions of that era, while the male principals wear splendid military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, where the interiors and costumes were deliberately moderate). The play is dominated by images of corruption and decadence; Branagh's intention may have been to contrast a splendid surface with the underlying "something rotten in the state of Denmark." <br /> <br /> The film is notable for the large number of great actor names, some of them very minor roles. (Blink, and you may miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, a cast of stars was demanded by the producer, who was nervous about a four-hour film. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams' Osric, did not really come out, but others, like Charlton Heston's King of the Players or Billy Crystal's First Digger, played their part very well. Yorick, usually seen only as a skull, is seen here in flashback, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, is cast against the likes of Ghost, and makes the scenes in which he looks genuinely scary. <br /> <br /> Of the main characters, perhaps the weakest was Ophelia, by Kate Winslet. The protagonist of Branagh in his first two Shakespeare films was his then wife, Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found myself wishing that Thompson had been cast for the role; though Winslet had devoted herself to Ophelia's crazy scenes, she seemed weak in the first moments when her character was still sensible. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in the Zeffirelli version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with a dignity greater than he usually receives, an experienced and wise counselor, rather than an old idiot. Julie Christie also brings dignity to the role of Gertrude; there is no attempt here, as there was with Gibson and Glenn Close in Zeffirelli's version, to suggest an incestuous bond between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is large enough to be credible as mother and son, which was certainly not the case for Close and Gibson. (Gertrude de Olivier, Eileen Herlie, was, strangely, thirteen years younger than he). Branagh stated that his intention to restore those scenes that are often cut into film versions was "to reinforce the idea that play is about a national and domestic tragedy." Much stress is laid on the war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras - subplot ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on national tragedy is perhaps best shown in the character of Claudius, sometimes interpreted as a one-dimensional villain. There is something about Derek Jacobi's performance, which suggests that Claudius could have been a good man under different circumstances, but that he allowed himself to be diverted by ambition and lust. He could have been a good and loyal servant of his brother, but chose to rule as a bad king. Though he is tormented by guilt, he does not see how to mend the wrong he has done. <br /> <br /> Branagh, a wonderfully fluent speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is superb in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old concept of Hamlet as indecisive, passive, and melancholic. He is an active, physical, and energetic Hamlet, somewhat better shown in his fatal duel with Laertes. Its guiding principle is not the tired desperation of the world, but an active dislike of evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> It was a bet for Branagh to make a four-hour epic, and the movie did not go well at the box office. It was, however, praised by many critics, James Berardinelli being particularly enthusiastic. My personal opinion is that, whatever the financial returns, Branagh's bet paid off in artistic terms. Concentrating on the full text, he was able to reveal the full meaning and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex piece. When I reviewed your "Much Ado", I said it was the biggest ever film of a Shakespeare comedy. His "Hamlet" may just be the all-time greatest film of a Shakespearean tragedy. 10/10
