The image of movie studios being driven financially rather than creatively is not without truth (in fact, it is truer than false). This raises the question why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a complete, uncut version of "Hamlet" with his complete creative control, among other things. Of course, Branagh had to agree to some concessions (a star-studded cast and a 2.5-hour version for a wider release), but why would the studio allow Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version that they knew few would see? Could they, at least in that case, have had enough respect for the material and Branagh's vision of creating something for just a few people? This is not an issue that I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious sight for those who are willing to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend much time on it. However, unlike other productions of the piece, including the stage, this is a completely uncut production that has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended that the piece be produced without cuts, leaving the decision on what to include at the discretion of the director. Having said that, I have no doubt that if he had been able to see it, the bard would have been very happy with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The film is super heavy with movie stars, although most have few parts. Everyone plays their part equally well. I would have thought that Branagh was too old to play Hamlet and, although he still is, his performance more than makes up for it. Hamlet is a complex part, displaying all the emotions, from sadness to anger, happiness to madness and everything. Branagh preached. Derek Jacobi is fantastic as the crafty Claudius, whose deception and betrayal puts all these things in motion; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the affectionate mother of Hamlet, who does not realize what is happening until the end of the game. <br /> <br /> The classic actors are molded into small pieces (Judi Dench is for everyone of 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, no one takes this seriously; everyone gives their all and shows. Special mention has to go to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little silly, but he's not bad (his part is pretty small anyway). <br /> <br /> However, this is undeniably the Branagh Parade. He adapted one of the most famous pieces of history and, in doing so, took on a whale of a project; It's amazing that he did it, but the fact that the movie is good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a Shakespeare scholar to have fun. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his cast understand that. "Hamlet" is still immensely nice to simply sit and listen to the actors deliver brilliant dialogue and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> This is a must see for anyone and everyone. It can last for four hours, but definitely worth it.
