First, which I did not like. The performance did not conform to Hamlet's standard. Branagh was really exaggerated, screaming a lot of the time. In my opinion, actors who were not well-known celebrities generally did a better job; although I was except for Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston too, but I was not sure he was joking at being a hack.) Many of the ambiguities in the piece were clearly solved in a way in the flashbacks. <br /> <br /> What I think speaks a lot in favor of this game is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is difficult to understand for the vast majority of people nowadays; many people are neither inclined to try, because of their reputation as Serious Literature and their archaic English. If they see this film, they will clearly understand at least one man's rendition of the play. They will be seeing it more as the Shakespearean audience saw: a play with swordfights and battles, and mighty kings and nobles, murder and incest, and evil schemes and ghosts - and great art, if one wants to look for it, but in O Shakespeare's day no more, more than most people do now. Branagh's exaggeration and his imposition of his interpretation of the story to the viewer may diminish Shakespeare's art a little, but it is better for modern audiences to get a piece of it instead of nothing. <br /> <br /> I have to say one more thing though. Some people are complaining that "it's set in the 19th century and that was not Shakespeare's time." Well, in Shakespeare's time his costume and scenery was the day itself for all his plays. Shakespeare may have said that it is in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or something else, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he wore the costumes of his own time. For the same reason, his plays are full of anachronisms. For example, in King John, the English and French have cannons - in the days of Robin Hood. In Julius Caesar they speak of chimneys, which would not have been invented for more than a thousand years, and in Henry IV they speak of Machiavelli, who had not yet been born at that time. So I guess that objection is silly - you can complain that the play is not in Danish (after all, they live in Denmark, do not you?).
