Still of school age, and having to learn Shakespeare almost constantly in the last four years (which is very discouraging for any writer, no matter how good), I really did not expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher put it on; I thought it would be the typical English class movie: bad acting, badly edited, badly edited and horrible and terrible dialogue, so as you can see, I was almost ready to go into a coma from the moment. However, I watched and, to my great upset, I found myself not only paying attention, but actually enjoying the movie as well. This Hamlet production is possibly one of the best drama films I have seen in a long time - and it really brings to life what I hope Shakespeare wanted his plays to be (well, with the difference that this is cinema) far better than my English teacher listening to the text could never. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is far from boring (though a bit hard to keep up with if you're not accustomed to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are executed with a skill that you would hope mainly, perhaps, due to the impressive number of appearances that this film has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as good as you expect these two veterans to be, even in such small parts, but Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger really stand out, giving these little parties an unexpected enthusiasm. , as well as offering some comic relief amid the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh stands out as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain needed for the role, but also a kind of sarcastic air that plays beautifully in the comic scenes, making the film as a whole much more watchable. The other great players are also good, but it's Kenneth Branagh who stands head and shoulders above the rest in the title role. <br /> <br /> Scenarios are also quite impressive, giving a refreshing change to the old castle corridors we are used to seeing in Shakespeare productions as well as a real sense of the country around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film, taken as a movie by itself, is not flawless, but it is not serious (rhythm is the only real problem I can think of on the spur of the moment, as well as the prose to who is not accustomed, as I said, the Shakespearean language), and especially when compared to the type of Shakespeare Productions I am accustomed to seeing in the classroom, it is really brilliant. It even made me rethink my typical teenage stance about Shakespeare, that his plays are boring (I came to the conclusion that it's not the boring plays, just the teachers who recite them in class). If only they made all their plays in movies like this, English students in schools everywhere could have a higher opinion of the Bard. <br /> <br />
