What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh has undertaken here and how well it has been done! This is the first filmed version of 'Hamlet' to use the full text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not do it just because 'it was there'. His intention, I believe, was to make the play accessible and comprehensible to the general spectator without blurring it, so to speak. In return, he asks spectators to do a little work, one fairly fair proposition and another that is a bargain. <br /> <br /> The setting is a 19th century European generic and this does more than function well, it maintains a modern or ancient look of possibly distracting from the work itself. Production design and cinematography, and both excellent, help immensely when you watch a four-hour movie. The cast of Branagh is once again inspired and the performance is the same. Directing carries out the heavy task of making a movie rather than a deluxe version of a piece. Since both 'Hamlet' is based on inner monologues and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. But everything Branagh tries to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / writers / directors, if not always the best, since he made his big hit with 'Henry V.' A pun I had with him was what I I saw it as a tendency to make it difficult at times. In his interpretation of Hamlet, he may be accused of this again, but there is a method in action. Let's face it, 'Hamlet' is not an easy job for the average person to understand and if someone has never seen it happen before, he or she needs help even if they have read the play. Hamlet has more lines than any Shakespearean character, and Branagh makes sure his viewers know what this man is thinking and feeling throughout the film, even if you do not know the literal meaning of every mysterious word. This performance by Branagh was at least worthy of an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding performances here that are almost too numerous to mention, but some of them must be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is superb, but even he gets behind Kate Winslet when it comes to handing out compliments. Her portrait of Ophelia is incredible in her depth of feeling, made only more remarkable by the knowledge that she was only 20 years old at the time! She seems the best young actress around. Other super performers in no particular order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. Honorable mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who manages to do his job here successfully. Even Billy Crystal like a gravedigger works. The only member of the cast that is not inexplicably Jack Lemmon. In the opening scene he appears, and while the other three actors do a great job at setting the tense mood, Lemmon looks like he's just passing the lines in the rehearsal as a favor. You know this must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, since everything else about the movies screams that it's the work of a perfectionist. <br /> <br /> Do not be factious when talking about a four-hour movie, but it seems a little too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a little, if I can be so bold, and a little judicious pruning would be welcome. <br /> <br /> Did I forget anything besides Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt I did. I will summarize by saying that Kenneth Branagh may have made the definitive version of 'Hamlet', and it will be a truly monumental production that surpasses that.
