Moonchild is a very difficult film to categorize. It's easier to think of it as several snapshots of the lives of the two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang in a multicultural city of the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other people, and this is one of the places where this movie is different from Anything else I've heard. He does not get involved with the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that has to be treated like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks that look cool and just do not work, which leaves the movie with a lovely feeling of not taking itself too seriously most of the time. > <br /> The other area that really stood out for me are the languages. The fictional town of Mallepa contains several cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they should speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese with each other, but the Chinese talk about characters of Chinese descent. Possibly, the most fun exchange involves an Australian and is conducted in English. The actors of the four arguably major characters have three separate mother tongues between them and speak varying levels of each other's tongues, so it's quite a feat that the film was made. Which, I suppose, leads me to the main actors. Much has to do with the fact that the film stars two of Japan's greatest rockers, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese star Lee-hom Wang. , either to praise them for their acting or to criticize them or simply fangirl about them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best at playing a straightforward and realistic character. However, any lack of acting ability on the part of Gackt is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is prone to be overly dramatic. I was not sure if Hyde's character should be as sullen and sarcastic as he came across, but that does not really lessen the movie anyway. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that take a rather melodramatic tone. which makes it difficult for them to affect me very emotionally (although this does not seem to prevent many people). I found it best to just enjoy the movie for what it is and do not take it too seriously - it's perfect to hang out with and watch with a group of friends. It has its flaws, but overall it was very nice and I recommend it to anyone who does not mind some captions.
