Based on Gackt's idea, Moon Child took place in a poor country called Mallepa. In a futuristic timeline, the story followed the lives of the two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) and their friends growing up together. <br /> <br /> Although some actions may be overly done or maybe humorous I strongly believed that this is a movie about friendship. Even among all the difficulties between each character, in the end, each of them wanted to have someone on their side, to have friends. <br /> <br /> Unlike most vampire characters, Kei played a vampire who hated the idea of ​​having to kill to live. A vampire found friendship in the hand of a boy, Sho, who is not afraid of Kei. Regardless of what some might have thought, I see Kei as a paternal figure for Sho. Kei was there throughout Sho's previous life, he took care of him and taught him to live in a world where gang power controls their lives. On the other hand, Sho, who perhaps can be seen as a young innocent enthusiastic style, he grew up to be a man who realized that life is not all about fun and games, that death exists and able to take away his loved ones I love the part in which Lee Hom, the actor who played Son, first appeared on screen. The way they met was really cool. Son also has a large part within this film, the fact that he is from a different breed, a Taiwanese, has made a big impact on the theme of friendship within the film. The way friendships were developed despite background differences was portrayed in an excellent way in this film. <br /> <br /> I believed every actor did a great job, considering that this was their first time in a big screen movie. Both HYDE and Gackt managed to perform very well and created very credible characters. Unlike the movies that had musicians turned actors and filled the film with songs, they did great acting jobs! Moon Child really made an impact for me, gave the friendships a new meaning and consideration, that we have to enjoy every friendship in our lives. The film shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, that there is always hope. Life can be cruel, it seems that hope no longer exists. It also shows a strong sense of friendship between them, even when the son became the enemy, Sho had some kind of "fun" in his last battle. Each of them wanted peace in the end, no matter how far away they were. The final scene showed us.
