The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees a departure from Poe and for the realm of the science fiction series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, creator of a device that can capture rays of light through his telescope in the Carpathian mountains and translate them into images that form a visual story of the universe. Before several guests, including Lugosi as Dr. Benet, an astro-chemist who had ridiculed Rukh's theories, he demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radium X" , contained in a meteor that fell to Earth in darker Africa thousands of years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but the Radium X is a complicated compound - it raises mountains over long distances and cures blindness at close range. Rukh is careless, however, and poisons himself, shining in the dark like those old Ready Breck ads! Benet is on hand to invent a counter-active for radiation, but the combination of poison and healing leads Rukh to be insanely paranoid. Convinced that he was deceived, he looks for the members of the expedition in Paris, including his estranged wife, and his own touch while in his radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> old pseudo-scientific idea that the eyes of a dead person record the image of his killer (a remarkably distinct Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically melt statues representing the members of the expedition. And even a touch of James Whale in a cockney owner in Paris! <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray is very entertaining, apart from the gothic opening it is interesting to see Universal change the action to Africa and Paris. The movie has no rhythm but is always absorbing. Karloff outdoes his performance a little, but Lugosi is fantastic. Universal used the basic outline of the story again in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as the brilliant threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a much crazier doctor than Lugosi is here. Invisible Ray is a dark and clever little movie with lots to admire. Not as famous as other Universal Horrors, maybe, but it works and it's a lot of fun.
