The horror gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reasons for any Genre lover to watch a movie, and while being the most convincing, they are not the only reason to watch this particular small science fiction / horror. While Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" of 1936 scarcely shares the glow of other contemporary films starring Karloff ("Frankenstein," "Bride Of Frankenstein," "The Mummy" ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie "," Island of Lost Souls "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven "...), this is undoubtedly a very entertaining film that no lover of cult cinema must consider Compared to other photos of Universal Horror, the plot seems a bit silly, but in a delicious way, Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film still profits with great scenery and a great photograph. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to examine the past through a telescope, and discovers that a meteor has hit Earth thousands of years ago, surprised by Rukh's invention, the celebrated French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) invites him to participate in an expedition to find the meteor. Rukh makes a discovery that is capable of causing great beneficence and great destruction ... It is somewhat strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist here while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they Both are excellent as usual. As far as I'm concerned, these two Horror Deities probably could have been shot by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would have done something about it - or the man is an icon of the Horror genre, and seeing them together is a treat for all fans of the genre. Incidentally, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually taller than Karloff. Frances Drake makes an excellent female lead in her role as Dr. Rukh's beautiful young wife. The rest of the performances are also good, if not particularly worthy of mention. In addition to the cast of Karloff and Lugosi, the movie's greatest qualities are probably the atmosphere due to great settings and photographs, as well as the wonderfully extravagant and highly entertaining storyline. My main complaint is that I wish I had more screen time for Lugosi, and that his role had a little more meaning. He is fantastic as ever, but his role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully entertaining film that should satisfy all lovers of classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema, and a must-visit for all my fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans.
