The horror movies of the 1930s that are best remembered are always those of Dracula and Frankenstein; and there's a good reason for that, but there have been a number of minor but excellent productions, and The Invisible Ray is certainly one of them. The plot is not particularly original and similar plots have been seen many times before (even in 1936), but the way everything is assembled is certainly very imaginative and director Lambert Hillyer has created a very cool little original horror film. The plot focuses on the good heart Dr. Janos Rukh; a man who discovered a way to re-create Earth's history. His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa, and so he leaves along with a team of esteemed colleagues to find him. Nevertheless, the tragedy reaches the expedition and the good doctor ends up being exposed to the element; which makes him shine in the dark, and also drives him crazy ... <br /> <br /> The biggest attraction of the film is undoubtedly the starring of the two greatest horror stars of his time - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi, and both give excellent performances. Karloff really shows how good an actor he is and his character has a lot of flesh for Karloff to impress. Bela Lugosi has a role that is extremely different from what we are accustomed to seeing it, and is also a great performance of it; It's good to see a bit of Lugosi's versatility. The movie starts very slowly; but things soon begin to pick up. The second half of the movie is the best and it really is when the film gets exciting and Karloff gets a chance to shine (literally). The film does not focus on great special effects and depends largely on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; and works very well. The film remains interesting and boils down to a very decent climax that involves everything very well. Overall, The Invisible Ray may not be one of the best horror movies of the thirties; but it is very good and comes recommended.
