The story of Ned Kelly has been embroiled in myths and exaggerations for time out of hand, and this film is no exception. What makes sure that Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he made to balance the cops who pursued him. During several battles, he marched using beaten iron plates, of which bullets available to the police at the time would go uselessly. In fact, it's only because there were some sparkling sparks among the Victorian police, who noticed that he had not put his legs out for him to be captured and hanged. The story has been told in Australian schools and stories for so long that some permutations of the story, ironically, have become boring. The more stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention. <br /> <br /> That's where this adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about Kelly's legend, stands out. Rather than try to portray a Ned Kelly who is as insensitive as the armor he wore, the film quickly establishes him as a human being. In fact, the reversal of popular legend, showing the corruption of the Victorian police and the unsustainable situation of settlers, makes this film stand out from the crowd. Here Ned Kelly is simply a human being living in a time and place where, to be convicted of murder, someone simply had to be the closest person to the body when a police officer found him. No, I'm not making this up. The only area the film misses is exaggerating the Irish versus English mentality of battles. While the Kelly gang was distinctly Irish, Australia has been a place where people of varied ethnicities have blended almost perfectly (a scene with some Chinese migrants highlights this). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does an incredible job of embodying Australia's most famous outlaw. It's only because of the fame he found in other films that audiences know they're watching Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not seem completely lost without his bow, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as the leader of the Glenrowan police contingent will show why he is one of the most revered actors on that desolate little island. State. But it's Naomi Watts, appearing as Julia Cook, who has a little butt in that movie. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you do not know it by the minimum screen time she gets here. In fact, many of the film's fifty-ten minutes seem more lyophilized than exploitive. Once the element of police corruption is established, in fact, the film shoots so fast that sometimes it seems almost rushed. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the movie's strengths are not capitalized. Rush barely gets more time on the screen than his name on opening and closing credits. The same goes for Watts, and the rest of the cast comes out a bit like mannequins. I can only conclude that another fifteen, or even thirty minutes of filming may have solved that. But that leads to another problem, where lack of depth or background for characters other than the titular hero leaves the events of the story with zero impact. One scene manages to do the speech well, but unfortunately, everything becomes a collage of moments without calling after a while. If anyone believed the impression this movie creates, a matter of weeks, even days, passes between the time Ned Kelly becomes a man sought by a corrupt cop and the infamous Glenrowan shooting. Annoyingly, the judgment and execution of Ned Kelly is not even described here, simply referred to in subtitles before the credits. <br /> <br /> That said, in addition to some shaky cameras sometimes, Ned Kelly manages to portray some exciting shootings and has a good start. For that reason, I rated it seven out of ten. Other critics were not so gracious, so if you're not impressed with shootings with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than a full-body armor in a colonial shooting?), Then you'd better look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more factual account of the life of Ned Kelly.
