Okay, look at the people who assemble these DVD collections of horror acting legends: I really am grateful and greatly support the initiative, but ?? Have you watched the movies before selecting them as part of the collection? When I bought Boris Karloff's collection, there were several films in which the star only played a supporting and non-essential role ("Tower of London", "The Strange Gate"). "The Invisible Ray", however, is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here is really Boris Karloff who dazzles Bela! This really would have been a great title for the Boris Karloff collection! The character of Bela Lugosi is possibly the most humorous and sincere he has ever portrayed throughout his career and the good old Karloff actually plays the crazy and dangerously obsessed scientist here. "The Invisible Ray" features three main chapters. The first one, set in the Carpathian castle of Dr. Janos Rukh, is very annoying and requires a lot of patience from the viewer, but of course the character designs and the subject matter discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to some eminent colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays inside a device of his own manufacture. The scientists are sincerely impressed with their work and invite Rukh and his lovely wife Diane to an expedition in the heart of Africa. There Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical radius and goes completely crazy after being exposed to the meteorite itself. The third and final act is obviously the best and most horrible, since it revolves around a good old fashioned killing with ingenious tricks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff shines in the dark and, convinced that others are out to steal his discovery and even his life, he intends to eliminate them using his mortal touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" seems quite complicated, but the film is easy to follow and fun. The story is rather exaggerated, but even so, director Lambert Hillyer offers several moments of pure suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and Lugosi too, although he deserves to have a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together are the highlights of the film, along with the funky images of brilliant Boris.
