Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but overall (curiously enough) Karloff is usually the best man of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff is playing the evil head of a demonic cult, and Lugosi is seeking revenge for him for destroying his life. But the most common is "Black Friday," where (whatever his motive) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery, while Lugosi is a killer bandit. In "The Raven," Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon, who blackmails Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff has finally had enough. Rarely are they both totally negative characters. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi is trying to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception in which both are extremely friendly, but with cross purposes each other, is this 1936 film, which I feel has rarely had public acceptance of some of the other films I mentioned. In it, dr. Janos Rukh of Karloff is a serious science genius who has been ridiculed by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of Radio is in Nigeria in a meteorite that landed centuries ago. He finally got the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi) and has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukh's young wife, Diane. (Frances Drake) and a friend and protégé of the Stevenses named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before they leave, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he is possibly seeking wisdom he should not and this may end in tragedy. He tries to ignore this but is worried about what she says, her scientific stance and whether or not she will get her due credit. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds the substance but is infected by the remarkable radioactivity. He discovers that he is slowly burning, and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. He actually built a friendship or understanding with Benet, who discovers a kind of radioactive combat cocktail for Rukh to use to counter the danger. But there are two things that can not be beat here. The antidote can only last for a certain time and must be replenished. And the radioactivity affected Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, sadly by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is equally upset that (due to having to pretend to have died - the effects of radioactivity are like this) Benet and several others are collecting the praises of the wonders Radium X is giving to man. Soon Rukh is in a murderous rage that destroys many lives, ending with his own. <br /> <br /> The film certainly caught the science to some extent. Madame Curie had recently died of cancer that she acquired due to her work with Radium. Few fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some idea was coming out. Rukh's wave of murders made the newspapers talk about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (on the African continent) by a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by a titled English, we entered into non-physical or geological archeology (Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon pagination). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of the series of deaths and reverts to an idea that was demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retinas of several of the dead victims to be photographed to see if the last image in the retinas was Jack the Ripper. Turns out he only got the photographs of the retinas of dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Benet uses it. As this is a science fiction story, he finds the image of Rukh on the plate, but Benet accidentally releases the plate and it shatters. <br /> <br /> The movie is good in many ways, the most interesting thing is that a change Karloff and Lugosi are not unfriendly to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is lacking in his other films. The other performances are also good, especially Ms. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as the scary sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield." Here her last act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say that she has not hurt her more than her target.
