There is no doubt that during the 1930s the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have become a sure guarantee of outstanding performances in high-quality horror films. After being Universal's "first monster" in the seminal classic "Dracula," Bela Lugosi became the ultimate horror villain thanks to his elegant style and foreign accent (unfortunately, this latter factor also led him to be molded during the 1940s). Similarly, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" made him the man he looked for when he wanted a good monster. Of course, it was natural for these icons to end up sharing the screen, and the film that linked them together was "The Black Cat," 1934. This formula would be repeated in several films throughout the decade, and the director Lambert Hillyer, "The Invisible Ray," is another of those smaller classics they did in those years. "The Invisible Ray," Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device capable of showing scenes of our planet's past captured in rays of light from the Andromeda galaxy. By showing his invention to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), they discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor struck what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues on an expedition to Africa, searching for the landing place of the mysterious meteor. This expedition will not be beneficial to Rukh, as during the expedition his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an experienced hunter brought by the Stevens to aid them in their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on this trip, as he will be changed forever after being exposed to the invisible lightning bolt of the meteor. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously did the screenplay for "London Werewolf"), "The Invisible Ray" had its roots in an original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since this was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of emphasis on the terror side of his story, playing very effectively with the archetypal mad scientist and adding a good deal of melodrama to spice things up. One element that makes "The Invisible Ray" stand out among other horror films of that era is the way Colton plays morality through history. That is, there are not exactly heroes and villains in the classic style, but people who make decisions and then face the consequences of those choices. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsessions, guilt, and revenge. A seasoned director of low-budget B movies, filmmaker Lambert Hillyer had the chance to make 3 films for A Universal Pictures when the legendary studio was facing serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience working with limited resources, Hillyer's films have always been beautiful, despite budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. Although far from the elegant gothic atmosphere of Universal's earlier horror films, Hillyer's film effectively captures the essence of Colton's script, as he gives the film a dark and morbid mood more in tone with detective novels than with simple fiction scientific basis. Finally, a word must be said about using Hillyer's special effects: for an extremely low budget film, they look much better than the various films of the era. <br /> <br /> As always a film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances by these legends are of an extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his portrayal of a man so blinded by devotion to his work that he can not see the evil he unleashes. Like his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, stealing all the scenes in which he is and showing the underrated actor he was. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, really helping her character become more than a damsel in distress. Still, two of the highlights of the film are performances by Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh, and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, while the two actresses make the most of their limited screen time, making their supporting roles unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but nothing surprising when compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If someone judges this movie under the standards of today, it is very easy to dismiss it as another cheap science fiction movie. with bad special effects and carelessly disordered pseudoscience. However, this would be a mistake, because despite its low budget, it is remarkably well done for its time. Moreover, considering that the film was made when the nuclear era was about to begin and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, his ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are frighteningly accurate. One noteworthy final thing is the interesting way the script deals with the relationships between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsessive Dr. Rukh and the cold Dr. Benet as this allows for great scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> Although neither the gothic expressionism of the films "Frankenstein" nor the elegant suspense of "The Black Cat", "The Invisible Ray" by Lambert Hillyer is definitely a small classic among the catalog of Universal Pictures. horror movies. With one of the most interesting horror scripts of the 1930's, this mixture of suspense, horror and science fiction is a severely underrated gem that has so far offered a good deal of entertainment courtesy of two of the most incredible actors that the horror genre ever had : Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
