Karloff and Lugosi - Together Again! This is one of those movies that casual fans will go through and tend to dislike so much. It's not a total horror movie like the two previous successes of the duo, The Black Cat and The Raven. But, it's very worthy of the talents of both and it's a fun movie when re-visited. Invisible Ray was directed by Lambert Hillyer, a director who made mostly westerns, but curiously in these last days of Laemmles' reign at Universal, he found himself directing this and the last horror film of the Laemmles, Daughter of Dracula. Both are crisp and clean fantasies that are very light in terms of horror, despite the fantastic elements. Just as Lugosi went wild in The Raven, much needs to be said about Karloff having used The Invisible Ray. The only aspect of the story that is particularly unsatisfactory is that Karloff's character, Rukh, acts so madly before being poisoned by Radium X, there really is not much change when it starts to shine. This is very much like the complaint people have about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - He's basically a nutcase from the start. There is no real transformation. The same here. Halfway through Karloff simply has an additional purpose for revenge in his mind. I still liked his performance, just as I did Lugosi's exaggerated pranks on The Raven. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Lugosi surprises you completely and takes a thoughtful and restrained turn as Rukh's rival in science. Dr. Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the film, including a memorable warning to the police trying to get Rukh, of which I'm in line with horror writer John Soister - "What if he (Rukh) touches someone?" the inspector asks. Lugosi hesitantly replies, in a way that only Lugosi could give: "They die." Just as Lugosi could be so far away, he could also be more perfect than any actor. This is one of those moments. <br /> <br /> So the interactions of Karloff and Lugosi are all very good as we get the crazy antics of Karloff against the cold logic of Lugosi. Karloff would continue to play similar crazy scientists many times, but Lugosi wished to play such more direct roles. He only had one more chance (Ninotchka). <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray is a fun movie and a real treat for the real fans of Karloff and Lugosi. It's one of those films that improves on every performance, not because it's a masterpiece, but because of the charisma and talent of its stars and how this story complements the darkest and most horrible pairs they've had. The special effects, by the always innovative John Fulton, are great and the supporting actors are all appropriate. Frances Drake looks as beautiful as Mad Love and plays a strong woman, something rarely seen in classic horror movies. The scene at the end when Karloff pursues her and she does not scream is one of the most amazing moments of the film. A great fun movie!
