I'm sure many people outside of Australia have never heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about the man, but it was the only time I saw or heard anything about him. And I think this may be the biggest problem that this movie will have to face. No one knows anything about it and probably many people will not care about it. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived in northwest Victoria for life, but has never been very well received by the authorities. The police always accuse him of everything they can think of and continue to persecute his family. When Kelly is fed up with how it all happens, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even kidnap an entire city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a man hunt organized by the police and when they kill three policemen, they are banned. Finally they take a pub in Glenrowan, where they feast with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police to disrupt a part of the lane that they tore. But the train is able to stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle over life and death between the police and the four gunmen ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to say if all that is shown in the movie is true or false. I guess no one really knows because there will always be two camps that will tell their own truth: a camp says he was a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, the others will say he was a common criminal, a murderer and a thief . . I really could not tell which one is right, maybe both are, but what I can say is that the facts in the film, as well as the documentary, are the same. <br /> <br /> Film was a good addition to the documentary I saw once and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts and Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even the lesser-known actors show in this production that everyone knows how good acting should be. I really liked this movie and I gave it a 7.5 / 10
