Having borrowed this movie from the local library a few weeks ago with the intention of seeing it originally or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally got to see Sayonara this morning. In this, Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general who was raised in a certain way, being transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend, Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens), conveniently is. Before leaving, he tries to persuade one of his men, Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to marry Japanese Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), as this violates military fraternization laws. With his romance and Eileen in the outs, however, Ace not only becomes the best man in the marriage of Joe and Katsumi, he falls in love with an Asian after him and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go out on the town and watch headlining artist Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself is dating one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen herself seems to have a costume for one of Kabuki's artists, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I stop there and say that this was a rather compelling drama about the prejudices about American-Asian romance, which was very touching from beginning to end. Even seeing the Hispanic Montalban playing an Oriental is not too embarrassing (although it's good that his part is short). And there are some humorous touches like Brando's head hitting the top of Button and Umeki's entrance more than once. Red and Miyoshi deserve their Oscar, especially Red, with their defiant and proud emotions everywhere. Rookie Garner, before being cast in her legendary role on the TV series "Marverick," is well into her scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka shows great restraint in her initial characterization as an anti-American. Although I have read some changes from James Michener's novel, I can not imagine director Josha Logan, who had already adopted another work by Michener on the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and would end up doing it in a movie too, not staying true to the source original. It certainly provided some inspiration for the final scenes, which made the painful tragedy earlier in the film a somewhat necessary twist. Some production numbers may have made the film a bit long, but on the other hand, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience of the 1950s customs that permeated America and Japan at the time.
