There are few movies that leave me with the feeling that the film 'Ned Kelly' by Gregor Jordan did. Initially I had only heard half-hearted recommendations, and decided to see for myself. Since then, I have acquired both the video and the soundtrack, and I have to say that after several performances, I am still very impressed by the underlying character of this film. It's also wonderful to see something Australian! I appreciate their actual quality, which if you ask me is a rarity as well as the absence of grip that takes so many movies. This film proves that you do not necessarily need extravagant costumes and a glamor set that will absorb how many millions of dollars to make a point. The cast was a bonus, including a variety of well-known people, and I might add, beautiful people who did well in taking on the role of such special characters. It is interesting to note that many of the criticisms about this movie were about who touched what and how they said just so many lines. However, if any criticism is due, it should focus constructively on the fact that several basic elements of the original events have been excluded. In fact, this worked to make it the hallmark of Australian history. For example, on closer examination, one could discover that there was much, much more in the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt, and that this was in fact responsible for much more of the final results for the gang than those explored in the film . Also overlooked was the fact that it was not just the efforts of Aaron Sheritt, who provided the Victorian police with their perceptions of the unfolding mystery. Yes, this is their interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes modification of the original plot to attract the attention of the viewer. I feel that in this case, this is the only limitation. However, I can accept that perhaps historical accuracy is important only to those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. This certainly inspired me to look more closely. So observe and decide for yourself. You may not like this, that's your opinion, and that's fine. Maybe it's a movie that pleases a lot to an Australian audience? For me, I would say it's a breath of fresh air!
