Due to reading negative reviews and friends who did not believe in how bad it was, I did not go to see this movie in the movies. After watching it on DVD, I have to say that I regret it now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I dare say it's a good movie. I liked. <br /> <br /> People have skulls thicker than Ned's helmet if they're going to watch a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the true story behind most movies based on historical figures, there is usually a huge difference between the fact and the fictional portrait. I do not think Ganghis Kahn has ever been portrayed even close to historical facts. What kind of man Ned Kelly really was is a matter of debate, and quite passionate it seems. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories tell a lot about those who tell and listen to them, as they do about the figure itself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because it represents the aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society in which there is no disagreement or challenge to authority is crazier and more dangerous than any bushranger. <br /> <br /> So, not expecting this to be a precise re-creation of the historic Kelly gang, I actually found a film surprise unimpeded and refreshing. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately not anywhere as tacky as it could have been; for my fellow Australians, watch 'The Lighthorseman' and you'll see what I mean (it's a shame the way the story was treated so badly). Perhaps the love business could have been abandoned for a little more detail in other areas, such as the soldiers' shooting. Ironically, I really enjoyed the movie because of that because it would be those details that most of the focus on Ned's story would reside. And they are the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different points of view given by the various historians. <br /> <br /> This movie will always struggle, having a commitment to appeal to a global film market (to pay for the pills) and the legend as it means to the Australians; maybe a bit of Ned's spirit is in this movie because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately missed the two targets. Fortunately, it was a delightful quirk of a movie. For me, it was an unexpected movie about Ned, and that's why I liked it. The performance of Orlando Bloom did a lot for the movie as well - it really added something. I think he would have liked to be the monster instead of the handsome elf for a change. <br /> <br /> When you consider some other movies that are much worse than this, your opinion on this movie should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas instead of Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River at any time.
