I rented this movie from Netflix for two reasons - I was in the mood for what I thought would be a silly 50s science fiction movie and because it's the first full-length feature film. Needless to say, after about 15 minutes, I found myself completely wrapped up and very pleasantly surprised. <br /> <br /> An experimental oil well has penetrated about six miles into the earth and is being shut down by the sponsor. Lois and Clark appear to get the spoon but are disappointed that the deepest pit ever drilled will no longer be in operation. A day later, strange events at the pit make for a story more appropriate to Superman than Clark Kent. It seems that the radioactive molehands have invaded their 10-kilometer deep house near the center of the Earth. Super-men and mole-men are a simplistic but well-made piece of social realism. Launched in 1951, starring a leading actor who served in World War II, the moral of the story seems to be that Americans are just as capable of becoming fascists as anyone else. To take that point home in a typically straight-forward way from Superman, Reeves even accuses lynching of hunting the Mole Men to be "Nazis" at some point. <br /> <br /> Even in the 1950s, the science underlying this film was nonexistent. Six kilometers of drilling through the continental crust would not even have penetrated the upper mantle, let alone the "hollow center of the earth" - which, anyway, does not exist. Forgive - keep in mind that this movie is based on a comic book of the golden age. <br /> <br /> The film is a bit unbalanced. Although the Molemen are interesting, somewhat chilling and well portrayed, there are several scenes from Corman-esquire that spend a lot of time redundantly showing us their strange behavior. The script is smart and economical. By today's standards, clothing is poor to fair, but for the time, the special effects and clothing of this film were very good. The cinematography is also generally very good, and the acting is much better than one might expect. I was particularly impressed with Reeves, Jeff Corey and Walter Reed.
