It must have been several years after it was released, so I do not know why it was in the movies. But as a kid I liked it. I just found a Superman VHS tape and the Mole Men at the flea market and decided to watch it again (it's been a lot of years). I was not expecting much, now knowing how the B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the film very watchable and the acting of everyone else. The usual performance in these films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman went from sequence to sequence and could have kicked all his asses in the beginning, because then the story would have ended, right? OK, the soft men's suits were mushy and not too scary (they did not scare me as a child). However, making concessions to the likely low budget for the fund and the costumes, was a job well done by all. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Old Ranger of Death Valley Days and many supporting roles in TV westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald has played old Pop and has always been a great supporting actor in more movies than I can tell. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces from other films as well. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to get King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl rolling the ball to the mole-men like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the mole men were famous as well. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, it was Munchkin who gave Dorothy the lollipop, was in an episode of Seifeld and a wealth of other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, was one of the friends he met for the star in Incredible Shrinking Man, he participated in a movie I just picked up at a flea market titled My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth. , Wizard of Oz and many other parts - great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was undoubtedly wonderful in the play and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent was Superman. He did a great job playing the strong man. Bottom line for all I've said is that this movie is worth watching because of the cast and writing on dealing with a very fragile idea for a movie. But it was the 50s and everything was possible from intruders from outer space to wet the men of the inner space. It is definitely worth seeing, there is not a bad actor in the group. Who put the cast together was very, very happy to have so many talented actors in a B movie. Some already had a lot of experience and some were about to get a wealth of experience - but everyone was talented. So if you get the chance to see the movie, forget the dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is this a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good old-fashioned movie to enjoy!
