*** SPOILERS *** Also, both in real life and in movies, it is a family story that happens to many young people who are placed in a war zone with a gun or rifle in their hands. The young and innocent case of never manipulating or firing a gun, Jimmy Davis, Franchot Tone, has been repeated thousands of times over the centuries, when men like Jimmy Davis are forced to take up arms for their country. > Jimmy, who initially wanted to be expelled from the US Army, but was encouraged to be gagged by his good friend Fred P. Willis, Spencer Tracy, who ended up on the front line. France. With Jimmy's unit trapped by a nest of German machine guns, he alone put her out of commission, removing about half a dozen German soldiers from the safety of a nearby church tower. That was when Jimmy shot the last German survivor, who raised his arms in surrender, an artillery grenade hit the belfry severely injuring him. Recovering from his injuries at an army hospital Jimmy fell in love with volunteer US Army Nurse Rose Duffy, Gladys George. Rose was really in love with Jimmy's good friend, happy Fred, in spite of his unpleasant pranks on her. It's when Fred was lost during the West Front fight that Rose, thinking he was dead, fell in love and later married Jimmy. When Fred unexpectedly appeared in the French town where Jimmy, now fully recovered from his wounds, was parked, things became very difficult for him and Rose, who had already accepted Jimmy's marriage proposal for her! <br /> <br /> With World War II and Jimmy getting married, Rose left Fred, who is still in love with her, a bitter and resentful young man. It was almost by chance that Fred met Jimmy on the streets of New York and discovered, to his surprise, that he had completely changed the meek and nonviolent person he knew before being sent to war on the Western European Front. . Presumptuous and self-assured, and his ability to fire a gun, Jimmy became a mafioso in the underworld of New York! Not only that, but as Fred later found out that his wife Rose had no idea what Jimmy was actually involved with Jimmy telling him that he works as a law-abiding and harmless follower. <br /> <br /> Jimmy's life of crime came. A complete circle when Rose, after she discovered about her secret life, turned him over to police to stop him from running a "Valentine's Day" as a massacre with his gang members dressed as police officers of their rival mobsters. While at the trial, Jimmy fell on himself and admitted his guilt, willing to face the music and, after his sentence of three years, regain his life. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ALERT *** Hearing rumors from convicted colleagues that Rose and her best friend Fred were having a case on their back Jimmy ran away from prison and ran away from the law. It's at Fred's circus, where he works as both manger and barker, that Jimmy seeing that Rose and Fred were loyal to him and that, as in his trial, had a sudden change of heart. But the thought of going back to prison, with at least another ten years, added to his sentence, it was too much for Jimmy! It was then that Jimmy decided to end it all, letting the police who followed him do the work, which he himself did not have the courage to do, for him!
