In the aftermath of Watergate, a series of conspiracy films appeared, like this one, written by the late Adam Kennedy (based on his novel). Gene Hackman plays Vietnam veteran Roy Tucker, a loser who ended up in prison. He is visited by Marvin Tagge (Richard Widmark), who claims to represent an organization designed to help the wrongfully convicted. They offer him freedom and, despite being wary of Tagge, he accepts. But he brings a fellow cell named Spiventa (Mickey Rooney). Exactly why it's hard to see, since Spiventa is an annoying little man who leaves Tucker crazy with a lingering conversation about sex, not what you want to hear when you're behind the bars. <br /> <br /> Tagge's benefactors kill Spiventa before Tucker's eyes stunned. She is not sure what to do with her, but Ellie (Candice Bergen) has a new identity (strangely, he does not try to change her appearance. Shaving that cheese mustache would have been a start), he calms down, but finds out there is a catch - Tagge wants Tucker does nothing less than assassinate the president of the United States. He refuses, so Tagge has kidnapped Ellie ... <br /> <br /> I'll leave the synopsis here, but I'm sure you can guess the rest by yourself. The script has enough plot holes to make you want to read the book (cool trick it!). The people that Tagge represents are never revealed. The allusions to the death of J.F.K. are unmistakable. Despite the conclusions of the Warren Commission, the doubt about whether Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone persists to this day. <br /> <br /> This was Stanley Kramer's first film in years, and while there is no turkey, he does not have control of say, John Frankenheimer, "The Manchurian Candidate," by Alan J.Pakula, "The Parallax View ". Being a left-wing conspiracy film, he tends to get around the subject instead of getting familiar with it. I prefer the right ones - they're funnier! 'Domino' looks like a made-for-TV movie, and features what should be the easiest escape in prison in movie history not to mention a copped ending of Michael Caine's classic 'Get Carter'. <br /> <br /> What makes it watchable are Gene Hackman and Richard Widmark. The latter, who unfortunately passed away earlier this year, is superb as the mysterious Tagge, who initially seems to be behind the operation until he is also ruthlessly eliminated, initiating a chain of deaths designed to remove all traces of evidence as one by one. perpetrators of this evil plot fall - as well as dominoes. Like Tucker, the innocent pawn, Hackman is wonderful. You have to wonder why he chose to hide in such an obvious place. In his shoes, I would have fled to the other side of the world, anywhere to get away from these fanatics. Hackman's love scenes with Bergen delay the plot, and it's almost a relief when she's taken. Presumably the producers also thought the same, which explains why it opens with a bizarre prologue setting the whole premise of the film - dubbed by the British actor Patrick Allen - warning the audience that "they" are out there, and that "they" are outside us. Comedian Les Dawson later faked that opening in his B.B.C. show 'The Dawson Watch'. <br /> <br /> Mickey Rooney had already worked with Kramer on 'It's a crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy world.' His 'death' scene here resembles an exit from that picture, with the actor looking as if he had been bitten by a wasp rather than being shot to death. <br /> <br /> Conspiracy films used to be made only by the left. , but now the right is taking action too. Last year, 'Taking Liberties,' an absurd mix of lies and half-truths about Tony Blair's government turned out to be the British response to Reefer Madness. At least 'Domino' had a lovely Candice Bergen. The best movie that Chris Atkins could offer was Anne Widdecombe! Surprisingly, 'The Domino Principle' was made by Sir Lew Grade, the legendary British television tycoon behind 'The Saint', 'Jesus Of Nazareth'. and 'The Muppet Show'. He worked with Adam Kennedy again in 1980 on "Raise The Titanic!" Whose failure was so great that it sank Grid's ambitions to be the new Louis B. Meyer. Being a little open-minded, I would not rule out the possibility of a conspiracy.
