I used to watch it on HBO, Showtime or Cinemax during the summer of the mid 90's when my parents signed up for these channels. I have come across this several times in various parts and have always found it dark, bizarre and fascinating. I was young then, in early adolescence; and now, years later, after discovering the great Arliss Howard and being surprised by "Big Bad Love", I bought the "Wilder Napalm" DVD and re-watched it with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I just loved it! I was really impressed and affected by it. There are so many dynamic complexities of fluids and intelligence in camera and cinematography movements; All of this combines perfectly with the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three protagonists, their story, the music and all the other actors as well. It's truly "cinematic." I love the subtle intensity of Arliss Howard, ambivalent force and hidden intelligence, I'm a big fan of anything he does; and their interaction with the manic joy of Debra Winger (they are, of course, married) has that enchanting magical reality that passes through the camera. (I wonder if they watch this on wedding anniversaries? ... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it; it's brilliant.) And, Dennis Quaid in make-up Clown Full, Sneaky, Angled, Hidden and Shown by Shooting Selection and Full Flowered Delivery is the kind of pure dark movie magic you do not see too often. Quaid always had a sinister quality to me, anyway, with that huge mouth open, hiding behind his flickering eyes, ready to loosen up like mischievous charm or devilish strangeness (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have the insane fire behind their eyes to take their marvelous and intense inner trappings of gunmen in a dark and cold way. In fact, the entire film has a legally cold energy and hip intensity. It really is a fantastic film, brought together by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all parties involved. I really can not imagine how this was financed, and this seems very expensive to me, for such a conventional, unimaginative system, but I thank God that films like this go through the system from time to time. In an excellent way, with all its carnival colors, hip intelligence, distorted sincere humor and fascinating chemistry, this reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... Now, this is a compliment in my book!
