At the height of the 'Celebrity Big Brother' line of racism in 2007 (involving Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I condemned in an internet forum those 'CBB'. fans who praised the show after years of beating 70's "racist" sitcoms such as "Curry & Chips" and "Love Thy Neighbor." I thought they were being hypocritical, and I said that. 'Not half hot mom' was then played in the discussion, with some pointing out that had starred a blackened English actor. Well, yes, but Michael Bates lived in India as a boy and spoke Urdu fluently. The detractors of the show ignore the reality he brought to his performance as a 'Rangi Ram' bearer. Renowned Indian actor Renu Setna said in a 1995 documentary "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms" that he was upset when he heard Bates get the part but added, "No Indian actor could have played that role as well as Bates." Indeed. "Mama" was the company of Perry and Croft for "Daddy's Army"; Also set in wartime, the quiet English town of Walmington-On-Sea has been replaced by the hot, humid jungles of India, in particular a place called Deolali, where a group of army concerts give presentations to troops including Bombadier Solomons. (George Layton, his first sitcom since Doctor In Charge), gunner Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), diminutive gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de-dah' Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (the late Christopher Mitchell). Presiding over this gang of misfits was warlike sergeant-major Williams (the brilliant Windsor Davies), who considered them all poofs. His frustration at not being able to take his men into the woods to face the enemy in combat made him bitter and intimidating (though he was kind to Parkins, whom he thought was his illegitimate son!). Then there was always the English colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like a wise sage, initiating each program by talking to the camera and shutting them down quoting obscure Hindu sayings. He loved being so much a bearer that he considered himself practically British. His friends were Char Charah, tea producer (the late Dino Shafeek, who went on to "Mind Your Language") and the rope pulling Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So true Indians appeared on the show - another point their detractors ignore. Shafeek also provided what was described in the credits as' vocal interruptions' (similar to the '40s songs used as incidental music in' Dad's Army '). Each issue closed with him warbling 'Land Of Hope & Glory' just to be silenced by a 'Shut Up!' of Williams. The excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Despite never equating Daddy's Army with public affection, 'mama' was popular enough to run for eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle led the charts with a cover version of that old "Whispering Grass." They then recorded an entire album of old chestnuts, entitled (What Else?) 'Sing Lofty!'. <br /> <br /> The show hit the crisis spot three years later, when Bates died of cancer. Instead of rephrasing the role of 'Rangi', the writers simply let him be discreetly forgotten. When George Layton left, the character of 'Gloria' took his place as 'Bombadier', providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> The last edition in 1981 saw the soldiers leave India by boat to Blighty, Char Wallah watches them with great sadness (as well as the spectators). <br /> <br /> Repetitions have been few among most (mainly from the UK) because of their dodgy reputation. This is strange. For one thing, the show was not specifically about racism. If a white man is so wrong, why is David Lean's 1984 film, "A Passage to India," still on television? (featured Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!). It was derived from Jimmy Perry's own experiences. Some characters were based on real people (Sergeant Major actually referred to his men as "poofs"). I'm of the opinion that if you're going to put the story on television, do it right. Sanitizing the past, no matter how unpleasant it may seem to modern audiences, is fundamentally dishonest. "Mama" was both funny and sincere, and the viewers saw it. Thank God for D.V.D I say. Time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I will not gossip in this jungle!"
