This comedy about war written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best TV show, Army of the Parents, was not as good as the Army of the parents, but still very, very funny. <br /> <br /> This is a concert band India. The majority of the episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to make the party, which he referred to as a lot of puffs, to appear in the jungle. He has always been unsuccessful, as vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the party. The feast was composed by Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), the imitator of Ginger Rogers Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), instrumentalist Gunner "Gunner Graham", also known as Padarouski (John Clegg) Gunner "Lofty". Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was completely wrong), the great eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans and animal imitator (Kenneth MacDonald), he was not Percy Edwards. In addition, heavily involved in the adventures were the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), with Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) giving wonderful support to Ram. <br /> <br /> The show, like the Army of the Parents, has left many slogans. Rangi Ram used to tell his Punkah Wallah, "Do not be such a smart dickie" and he finished a lot of shows saying "Here's a very old Hindu proverb, for example, when the wife is having a good friend, not her catch fire "It was Williams though who had more catch phrases. He always shouted "Shuddup !!!!!", it said "Oh, honey, what a sadness, let it go" and when you talk to Gunner Graham, he always speaks sarcastically with an elegant accent. <br /> <br /> Show does not enjoy the same recognition that the Army's parents did. This is probably due to a matter of taste: this is seen as being crude. Williams is homophobic calling his men "Puffs", though it should be said that Williams is annoying. In addition, some people think there is a racial element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was black to play Rangi Ram (Bates actually was born in India and spoke Urdu before speaking English), so the BBC will feel like a little uncomfortable putting it on, even though the vast majority of people who attended the program agreed that the program is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and they were not offended at all and agreed as I did it was a Very funny show. When I watch an episode for the first time, I laugh probably more than for any other sitcom, but when I see it a second time, I do not laugh that much, but no matter how many times I see the Dads Army, I laugh many times in one episode. <br /> <br /> Best episode: The Road to Banu, series 1, episode 7
