7 if you are a child, 6 if you intend to be an adult. This semi-sequel to the Lion King sees the characters Timone and Pumbah, recounting the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great tradition of Disney, inferior sequels are made and occasionally TV series with the adventures of minor characters of his greatest successes. You may be as skeptical as you want about it, but kids and fans of the show probably will not mind; are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the few above-average sequences. This works because of the charm of the beloved central characters, fast paced, the inner jokes involving the first film, and for older viewers, there are some funny jokes. The animation is as good as it used to be, if it's a bit less flamboyant than the original, but the plot here is to make it easier, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first movie. film, often stopping in the middle of the movie to play about parts of it, like a real audience. We see how Timone is almost banished, he thinks he does not fit and decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way, he meets Pumbaa, another outcast and they become friends. Soon they find Simba, a lion cub, a natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to others to decide whether to help or not, and how. Of course, the usual elements and themes of Disney are here, friendship, good against evil, etc. The plot is simple, but it works on many levels, making it smarter than your average animation movie. As CG films appear, Disney's traditional form should become smarter, but do not forget the roots that made them popular. Toy Story and everything that has come since has been clever with jokes for all ages, and it seems like this is how the market is changing. However, there will always be a place for movies like this, and you can not go wrong buying this for the young. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
