The Illuminated is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the original novel, written by Stephen King, but is widely remembered as one of the best cinematic interpretations of the work of the master of the terror. This is due to two factors: the masterful direction of Stanley Kubrick and the cold performance of Jack Nicholson. Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter period, unaffected by the horrifying stories surrounding the place: he claims that a nice, secluded location is just what he needs to finish his new book. So Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son, Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy in particular feels from the beginning that something is wrong: it was said by the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the holder Shining, which allows people like him and Dick. to see flashes of past and future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the forces that inhabit the hotel immediately become interested in Danny, although he is quite capable of resisting them. This is not the case with Jack, however, as he becomes more and more paranoid about his wife's affections and seeks comfort in the company of what can best be defined as ghosts, unleashing a chain of insanity and dread which it is very difficult to break. The Shining works as a horror film because Kubrick, though he has never worked on this type of film before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence the greater focus on the atmosphere and psychological shocks than blood and bloodbaths creative. King criticized the director for changing most of the story, omitting most of Jack / Danny's subplot (merely suggested in the film) that led to the book's emotionally strong climax, and while its disappointment is valid, the omission was really necessary: novel dealt with redemption, albeit in an unconventional way, and redemption is a theme Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decadence, never had a soft spot for. What he is interested in is the mental, and subsequently physical, imbalance that threatens the characters, and he keeps the scary tone even thanks to a very cold approach and specialized use of steadicam shooting (Danny's encounter with two ghostly twins being the best Another criticism raised by King was about the actors, especially Nicholson: in the writer's view, his characteristic smile at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, thus undermining the rest of the film. Now it's true that Nicholson seems a little silly from the start, but it's also true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) probably would not be able to perform as scary as Nicholson's: from the moment he begins to smile in a more disturbing way than before for the immortal "Here's Johnny!" In the scene, it is impossible to imagine another actor playing this part, and month While the 1997 TV version of The Shining is not bad, Torrance's character is indelibly attached to One Flew's star Over the Cuckoo's Nest. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add fantastic support, and the latter deserves, in particular, a place alongside Harvey Stephens (O Damen of Omen) and Haley Joel Osment as children's horror icons of the cinema. One may complain that Duvall is completely different from the book's (fair and beautiful) counterpart and not have much to do but scream and run, but two things must be considered: a) in 1980 the crying queen cliché was not. t still; b) rarely did any actress seem so genuinely terrified in front of the cameras, making the book-movie differences secondary to the real fear that emerges from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting, once said there is not a completely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the liberties that Danny Boyle took when his drugged masterpiece was brought to the screen), but that does not mean that the film is necessarily bad. Shining proves the point to perfection: very little of the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlolson this masterclass in film translation becomes one of the best and most original horror images of all the times, what is really saying something, given the current poor form of the genre.
