Sometimes this goes beyond The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is the most efficient and funniest film, Kubrick's is more artistic, more thought-provoking, and probably more frightening. It's one of the few movies where I can look beyond its flaws and truly and completely love it. I try not to compare it to the book? that I only read once, a few years ago, and that scared me to death? because the two do not have much in common, apart from the story and characters obviously. It's almost as if Kubrick was betting on people's love of romance to make their movie scarier. And so, it certainly is one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes the movie so terrifying is not the fright spikes, nor the blood. and gore, not the various ghosts that come up from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about Nicholson's involvement in this role, saying it's obvious he's going to go crazy in the film, given his past roles and his looks. I disagree. We know he's going to go crazy ?? since most of us read the book? and Jack's appearance only adds to this notion. But it's the way he acts at the beginning that leaves us truly frightened. He is calm, quiet, patient. He engages in small talk with the hotel managers and even with his own family. And with a wife and son as annoying as his, it's a small surprise that he can do it. But once he reaches Overlook, he changes. He gets angry, angry, on the edge. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts him typing, and he completely loses, telling her to "leave him alone." This is the first bomb-f crashed into the film, and it's a shock to the system. Thereafter, all bets are void. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations present in the film. We are never sure if what we are seeing is really happening. Many critics have noted that whenever Jack talks to a ghost, there is a mirror present, showing that he may also be talking to himself. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the climax of the movie until she takes a tour of the hotel's many ghostly inhabitants, but she's well aware that something is wrong while Danny connects with the location almost immediately. Are your psychic powers not in question? how else would Hallorann know how to come to the hotel? ??? but has he ever seen a ghost his parents witness? Is it easy to say that Jack simply loses, being stuck in a hotel with his family, and Wendy later does so well? seeing your husband trying to kill you with an ax will you do it ?? But what about Danny? It seems your body is dominated by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are reliable witnesses. Hallorann would probably be, and he warns of the dangers in 237, but he is killed as soon as he reaches Overlook (a scare Kubrick catches up to play with fan suppositions of the novel). And that final shot. Was there ever a more enigmatic ending to the movies? Has Jack been there before? Or was his body just "absorbed" in the hotel? When talking about acting in this film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Does Shelley Duvall give one of the most annoying performances in film history? probably on purpose, to give Jack's character another reason to cling? and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is a power. Part method, part improvisation, it is both terrifying and attractive. For better or for worse, he is the character we identify with, not the boring boy or the boring wife. We all want to have a hotel for ourselves for a season, to be able to do whatever we want. Who cares if he is haunted? Of course, the technical aspects are great. Kubrick's long takes, strange angles and bizarre images add to the horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long corridors and all other motifs only increase this. And do not even get me started on that score. I do not know if the movie would be kind of scary without that amazing electronic music. Its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the climate and the whole movie itself. <br /> <br /> I know the king does not like this movie, but King's contribution to the movies is nothing to boast about. As a great novel writer he may be, his scripts are terrible, and his attempt to drive is best left unnoticed. This is not a very faithful book adaptation, but it need not be, and really should not. Part of the horror of the movie is that the viewer does not have the book to turn to; there is no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully modifies the narrative to further terrorize the audience. If only for this reason, this is one of the most innovative films in any genre. And there's more to it than that.
