Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) heading to a secluded hotel called "Overlook," situated high in the Colorado mountains, for an interview with manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming the janitor of winter. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic upkeep of the hotel, but will be almost totally cut off from the rest of the world for six months as the winter sets in. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves into the hotel and at first everything looks fine, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and what they need is at their disposal. However, the Overlook hotel has a gloomy past, with a previous caretaker killing his entire family before committing suicide and Danny has the ability to "shine," which means he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things that "ordinary" people can not. As the days, weeks and months begin to pass Jack becoming increasingly insane, Danny continues to "see" things and people while Wendy becomes frantic because she has no idea what is happening to her family while a heavy snowstorm leaves them trapped Jack finally loses ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick & is a good horror film. It seems that The Shining is another film that exists in two different and different versions, and what I will comment is the shortest European cut, less than 2 hours long. Kubrick & Diane Johnson's script is based on Stephen King's novel, which I did not read, so I can not compare them, it's more of a psychological horror than a visual one, with only one murder throughout the film. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny, the ones who really matter, since the film focuses on them almost exclusively, you care about them, get involved with them and what they go through. The pace is a bit slow, but this is a movie that does not look so long and keeps you interested everywhere. On the down side, I do not think the reasoning behind Jack getting mad and wanting to kill his family was strong enough to convince me, the fact that Jack escapes from the freezer without any explanation bothers me and I do not know if I missed something , but this end did not make any sense to me, I'm still trying to find out what this photo is! There is very little in terms of violence or violence, some rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that does not need to depend on blood and special effects as it has an exciting story. . With a budget of about $ 19,000,000, The Shining is technically flawless, as you would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, cinematography is brilliant with some fantastic fluid and smooth steadicam footage as the camera effortlessly follows the character Around the labyrinth of corridors, the scenarios seem absolutely real and instead of old cliches haunted house themes like dark corners, basements and cobwebs Kubrick brings things up to date with lighted hallways, large open open spaces and a modern (well from the modern 1980s, red toilet out!). The acting is good from everyone involved, although, as always, in horror films, the kid is highly annoying and Nicholson seems crazy from the start. Shining is an absorbing film that I enjoyed watching, although I'm not sure I'd watch it again soon. For those looking for explosions and extravagant special effects you will be disappointed, for those looking for a good haunted house type with a strong story I definitely think the glitz is for you, worth seeing in my humble opinion.
