A series of random and seemingly insignificant robberies at her sister's boarding house left Miss Lemon quite agitated. A ring, lamps, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe? There seems to be no rhyme or reason for any of this. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to examine the matter. But what Poirot sees is something far more sinister than Miss Lemon could have imagined. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students living in the boardinghouse was found dead. It is up to Poirot to bring a murderer to justice. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid, but not spectacular, entry into the long Poirot series. I appreciate how faithful the script is to the original story of Agatha Christie. I realize that certain freedoms had to be taken, but I appreciate the effort, however. Are the main points of the mystery all there? the petty thefts, the pension, the students, the torn backpack, and, of course, Poirot's ability to see something sinister happening before it happened. With few exceptions, the cast of students is almost as I imagined them. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd stand out among the group. As much as I always enjoy Poirot, by David Suchet, I'm really impressed by Phillip Jackson's Inspector Japp and Pauline Moran's Miss Lemon. This episode is a real treat as Miss Lemon gets more screen time than usual. Finally, I enjoyed the use of the mouse always present as an observer of activities at the hostel. It's a fun joke in the title of Hickory Dickory Dock. I realized, while watching Hickory Dickory Dock, how tremendously influential was the work of Agatha Christie in the highly stylized Italian mystery films, or Gialli, of the 60s and 70s. Take the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis as an example. If you were to enhance the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight from a Giallo from the 70's. In fact, the whole plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Giallo. It's just complicated and interesting enough to have worked.
