Sometimes it takes a movie master like Kubrick to bring something extra, that unique, intractable, evasive ingredient that turns a great movie or great script into a masterpiece, one for the ages. <br /> <br /> It's not just that Stephen King's story has enough meat and potatoes, which makes it hard for even the hard-working director to lose. Hell, not even the king himself did so badly. It's how Kubrick perceives King's universe, how he turns the page into screen time, which makes THE SHINING both a visual banquet and a mastering lesson packed in the direction. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's lack of scene is, as always, formidable. The film advances with a fast and lively pace, even if it is neither fast nor very edited and has a minimum of 160 minutes. The camera rounds the luxurious corridors of the Overlook Hotel as if it were a sort of mystical labyrinth full of explorations, photos of linear tracking exposing the impeccably decorated interiors in all its grandeur. There is a symmetry and a geometric approach to how Kubrick perceives space that reminds me a lot of how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if what is represented would be irrelevant to how all the different elements are balanced within the frame. <br /> <br /> Certain images definitely stand out. The first picture of Jack's typewriter, accompanied by the scuffle of a ball, like drums of destruction from some other floor or produced by the typewriter itself as if it were an instrument of destruction by itself, later proving to be short nothing at all. A red river flowing through the hotel elevators in slow motion. Jack knocking on the door with the ax, the camera moving along with it, accompanying the action as it happens instead of remaining static, as if it were the camera going through the door and not the ax. The ultra-fast zoom on the boy's face pushing us into his head before we see the two dead girls in his POV. And, of course, the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has already been said about Jack Nicholson's intrusive intrusion. His madman is not totally successful, because, well, he's Jack Nicholson. The guy looks kind of crazy anyway. Playing crazy turns you into an exaggerated caricature of yourself. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired cast choices Kubrick ever had. Coming from a series of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the 70's (3 WOMEN, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), she brings to her character the right amount of fragility and emotional distress. A fantastic and very underrated actress.
