The Shining, do you know what's weird about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for people who claim not to like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is a great movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror and madness tale. This is just an incredible movie and you've seen it or not, you've heard of it, know a few lines of it and know some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!" Who could forget "All work and no play make Jack a dull boy"? Who could forget this chilling finale? This is the film that is unforgettable and honestly, in my opinion, is Kubrick's best work. I know there's a lot of discussion in this department, a lot of people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Mechanical Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if those films were a pioneer in filmmaking, then The Shining perfected it. This is the tale of insulation, madness, terrifying images and the latest ghost story that will creep beneath your skin. Jack Torrance, Jack's son, Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy, arrive at the Overlook Hotel on closing day. The elderly African-American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by talking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; They called the communication "brilliant." Danny asks if there is anything to fear at the hotel, especially in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "brightness" and many, not all good memories, and advises him to stay out of the room. Under all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about room 237 finally gets the better of him when he sees that the room has been opened. Danny appears injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack is abusing Danny. Jack enters the hotel's Gold Room, where he meets a spooky bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts frantically yelling the word "redrum" and scribble on the walls. He goes into a trance and retires; he now says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages the hotel's radio, cutting off communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has typed endless pages of manuscripts repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a boring kid" formatted in many ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, locking him in a cabinet in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the closet door, which then releases him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" with lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an ax and begins to cut the door leading to his family's quarters. "Here's Johnny!" And the legendary image of Jack is born. Illuminated is one of those movies that you seriously have to find time to see, this is an amazing movie and it still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But one that I also feel is grossly neglected is Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack's entire job? is incredible, it is a look of horror and you can see that fear on your face after realizing that your husband is crazy. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, it's honestly one of the most terrifying scenes in horror movies. The reason this film is so well known is because it is a movie of perfection, has been in The Simpsons, has been shown in other films and is a movie that will always stay with you when you see, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
