Okay, okay, maybe not the best. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to pass up, but The Enlightened One is up there. It is, however, by far the best story of Stephen King that has been turned into film. It's better that The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not so scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better than Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me. that The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I do not care what the Top 250 IMDb says. <br /> <br /> I read that a few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was rummaging through novels in his house, trying to find one that could make a good movie, and from the other room, his wife heard a loud crash. noise every half hour or so when he threw books against the wall in frustration. Finally, she did not hear any noise for nearly two hours, and when she checked to see if he had died in her chair or something (I say this with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrating on a book which he had in his hands, and the book was The Enlightened One. And thank goodness, too, because he turned this book into one of the greatest horror films of all time. Stephen King may be grateful for the complexity of the story, about a man taking his wife and son to a remote hotel to supervise him during the extremely isolated winter while he works on his writing. Jack Nicholson may be grateful for his performance as Jack Torrance (in how many movies has Jack been where he plays a character named Jack?), As well as his impeccable delivery of several now famous lines (`Johnny de Heeeeeere !! '). Shelley Duvall may be grateful to give a performance that allows the public to relate to Jack's wishes to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this great story its very recognizable touch, and whoever the casting director might be grateful to catch the scariest twins on the planet to play the role of the murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most significant aspects of this film, necessary for history as a whole to have its most significant effect, is isolation and presents itself flawlessly. The film begins with a long scene following Jack as he heads over to the old hotel for his interview for the janitor's job for the winter. This is soon followed by the same thing that follows Jack and his family as they drive up the wind mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is mixed with photos of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick was able to make a quick suggestion about the evils of the TV, while Wendy expresses his concern in talking about the cannibalism in front of Danny. who says it's okay because he's already seen it on TV ("You see, it's okay, he saw it on TV"). The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this. and its bloody past is made much more frightening by the huge rooms echoing and the long corridors. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the corridors that have really created most of the fear of this film, and Kubrick's traditional tracking shots give corridors a frightening three-dimensional feel. Early in the movie, there is a famous trail that follows Danny in a large circle as he walks the halls in his Big Wheel (is that what they are called for?), And his relative speed (as well as the clunking done by the wheels while it goes back and forth from the hardwood floor to the rugs) gives the feeling of not knowing what's around the corner. And being a Stephen King story, you HOPE for something to jump at you. I think the best scene in the hallways (as well as one of the scariest in the movie) is when Danny is playing on the floor, and a ball rolls slowly towards him. He looks up and sees the long empty hallway, and as the ball is some kind of child's toy, you expect it to have been those horrendously creepy twins that rolled into it. Anyway, you got it. The Shining is a very scary movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to having the rare quality of being a horror movie that is not a drug, The Shining has a very deep story that really makes you guess and leaves you with a feeling that there was something that you missed . Jack was always there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really at that ball in 1921, or is he just someone who looks exactly like him? If he was always the caretaker, as Mr. Grady also said, does that mean he's gone mad and killed his wife and twin daughters, not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a movie to leave loose ends that should have been tied, this is just a mediocre movie. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied much from The Shining with regard to the subject, did so. But it's completely different when a movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (as all Kubrick movies are). One more thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we should thank him, is for not throwing this book against the wall. That move would have been a cinematic tragedy.
