Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic thriller, this film combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller with the great vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to accompany a dark horror film within the reign of his cinematic genius that includes an eye for the original shot, an icy soundtrack and a general sense of dehumanization. This film cuts all typical horror movies like a red poker through a human eye, because it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and the psychosis of its protagonist, but to enjoy the seed from which the derangement derives. One of the scariest things for people to face is the unknown and this movie presents its plot with just that thought in mind. The setting is perfect, in a desolate winter retreat. The stillness of the moment is a character in itself, as the aggressive fermenter in Jack Torrance's mind sinks into this idle time and creates the new playground of the devil. I always felt that the presence of evil was asleep in all our minds, with only the circumstances of the moment, and the reasons given, needed to wake up violently and attack their innocent victims. This film is a perfect example of this thought. <br /> <br /> And it's within the subtle touches of the screen, the clack-clacks of the big boy wheel walking through the empty hallways of the hotel. the labyrinthine garden that represents the fine line between the mind and insane, Kubrick's purposefully fixed editing inconsistencies, errors of continuity, and erroneous arrangements, we discover a world guided by the just and tangible but persuaded by the powerful and unknown. I've never read the book on which the film is based, but without that as a point of comparison, I'm proud to say that this is one of the most terrifying movies I've ever seen. I thought the running time of the film might have been cut a bit, but again, I'm not one of the most acclaimed directors in movie history, so maybe I should keep my two-cent criticism over an excellent movie for myself. All in all, this film captures your attention with its grandiose form and vision, twists you with some terror and eccentric direction, and lashes you down and stabs you in the heart with your cold-eyed vision of the man's mind went to sea, scary atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
