Anthony McGarten adapted his play, Via Satellite, and directed the best comedy film to leave New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a quitter. She did not achieve much in her later years and resented her family from the confession of her father's deathbed. His twin sister, Carol (also played by Danielle Cormack) is recovering from the media spotlight by representing New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A middle-aged director, desireless and desperate (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also the only night case of Chrissy the night before - Paul (Karl Urban) film the proudest moment of the Dunn family; watching Carol swim for the win. That would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is the epitome of embarrassment. First of all, there is the matriach of Wellington Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for the important film crew and refuses to change the way it is. His eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata) is desperate to be something more than ordinary. She has a beautiful house (with bedroom walls painted with "blackberry ice cream"), expensive tastes and a lousy parasitic attitude. She is also getting to 40 and is desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and is forced into jobs that do not need to be done ... as well as jobs that need to be done, that is, Jen. The middle daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the Best Supporting Actress Award at the New Zealand Film Awards for this portrait) is a tart that has a dubious story with Ken. Both older sisters are shocked, Mom is in a state, Ken is as bad as Tim Taylor, Carol is nurturing her Olympic desire and Chrissy is aware that all this should be played on national TV - why should not she stay ashamed? It's great to see some of New Zealand's famous faces performing in the suburban comedy that has spirits to spare. I loved the sparring between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona - my biological clock - is running, the other is a narcissistic slut who has what her sister wants - a coke in the oven. The movie's climax is quite sentimental and is well done. The performances are a pleasure and the film works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
