Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performing artist of wealthy intellectuals from a local club. She falls victim to her fantasies when the promise of romantic interludes turns to murder when she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through a hypnotic suggestion, someone (a possible master of tasks pulling their strings like a puppet) is guiding Lorna to kill those she finds in isolated places just when it seems that making love is about to happen. start. After the murders within her fantasies are committed, Lorna wakes up perplexed, often clueless if what she was privy to her dreams has already occurred in reality. <br /> <br /> If anyone asked me how to describe this particular work Franco, I would say it is elegant and difficult. So far, you've probably read other confused users' comments about what this movie is about, since a large part of it happens inside the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard early in his career in film style, so he decided to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a totally different type of visual experience. And, as you read from the reaction of the user comments here ... some like this decision, others find the work style, dull and bewildering. I will be the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even Franco himself, when asked by critics who watched "Succubus", admitted that he did not even understand the film and directed it! Some may say that "Succubus" was merely a forerunner of his most admired work, "Venus in Furs," considered his masterpiece by Franco-faithful, because it also adopts the surreal and dreamlike structure where the protagonist does not really know whether he is experiencing something real or imagined. In a sense, as the protagonist, we are experiencing the same kind of confusion ... surely, "Succubus" is an unconventional film where we are not given the keys to what is happening exactly. And much of the indescribable dialogue does not help at all. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet-speak," Corman's "A Bucket of Blood" is fun. My personal favorite scene provokes in a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets at an elegant party. A bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used quite uncommonly. Great locations and jazz scores ... I enjoyed this movie, although I can understand why it gets a negative reaction. I loved that party scene with Lorna, a little drunk, writhing on the floor in a beautiful evening dress while others at the ball (... equally wasted) rush her into a kissing hug.
