I have not seen all of Jess Franco's movies, I've seen 5, I think, and there are over 180 of them. So it might be a little early to say this, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as "Succubus", but this is the cut version) is according to me, if not the best, certainly in the best of Franco. Franco is best known (although "known" may be a little overdone) to "Lesbos Vampires," a weird cult movie that gained more recognition in the mid-'90s when people discovered that Jess Franco was also an interesting songwriter. Through the soundtrack, a few happy ones discovered the man and discovered what to expect after seeing the video clip of "The Lion and the Cucumber" ("Vampyros Lesbos OST"): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during 'Vampires', I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment, Franco never managed to catch me so much. But then I stumbled on this movie. It's even better than "Lesbos Vampires," I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We have found that it can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" that good: its beginning did not impress me. Remember, I had seen "Lesbos Vampires" before (although chronologically this happened only three years later) and both films begin the same way. But then the story went on, intriguing and exciting, the beautiful camera work and the things you'd like to see Godard if he was not so busy spreading his political messages. Later, in the film, I heard a dialogue about which art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says that all movies have to be old-fashioned because it takes weeks until the audience sees what was filmed. But the girl responds that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard made movies yesterday for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting lead actress and of course Howard Vernon, a regular Franco, is also there. Luckily the acting is good (something that can spoil many Franco movies for you, but not this one). But certainly watch out for the fictional scene. The erotic tension, the wild direction and the fact that it's a movie from yesterday to tomorrow make it a movie that a lot of people should see. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than "Lesbos Vampires" certainly helps.
