Police, investigations, murder, suspicion: we all know the movies in abundance. Most movies today deal with crimes that are believed to involve viewers, to provide them with an exciting atmosphere. However, most thrill-seekers prefer to focus on the latest films of this type, forgetting the older ones. However, it occurs that these people can be easily deceived. A film based entirely on suspicion can be very interesting right now, despite being over 20 years old ... it's GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there much of the action? Not really since the events featured in the movie happen in a considerably short time. But the way they run is the great advantage of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is being investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Inspector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy night and not much need for a meeting like that. However, after the rape and murder of two children at the dawn of the previous year, the door of suspicion must finally be open. In other words, (most quoted from the film), it must be revealed who really is an evil wolf. To achieve this, it takes a lot of effort and also a lot of emotions from both parties ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script for being too wordy. However, I would ask them: how should be an investigation, if not many questions and practically a lot of talk. This verbosity touches the roots of the genre. By no means this is boring, but throughout the entire film, you become a spectator as a spectator. In addition, the film contains well-made flashbacks as the stories are being told. Not too much and not too much of them - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks for me are when Martinaud's wife Chantal (Romy Schneider) talks about a beautiful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain the view of places, including the infamous beach. Everything beautifully helped me keep the pace right. And since I've seen GARDE A VUE, I always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against accusations of confusion and chaos. <br /> <br /> But the aspects already mentioned may not necessarily be appealing to many viewers, as they may not like such films and yet will not find the content and its performance satisfactory. However, GARDE A VUE is worth seeing for these people as well. Because? Because of performances. But do not expect me to praise Romy Schneider here. GARDE The VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a great job as a mother who is deeply in despair for a lost child. She credibly portrays a person who is calm, concrete, who does not refuse a cup of tea offered, but who does not want to play with words. Her part that includes a deep conversation about life and duty is brilliant, more believable than Elsa's overly melancholy role in SANS SOUCI'S PASSIVE. It is still acted upon. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes of the credits; she, as a wife and a different point of view, comes symbolically with the New Year at midnight. Your role is purely supportive. Who really does rock is Lino Ventura. He is the middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to find out the truth, which is aware that his questions are "missiles" to the other interlocutor, but do not hesitate. He is an inspector who, having been married three times, is perfectly recognized by the female psyche. He is one who does not consider his work as a game to play, but a real service. Finally, he is a person who does not think it is abnormal to sit on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a great job expressing fear, particularly in the final scenes of the film. But thumb up for Mr. Ventura. Bright! <br /> <br /> With regard to memorable moments, this is not the type of film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole movie is memorable, has to be seen more than once and has to be felt with its atmosphere and, which I have not mentioned before, stunning music. For me, the conversation of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most brilliant and perfect moment. You are there with the two characters, you experience your mental states if you delve into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film, a must for lovers of emotion and connoisseurs of art. performances. New Year has turned and ... is it easier to open the door now? You'll find out when you decide to see Claude Miller's memorable movie. 8/10
