We, Ed Wood fans, tend to be an obsessive bunch in the first place, but this particular movie took me to a fan-level that I had never tackled! One of the most intense emotions of unconventional movie adulation - at least as far as I am concerned - is the pleasure of digging up the obscure. I remember how, as a teenager, I longed to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (also known as "Ghosts Night"), which at the time had been kept for a few decades. Likewise, arcane masterpieces from low budget films such as "A Night to Dismember" by Doris Wishman, or half of the works of Jesus Franco! However, in recent years, video and DVD have made these inaccessible treasures almost inaccessible to TOO - even for those of us on the "wrong" side of the Atlantic ... <br /> <br /> And then, behold, there was "I woke up early the day I died" -a film that should have been so "great," but which disappeared into the ether even before Fangoria printed the first rather extensive article on it that first whetted my appetite. The 90's NEED a hard-to-find movie, but it REALLY would be worth hunting for: and that's for sure ... I do not want to add a lot of commentary on all these wonderful aspects of the film - its classic cast of kitsch, its haunting, yet hallucinogenic visuals, its marvelous moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of French filmmakers of the 1920s) and surrealism, or even its memorable soundtrack - since all this has been described more eloquently by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I would like to briefly mention is the pleasure I received from hunting down certain obscure artifacts relating to this almost-lost-for-us. but fortunately, it is not so! I think the German video, which I picked up in Cologne on a cold winter day, is well known to Ed Wood's followers now. It is also well known that a promotional poster for the film was released. However, fortunately there is more to be found !!! First, there are a number of reviews available from the German THEATRICAL release of the film - I used several of these in my translation classes in an attempt to "Woodify" my students ..... some of these ratings are positive praise for the film of artistic value and entertainment - and the most interesting thing of all is that most critics put it directly into American and European trash traditions. Secondly, there is the score of Larry Groupe ', which can be acquired from man himself - many of the tracks exert a truly emotional appeal to the listener, particularly if you are contemplating the current status of the film and growing a little melancholy. at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention the SOUNDTRACK promotion that Cinequanon has released in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do whatever it takes if you get the chance to get one of these !!!!!! It features 14 tracks from the film, including the Eartha Kitt ballad, "Jesus I Was Evil," by the late Darcy Clay (two versions are also available on New Zealand CD, although that's another story again!), Legal Radio Music for which Christina Ricci dances, and also those incredible techno released by Minty and ZHV (the latter being the techno band of Billy Z) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed - leave Ed Wood govern your life.
