This 1998 film was based on a screenplay by the late Edward D. Wood, a screenplay that featured no dialogue in the tradition of films like THE THIEF. Although much of Wood's work has low-budget entries in various genre film traditions, his first feature film, GLEN OR GLENDA, was a truly visionary attempt to express the inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. I woke up early the day I died representing this side of Ed Wood, the experimenter, although this movie is a comedy (a nightmare comedy, however!), While the theme of dressing GLEN OR GLENDA was taken so seriously by Wood that there was no room for comedy there. Since the first few seconds of this movie I knew I was being taken to a new cinematic world, and I really can not compare this world to anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, soundtrack, photography, etc - is innovative on several levels. In particular, although the film has no "dialogue", there are sounds of all kinds and also "language", but you will have to see how it is done by itself, since the intelligence and surprise of the methods provide a level of excitement throughout part. The Glen or Glenda technique of juxtaposition of films for surreal effects works well on film and is kept to a minimum. The entire film is played in a hysterical pitch of fever, and Billy Zane delivers an incredible tour-de-force performance that shows just how brilliant comedian and physical actor he is. In a fair world, he would have received some award for this performance. He even looks like Ed Wood, and as interpreted by Zane, this character is at times funny, sloppy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes simultaneously !!!). Too bad that this movie got caught up in legal issues and never received an American theatrical release or video, just playing at a few festivals. At the moment, it's only available on video in Germany (actually my copy is from a German source - the excerpts from Wood's screenplay that are shown on the screen from time to time are translated into German, although the headlines the low-budget technique of giving plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, through newspaper headlines is used here in the Wood tradition) that Zane sees are in English.I think this film could have had a mouth- to-mouth after having been played at midnight in some big cities with some careful promotion.And if thrown city by city slowing down in the circuit of art films, could have done well.In fact, if legal issues can be resolved , I'd like to suggest that the film STILL should be given a theatrical release, especially a MIDNIGHT "cult" release.This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> I " "every scene? No, but I" felt "each scene emotionally. Everything "worked" in the movie? Maybe not. I only saw it twice, and the first time I saw it was interrupted several times. However, with all the trash on the assembly line playing the multiplexes and with so many "alternative" movies being rejected fetishistic or pretentious, we need Hollywood-made experiments like this. Bob Dylan's recent film, "Masked and Anonymous," had similar odds as Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONT. This movie could find a much larger audience than any of these. If you are reading this review in a couple of years and the idea of ​​this movie sounds intriguing, see if it has already been released on video. You will not be bored. Invite some friends to ... have a party. Play the incredible LOUD soundtrack. I have the feeling that wherever he is in the afterlife, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels that his unique vision was justified and validated in some way by the production of this film. Wood is probably also laughing that as well as he always seemed to have the bad breaks in life, the movie made after him in his death is carried out in legal proceedings and remains unpublished in the country of its creation.
