OK, so I know this movie because of a friend of mine and I actually visited the set when they were filming, so from a personal point of view, I was intrigued to finally see that little dark jewel. If you are interested in information about this movie, you will find that it is bogged down in legal trouble (even after 7 years after it was filmed), so if you are like me - then you will do whatever it takes to get a copy . My source? Ebay About $ 15, but I felt cheated because when I received it today by mail, it was a very grainy and coarse copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" release, complete with an annoying top time code, but I could still enjoy it, but not as much as if I had a proper copy, something I suggest you get if you want the full impact that this movie may or may not have on you. From what I collected, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With this, good luck and happy search / bidding ...;). The punctuation / sndtrk is worth alone. Very eclectic and varied (something rare these days IMHO in film) - I think it will be my next point / punctuation to locate, but I disagree ... <br /> <br /> Now for the review. The film begins when Billy Zane's character is injecting a nurse into the mental ward that he is apparently locked in. He steals his clothes (even shoes) and quickly moves to a series of benches, but after escaping with the serve well, I think this is where the "plot" begins - he inadvertently loses it. After perpetrating various exaggerated crimes and flirting for various celebrities from A to C to locate the money, he finds himself somehow in a graveyard where a funeral - I think the dead guy he shoots at the bank / loan office, and - even with 1950s police cars and cops looking everywhere for him constantly - he is never seen or arrested. (He sees daily newspapers reporting his "crimes") This I liked, because it gave an extension to the fine plot. After all, it's a MOVIE (see: fiction) and the director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all that is possible 1) Take Wood's vision to fruition and 2) give an up-to-date feel, but take pictures of cars from Authentic 50's police intertwined Ahh, local LA.99 $ stores - so well, so my 9 rating. If the period and props were authentic - I would have given a 10. Now it becomes kinda weird and I will not ruin it for anyone but let's just say that the ending is a little disappointing for me, had promise, action and comedy - all to the end, then ... with ALL that said - put a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just realize that as there is no dialouge (except for some narration and singing) this may be your alley - maybe not - but I definitely think it's worth watching. All the actors do great performances and it's just the inconsistency in period articles that really made me crave for this fix - so I'd say by all means, check this movie out because it's not like anything these studios release these days in the future too) I'm sure.
