To finally see what many consider to be the greatest women's movie in prison for all time, I felt I had achieved something as ridiculous as that sounds. Boy, it sure contained the elements I expected, and delivered a lot more. One constant I am discovering in these films is the hardness and determination of the actresses in the role of prisoners preparing to escape, as long as their threshold, tolerance and determination (... not to mention sanity) are tested by their superiors. While most of them have been hired by the way they look naked, because the nature of the genre requires elements so gratuitously, something else emerges, other attributes, such as attitude and courage, to which I finally respond. <br /> <br /> This, as you should know very well, was the debut of Demme for his mentor Roger Corman, and he provides the target audience with exactly what he wants, while putting his own brand in the process. For example, there are bizarre dreams that certain characters define their current psychological states (there is a particular number with director Barbara Steele, where she reminded me of Alex of Great Mechanical Orange). <br /> <br /> The film has female prisoners planning a bold escape, tired of the crazed pranks of their wheelchair director and his crazy prison doctor, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, the tough and cheeky sister who is sick of the environment and will do whatever it takes to get out. She's the one all the girls fear to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the youngest prisoner who was arrested by police and convicted of the murder of a police officer, unwilling to give up the names of those with whom she was involved. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best friend of Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle becomes Randolph's obsession, promising superintendent McQueen (Steele) that through a surgical procedure he can remove his violent tendencies. Drugging her, Randolph takes pictures naked and sodomizes, whimpering like a little girl because of her own mental deficiencies as she holds his naked body in her arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, serving life imprisonment for murdering a slave whose relative was a senator. Lavelle gets a job at Randolph's office and is responsible for relating her dirty pranks to Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film for the expected end as a planned break-out, using those behind the various traumas inflicted on the prisoners as hostages with the shooting erupting. <br /> <br /> I was quite impressed with the photographic work of a long time collaborator Demme, director of photography Tak Fujimoto, as he is able to establish some visually interesting moments within the confined prison boundaries, cells and rooms, not is an easy task. The prison is appropriately miserable and the girls, though quite attractive, look at the part of desperate detainees who yearn for the very souls of their souls, to escape such a horrible trap. Steele is superb as the director, understanding how to take the role close to the edge without going far, easily able to express her repressed character's insanity within a restriction ... watch how she works her glasses and accommodates without blowing the top . particularly when certain behaviors she disdains push her to the limit. Cale's blues score is unbelievably depressing at the same time as it also makes a wink to the audience that the movie is still entertaining-and-games ... I think Cale's score mirrors the way Demme handles the material . Cale and Demme's partnership is a mysterious alliance that presents the scene as a sad, isolated and oppressive place, while almost simultaneously it presents a humorous tone that permeates due to the colorful characters, thanks in part to the cast's personalities. My favorite scene happens outside the prison, as two of our girls (joining forces with a third) interrupt a bank robbery already in progress. The kicker was that it was a bank they were planning to steal! As you might expect, you get naked women in showers, imprisoned in solitary confinement, a catfight, shootings, misguided escape attempts, and other exploitative elements (such as a horrifying shock therapy session, not to exclude the shocking sequel mentioned). where the crazy doc takes advantage of Belle). Interesting enough, Demme reports the film to the public without a pretense blow, understanding exactly what kind of film he was making.
