When I think of 'Women in Prison', my mind often goes to despicable Italian / Spanish productions of directors like Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; and although these films are generally very despicable, they are also very similar and, after seeing one; you might as well have seen them all. I have to admit that these types of movies are not usually my favorites; but, in fact, the idea of ​​women behind bars has been very well done on several occasions outside Italy and Spain; and New World Pictures, by Roger Corman, is responsible for some of the best. Caged Heat is the directorial debut of Academy Award-winning director, Jonathan Demme, and it's a small, well-made movie with a lot of entertainment value! Of course, the film is centered on the story of a girl who is caught committing a crime and sent to a female prison where she is introduced to a series of violent prisoners. This prison is governed by Superintendent McQueen; and she is offended by a play of the girls; leading them to plot an escape. <br /> <br /> This film is much lighter in sleaze than I am accustomed to in a woman in prison film; but that's more than offset by some great action scenes and dialogue, and that's what makes the Caged Heat fun. It has to be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and basically follows a structure similar to many other women in prison films that came before it; but this is not such a big problem. The film never gets boring and is packed with highlights; including an attempted escape while working in a field and a bank robbery. The film is aided by the assured direction of the man who would follow the masterpiece The Silence of the Innocents and a great cast with many highlights; including best of all the legendary Barbara Steele as the head of the prison. Overall, the Caged Heat may not leave much to the viewer to think about until the end; but it's a brilliantly entertaining grindhouse movie and anyone who likes that kind of movie will definitely want to track it down.
