Jonathan Demme's debut for Roger Corman's legendary exploration outfit, New World Pictures, is considered one of the best classic grindhouse of the 1970s, always graceful in celluloid. Beautiful star of Russ Meyer, Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Doll Valley"), Gavin gives a robust and winning performance as a tough new tough fish that strives to persevere in a filthy and infernal penitentiary. The always fabulous Barbara Steele delivers a delightfully perverse portrait as the moody, crippled, and sexually frustrated director (her erotic dream of doing a slow, steaming striptease in front of the house ladies is really a big problem). Roberta, a long-time 70's actress of the '70s, Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers") Collins makes a hilarious and cheeky turn as a cheeky criminal cheekily forward and dirty-mouth who tells a dirty joke about Pinnochio . Lynda Gold (also known as Tobis Hooper's Crystin Sinclaire, "Eaten Alive" and "Ruby" by Curtis Harrington) makes her film debut as Wildcat's uninhibited Crazy Alice. And increasingly cute Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes an adorable and touching reprise of her fragile innocent and frightened role of "Lemora: The Tale of a Child's Supernatural." <br /> <br /> Although this image provides the expected wide range of gross language, nudity, rape and violence, it is by no means a typically gross and sexist piece of stupid filth; the film most effectively explores the many ways men exploit women cruelly and strongly affirm that women can overcome any obstacles by joining in a group to bravely face their misogynist oppressors as a powerful fighting force. Demme's zealous and confident direction comes with a glorious abundance of astutely observed incidental details and delightful moments of captivating and quirky human behavior. In addition, both the vibrant cinematography of Tak Fujimoto and John Cale's wonderful and painful blues score are 100% excellent. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack with the howler monster-rubber-monster-costume) is a spasmodic policeman who has his car stolen by a trio of prisoners when he stops at a gas station to use the bathroom. immensely enjoyable, "Caged Heat" qualifies as an absolutely essential sight for the drive-in movie fans of the '70s.
