COLD BLOOD has to be classified as a first-class film, even if the subject is as bleak as it sounds in the make-believe world, but film noir fans should definitely find this an exciting work, it starts with the song of Quincy Jones under the credits and dramatic visions of a road bus heading for Kansas City, effectively setting the mood of the film. even before the credits are finished. The black and white photograph of Conrad Hall does an excellent job from the start. Also clear from the start: ROBERT BLAKE and SCOTT Wilson are natural actors. They do a great job of portraying witty friends who are looking for the next emotion. "There are two kinds of rules in this world: one for the rich and one for the poor," says Wilson, taking a sip of alcohol at the wheel. Both are destined to cross the path of a family of farmers, without mercy and without witnesses. <br /> Blake, remembering movies and thinking about hunting gold in Mexico, he says. : "Remember Bogart in 'Treasure of the Sierra Madre'?" (An ironic moment, because Blake himself was in the movie as a little boy selling lottery tickets). "I locked you in on a natural killer," Wilson tells Blake. <br /> <br /> JOHN FORSYTHE is one of the main detectives in the case, finding that all four family members were tied up, shot in the head. and one of them had his throat cut off. "Do not people here lock their doors?" asks Paul Stewart. "They go tonight," is the concise answer. After the killings, the killers discovered that there was "no big fat safe on the wall," as the informants said. So in the end it was really a stupid and nonsensical crime. The question is: why did they do it? And that's something that the second half of the movie explores in depth. It takes an hour and a half for the film before the detectives talk to the killers and start the interrogation. <br /> <br /> These are the final scenes that lead to the most conviction and the greatest interest when the boys are informed that I made several mistakes and left a living witness. The actual events up to and including the murder are saved until the end. "It does not make sense," Blake tells Forsythe. "Mr. Cutter was a very nice gentleman. I thought well until the time I cut his throat." Richard Brooks's script is concise and to the point - and so is his direction. <br /> <br /> In short: brilliant depiction of two young men with no fate in a wave of crimes that made no sense at that time or now mere $ 43. Refrigeration.
