The premise of this film was one that focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. This was a highly flammable scenario in America, where two completely different cultures collided. What would justify such heinous and depraved actions, anyway? As this film presents the scene (while Hickock and Smith drank), these two men were not intoxicated, nor were they under any kind of drug influence! It was a clear case of cold and calculated deliberation. Basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect ... At any time after 1975, we, as a nation, cultivated an empathy for the deviations that were victimized by their actions. environment ... However, this incident occurs in 1959 !! This terrible revelation has brought us down and bogged down the nation in a conflicting spiral of ethics! With the recent release of the film "Capote" based on Truman Capote, who was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the American people cultivated a new fascination for this movie !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this movie ... This is apparently appropriate, given the notoriety that he has been involved with his personal life !! "In Cold Blood" focuses on the element of the unexplained ... There was no revenge involved, there was no material gain to be gained, there was no potential for social advancement here, this is merely an instance of a latent insidious insult. belligerent anger that ends certainly does not justify the means !! The situational diatribes that Hickock and Smith lamented were always ambiguous !! Under these circumstances, then why should they discount their frustrations in an innocent family anonymously and innocently in Kansas? Will Geer (Grandpa Walton) plays the promoter who is disgusted by this macabre caprice act !! His argument is completely convincing ... His statement is, "These two men who have not shown mercy are now asking for yours." This is a line of logic that would induce me to make a verdict of a conviction if I were one of the members of the jury !! Absolute contempt for his precarious situation in life does not serve as justification for orchestrating a capital crime !! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such an act of violence should have been brought to the attention of the American public !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things to come .. "In Cold Blood" did just that !! This incident was the calm before the storm related to a pertinent aspect of the emergency to the radical 60's !! Such a lethal charade also served as a vision of the isolated interests that would haunt many typical Americans for the future. Truman Capote does a tremendous job in authenticating this wild occurrence with his book, was a best seller) and with this documentary also ... The acting in that film by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson as well as people like John Forsythe, it was amazing !! Director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof," "Blackboard Jungle," "Elmer Gantry," and "Key Largo," to name a few!) Was excellent in his collaborative efforts in this movie !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in movie history !! The film portrays two reprehensible disagreements of depravity that plunged into demented theaters, and eventually captivated a trivial gratification by being recognized on a pejorative national level! ... This film points to a psychological discontent that incites an emerging group of counterculture. suppliers of violence !! The ideologies of our nation are incredibly different now, than they were in 1959 !! This film presents the American people to the emotional and hesitant culprits who have embarked on such a precarious metamorphosis in our general system of values ​​!! I recommend everyone to watch this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point for the movie "Capote"! Think about it, making a movie about a movie is a rare and coveted compliment in Hollywood !! In the case of Cold Blood, it is an extreme example of a film that is indirectly clairvoyant, rising intellectually and, of course, it is obvious that "In Cold Blood" was extremely fascinating, as well as a totally remarkable one. movie!!
