Easily one of the top ten films of the twentieth century. In Cold Blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his narrative, and absolutely fascinating. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake goes away with the movie. The story seems to be presented almost entirely from Perry's point of view, though Dick is the pair's leader and planner. The viewer will realize that Dick is more unstable, immature and generally feels that Perry would not have been dragged into this nightmare, but to Dick and his need to be someone and get a great score. Based on a true story with particular attention to accuracy, In Cold Blood portrays the story behind the brutal and foolish murder of a rural Kansas family on a stormy, stormy night because Dick bought an old myth rural economy over prosperous farmers having a full insurance policy in their home. As "promoter" (a character who is not given a name in the script), played by Will Geer, so cunningly points out, their lives are bought for only $ 10 per head. Director Richard Brooks wisely chose not to share with us the macabre details of the murders until the end of the film, before we only know this happened and we see the lives of Dick and Perry slowly unraveling as they try to escape not just being apprehended by the application of law, but also Perry's own sense of imminent danger. He repeatedly makes remarks, "No one ever goes out with such a thing," and "I can not help but think that we leave something behind that belongs to us." Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel any sense of guilt over crime, just irritation with Perry. In fact, after they are caught, it is Dick who breaks first, and suddenly faints when finally confronted with irrefutable evidence that puts the two men at the scene of the crime. I felt a little sorry for Perry since the beginning of the movie, and more, as the events progressed, but I just hated Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is the engaging way in which history is reproduced. We do not even for a moment think we're watching actors portray characters, but we're watching the actual attendees and events as they occurred. The story is relentless, provocation, the running time a little over two hours feels more like only a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed a couple of "The albums" listed here on the IMDb page of In Cold Blood are incorrect or exaggerated. Such as the "inverted" shot, at the beginning of the film, as Dick and Perry are crossing the bridge to Kansas. To begin with, this is not even a process take, the camera is actually positioned in the back seat and the image you see beyond the windshield of the car is real. A large cargo truck located on the left front of Dick's Pontiac creates the illusion that they are going back because they are traveling at a higher rate of speed but a more detailed examination will reveal that they are going forward and it is a real shot shot of a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, this is one of the ten best works of 20th century cinema, not recommended for the very young because of some course language and implied and inferred violence (it is not real on their face as a modern movie would appeal to), but a completely excellent film.
