The real crime story at the Cold Blood Center may seem a bit "meek" to those who are told in the classic stories of serial killers (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just the most notorious cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson) . The essential facts in the case do not arrive at anything horribly complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here interpreted by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, respectively) had some luck, conspired to rob the farm of a man in Kansas, and after killing a family of four people with a shotgun and dagger left with 43 dollars. In addition to his return to the US after fleeing briefly to Mexico, there is also not much mystery to the resolution. They were caught by some ironic stroke of luck (a police officer followed them and stopped them for having a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man collect bottles for exchange), and sentenced to hang by the neck until they died. The story ended in 1965. But it's the handling of the story, moments of discussion, the performances, a cinematographic touch that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (the late / grand) DP Conrad Hall offers in black and crisp white widescreen, and a storytelling style that looks realistic without going into too much naturalism or melodrama (save perhaps near the end, which is the perfect tone). The air of tragedy hovers over history, not so much because of its own killing, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man invoked, as the narrator notes, Smith and Hickcock coming together, but because of the inevitability of history. You feel somehow for these criminals, who in other hands would just be conventional figures or something out of a B movie. These are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least all the time. <br /> <br /> It's also a great road-movie, as we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down. to the Clutter residence (the actual night crime scene taking place at the end of the movie), then to Mexico, then back to America heading to Las Vegas. We dive into the personalities of these two, probably even more than the police detectives who at first have no clues and finally get a break with an inmate. It's really kind of disturbing to get so close to these two (something like the aimless quality of Malick's Badlands characters), and it's also a sign of boldness for the period. There is no sermon, like "he did it because of it and this or the other." We see how Smith had a psychotic and abusive father, but Smith loved him and hated him. The complexity of there is too much for the film, perhaps too much for Capote's book (which, I must confess, I still have to read, though I plan). And we see Hickcock is a slippery creature of confidence (that is, taking the suit and other things with bottomless checks), but without any deep explanation for all of this. The trait of fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the toughest of the '60s, and it is Brooks' luck to have his stars as Blake in his top-of-the-pop performance (this one and Lost Highway, curiously considering his real-life saga in recent years, his quintessence pieces of work), and Wilson's advance before becoming a character actor. While they are surrounded by a good work of support, they themselves are absorbing frighteningly, guided more or less by the greed and fantasies of escapism with treasure, and remaining practically anchored in their situation across the aisle of death and through their ends. This is a moral of the story, if there is one, is it more horrible to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be classified, that good versus evil be erased? Smith apologized for his crime before being hanged, and he points out, "but for whom?" This is a story meant to give the hardened true crime fans the chills and is arguably the best American film of 1967.
