Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Clutter, of Holcomb, Kansas, keeps a large amount of money available in a safe. On November 15, 1959, at two o'clock in the morning, they ended up killing Mr. and Mrs. Clutter. teenage son and daughter.After a small police investigation the two men are found and sentenced to be hanged.In Cold Blood (1967) is directed by Richard Brooks.Now I have not read the novel of Truman Capote on which this film is based , so I can not make any comparison. The film does a brilliant job of telling those horrible events that actually happened. Robert Blake is excellent as Perry. Of course Blake had the murder case of his own a few years ago, being accused of murdering his wife. He is free now, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever that may be, he's still an excellent actor. Scott Wilson does a great job as Hickock. John Forsythe is fantastic as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock. Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McLiam plays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is son Kenyon. Great job from each of them. There's a lot to remember from this movie. Let's start It's great when Perry wants to go hunting for gold in Mexico and tells Hickock: Remember Bogart in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ? "And Blake himself was in that movie as a boy, and it's a fun time when they, hitching up that boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and hand them in for reimbursement. , where you see the murders going on, it is extremely difficult. terrifying. When Perry is going to kill the girl, Nancy last, and she says, "Oh please, no" ... The brutality of man, it is impossible to explain. In the last image of the movie, we see Perry coming to the end of the rope, smiling movies and movies can try to sympathize with these villains, especially the character of Perry is someone of whom you may feel pity.He thinks of his mother and father, whom he hates, but still loves.But that does not change the fact that these two men portray these actors as brutal murderers, who feel no pity for any They go to this house and kill a whole man. family, in cold blood. How could you sympathize with these people?
