As I matured, my fascination with Academy awards evolved from an intense interest to casual amusement. As in some other comments I've written, the bizarre results of the Oscar vote are often hard to explain. The omission of "Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five nominees for Best Picture is one of those unexplained examples, especially when one of the nominations that year went to Dr. Dolittle. While only an insomniac or masochist would attune to the disaster of Rex Harrison, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of Truman Capotes's novel of nonfiction maintains his ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him completely exhausted by the final fading. While there is nothing particularly graphic or creepy on the screen, the movie is definitely adult stuff. Based on a multiple murder in Nebraska in the 1950s and shot in the actual locations where the murders occurred, "In Cold Blood" was filmed by master cinematographer Conrad Hall in black and white, and his screen compositions demanded to be seen in their correct proportion widescreen aspect ratio. Along with Quincy Jones' disquieting score, Hall's work should have been credited above the title with Brook's script as the three pillars upon which this intense classic is built. The performances are also good. Scott Wilson is all cold spell and Robert Blake intense introversion as the two assassins. (There's an inside joke at one point when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Sierra Madre Treasure" while the duo are heading for Mexico.) As a child star, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in that John Huston movie.) The film, like the book, is definitely inclined towards murderers and has a penchant for the death penalty, although the lack of remorse of the killers denies this feeling a little, despite the final scenes difficult to watch. Some criticized the film because it focuses on criminals, their backgrounds and lives, while the Clutter family, who were literally cold-blooded in the middle of the night, appear as one-dimensional characters of little importance. This lack of balance comes from the book, since Capote spent a lot of time with the two assassins while they were on the death row. The Clutter family apparently was not searched at the same depth. However, whatever feelings someone may have for or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" will leave you bogged down in conflicting thoughts. Generate a double account with "Dead Man Walking", and you can not talk for days.
