In the year 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a fascinating thriller of 1967 - has two new interesting contexts that had not previously. First, and most chilling, is the fact that his star, Robert Blake, was recently tried for murdering his wife. Second, the recent Oscar-winning biopic "Capote," showed the confused story of the author of the true crime tale, Truman Capote. These two new twists make the film fit for a modern audience. As an independent film of its time, "In Cold Blood" is top-notch in every way. Most notable is the stunning black and white cinematography of Conrad Hall (later famous for "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition"). Many of the stills of this Kansas farmhouse movie at night or the wooded country roads could be sold as an art photograph. Combined with Brooks's cracker-jack direction and superb editing in the early scenes (where we see the mundane everyday life of the innocent family about to be slaughtered senselessly beautifully intertwined with the plot of the two unfortunate murderers), a rich and melancholy atmosphere is created that sets the stage for fascinating suspense (even when everyone knows how all this will end, because all are based on real-life events). It is also great to see in this day and age how brilliantly staged a distressing murder scene can be described where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the viewer subliminally with only a drop of blood shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also well anchored by Robert Blake's sinister performance as the most sympathetic and insanely brutal side of the matador duo. The flashback scenes of his horrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there's the scene at the end of the movie, where he's talking to the Reverend before being sent to the gallows and making his last "confession", so to speak. It is one of those classic moments of cinema that is a perfect marriage of courageous acting, excellent writing, impeccable direction and amazing photography. I dare you to erase from your mind the glaring image of the reflection of the rain from the window that flows through Robert Blake's pale face instead of real tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that hinders "Cold Blood" is the slow moving act of the middle, where the killers are on the run and the forced nature of the social commentary at the end. The political message attached about the death penalty is secondary to its appealing description of the mad assassins and their prey.
