Imagine turning off the lights at your remote home on a cold night and then going to bed. There is no need to lock the doors. The only sound is the wind whistling through the trees. Sometime after midnight, a car with lights on the driveway. Moments later, an intruder puts a flashlight into his dark living room. <br /> <br /> What makes this image so scary is the environment: a remote farm ... at night. Based on Truman Capote's bestseller, and with B & W lighting comparable to the best 40's noir movies, "In Cold Blood" presents a terrifying story, especially in that first act, since the plot takes place largely during night and in the soggy country. roads. It's the stuff of nightmares. But this is not a dream. The events really happened in 1959. Two con artists with heads full of delirium kill an entire Kansas family looking for a stock of money that does not exist. Director Richard Brooks used the real places where real life events took place, even the farmhouse ... and its interior! It's a memorable and amazing film. <br /> <br /> Both protagonists resemble the two real-life killers. Robert Blake is more than convincing as Perry Smith, short and corpulent with a bruised leg, who dreams of finding Cortez's buried treasure. Scott Wilson is almost as good as Dick Hickock, the soft-spoken con man with an American smile. <br /> <br /> After the kill, the pair goes to Mexico. Things go wrong there, so they go back to the US, steal cars, hitchhike, and often get unhappy as they wander from one place to another. But it's a fool's life, and the two bad guys soon regret their actions. The last twenty minutes of the movie are fascinating, as the rain falls, the rope tightens, and all we hear is the beating of a beating heart. Even with his half-worldly act, "In Cold Blood" stages in fascinating detail a real-life story that still mesmerizes, almost half a century later. It is this setting that does this. Do you think people in rural Kansas still leave their doors unlocked ... at night?
