Although it was released in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD continues to be the benchmark by which all crime films are matched. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted Truman Capote's nonfiction book into a chilling docudrama that retains a disturbing power to this day, thirty-five years later. Robert Blake and Scott Wilson play Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-offenders who, in a tip from former Hicock cellist Floyd Wells, invaded Herbert Clutter's home in Holcomb, Kansas, looking for a wall safe supposedly containing $ 10,000. But no safe was found, and the two men ended up killing mr. Clutter, his wife and two children, escaped with only a radio, a pair of binoculars, and a whopping forty dollars. Two months on the run, including aimless "vacation" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police picked them up in a stolen car. But finally, after being ruthlessly yammered by law enforcement officers in Kansas, it turns out that these two men committed this heinous crime at Holcomb. Judged and convicted of four counts of murder, they were imprisoned for a period of five years of appeals and denials until they were both hanged to death on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith are absolutely chills. the two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they did, but are worried about getting caught. John Forsythe also performs well as Alvin Dewey, the chief crime investigator, as well as Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is faithful to Capote's book and a good artistic play on all sides, Brooks does not show the murders at first; instead he shows the two assassins going to the Clutters' house when the last light goes out, then cuts off to the next morning and the horrifying discovery of the bodies. Only during the return trip to Kansas, when Blake is interrogated by Forsythe and tells the story, we see the true horror of what happened that night. We do not see much blood being poured into these scenes, but we do not have to. The shotgun explosions and the horrified look on the faces of the Clutters, as they know they are about to die, are more than disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to the explicitly bloody violence of the horror film. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed in cold blood in black and white, and the results are excellent thanks to the experience of Conrad Hall. Quincy Jones's chilling jazz score is the capper. The end result is one of the most disturbing movies of all kinds, devastating in its own discreet fashion. It is a 134-minute study of a crime that has shaken an entire state, and indeed an entire nation, and must be seen, although the spectator's discretion is recommended; the 'R' rating is there for a reason.
