For anyone with a moderate sensitivity, a moderate feeling of human and human condition, for anyone capable of surpassing Hollywood, for anyone who is satisfied seeing the cinema that does not have a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes blowing up the brains of someone or seeing who goes to bed with whom, for anyone whose intellectual level attains the ability to understand, sympathize, understand, laugh WITH, CRY WITH HYLOSS and compassionate human HUMAN compassionate, 'Le Huitième Jour' is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael simply could not get a masterpiece, which would have been too simplistic; he has achieved one of those rare monumental works of art in the film world that challenges any kind of encapsulation. Is it a drama? It's a comedy? No: it's the story of Georges, a wonderful lamentable funny laughable amorous beautiful frightened personality, a sufferer of the Downes Syndrome. It's a story that has you laughing through your tears, but this is not one of those classic tears; This movie moves through a world that has you at the same time blending your feelings of compassion, compassion or even shame with those of wonder, warmth and even love. A successful banker, Harry, runs into Georges: they were both going in opposite directions with absolutely opposite ideas, problems, and priorities; deftly van Dormael melts these two unlikely men into a warm friendship, but that is much more than the good friendship between friends who have a beer on the road. This is a relationship that develops into a deep need of both for the other. The quasi-surrealist scenes fit perfectly: Georges remembers (or invents) scenes of his life while dreaming or dreaming awake; even the almost ghostly final scene is totally correct. The only scene that can be considered a little out of place is when they steal a bus and kick you out of show-rooms. However, this does not diminish the whole. This movie is a monument. Even if your French does not do much, please wait with subtitles. "Le Huitième Jour" is worth it. As for anything else, well, just read the following comments ?? I go along with them all. This movie is a joy, it is majestic, it is unique. If you've seen "Rain Man," which I consider to be a great movie, you should see this: it is far superior because it lacks the superficial veneer of world-famous actors produced in Hollywood; has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? Ten oscars for these two and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not collapse. <br /> <br /> Magnify! Hat!
