This film has the full size and grandeur of many of the great biblical epics of the 50s and 60s. But it is also perhaps the first that really humanizes the biblical characters themselves. The best thing is that it does not diminish in the viewer's eyes. This is a unique and compelling balance that helps us realize that even great people like David are imperfect people who find their faith and greatness in facing their shortcomings. <br /> <br /> The actors are all first-rate in Gilbert Barnett's film as David's second son, Absolom, to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at his best in this movie. His own style of acting sincere, but greater than life, is right here. She is always the seductress, but she plays the role in such a way that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the prophet. As a kid, when I first saw the movie, Massey looked like he really had just talked to the Lord himself and it was an awesome sight. Undoubtedly, he also contributed to the great music composed by the always incredible Alfred Newman, who also had great successes in other Biblical epics like "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story of All Time" along with perhaps another 100 films too! Leon Shamroy's film photography is well made and increases the size, but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a really underrated film director who, like William Wyler, has never turned into a genre, brings together a larger production than life that never loses the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's deep struggle with his faith in God. The path traveled in this movie could have been very mushy, but King keeps real and interesting all the way. Moreover, we never lose the sense of mystery in trying to understand the will of God, just as David himself is struggling with it. From the first scene where a soldier dies trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (paraphrasing) that no one can understand the will of God. This is the journey we embark on to the mighty finale at which David finally confronted us. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie belongs to Gregory Peck, who is as wonderful as King David. Your David is a man you can believe could rule a country ruthlessly, but who was once a faithful singer of psalms. This is one of your best performances. <br /> <br /> I do not see this movie on television anymore, but when I do, I never stop watching it. I think it still looks great today.
