Is there no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba? "I was quite a hand with a sling," "The king of all Israel out there in the dark, exposing himself to the enemy" (full of notes to Dennis Hooey for delivering the one with a serious face), "Go and sit down, with the concubines. " And somehow I doubt that a bored David told the prophet Nathan "Whatever you say." He even tries the old routine "My kingdom does not understand me" from the desperate housewife Bathsheba at a certain time. So it's probably a tribute to Henry King's direction that the film is not all bad, despite the pitfalls most of the first third offers. Maybe it's the nature of the plot line? a married man kills the husband of a femme fatale and goes unpunished! ??? but King reveals the increasing moral and theological complexities in Phillip Dunne's script rather than increasing sin and hokum sandals. This is the David conflict on the hillside, abandoned by a vindictive God he no longer understands, and the film does not stray from the unquestioned questions about why a loving deity would choose to take revenge on the innocent rather than the guilty. . It even offers a genuinely surprising critique of the sexual inequality of law, where husbands fail to punish their wives. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who marginalized the king in favor of the admittedly most interesting Saul, David is firmly in the center of the drama and despite an interesting display of spasms on his shoulders and a frankly close-up Ashamed to visit the site of Saul and Jonathan's death, Gregory Peck's performance grows in stature as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is pure Hollywood professional, Raymond Massey is a properly theatrical prophet (why be a naturalist when you have a voice that does the earthquake itself?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah an uncompromising rebuilt chauvinist that you can not blame exactly for putting it in the way of danger, but despite threatening to molest the film does not allow David a moral get out of prison card free on his death. With a surprisingly strong but moderate design and a Technicolor photography, this is definitely a cut above most of the Biblical epics of the 40's and 50's. <br /> <br /> Fox's new DVD is a good download, including an incredibly mushy 'behind the scenes'. short and a trailer with brief deleted shots from the movie's battle scene.
