This film is famous for several qualities: a literary script, once for the production of partially religious films, by Philip Dunne, some very good performances, a first-rate production in all departments and his intelligent direction by the veteran Henry King. If someone made a movie, getting talent like Leon Shamroy as cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director, and Alfred Newman as the original songwriter would ensure quality output. Adding the cast of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, plus a dance of Gwen Verdon and expectations can be raised that the resulting film could be transformed into something special. But in a biblical subject script, usually a subgenre prone to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything would ultimately depend on the author's abilities. Philip Dunne provided human beings, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this multifaceted film, not somebody doing mythical actions on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes you curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-deprecating and attractive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is hardly the perfect choice, but conveys a good deal of worldliness of common sense and emotional normality that helps to understand why the king of Israel would risk so much for her. The rest of the cast is strong and capable of turns. The family plot gives them little to work on, but author Dunne and the cast do their best with human situations. David's youth is told in flashback; as he was chosen by a prophet of the Lord to be the king of Israel, and gains his way to stand second to the king, Saul, defeating Goliath the Phiistine in battle when all else is afraid to barbar the giant warrior. After that, he is finally expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior, and returns to reclaim the kingdom and become the instrument of the death of Jonathan the son of the king, formerly a friend. His wars are successful - the movie actually opens with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty since his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and is cold to him. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees from the roof of the palace bathing naked; later, she admits she expected him to see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, it is necessary for Uriah to enter the battlefield and spend time at home; Instead, he asks David to put him on the front line of the battle, even after being awakened by the Verdon dance. David agrees. He is dead, a war hero; but that does not solve the issue of infidelity. The drought comes to Israel, and the king's infidelity is blamed for the phenomenon. Finally, David puts his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and sheltered in a temple, which caused the death of others who accidentally contacted him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David leaves the temple and discovers that the rain has come to his arid land. This film is always interesting, varied in its types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and author make use of the observer principle, and are frankly more successful in humanizing the characters than in almost all the films outside the grecianized canon of the Near East, where the feat is a little easier, since neither themes miracles and religious are central. such adventures. . Well remembered for his brilliant insight, good performances and clever dialogue, this dramatic effort is repeated.
