Not being a fan of first person shooting, I was very hesitant to play this game. After I played the demo, I was sold. Undying really succeeds in pulling you into the game and being part of the universe in which your character is. You have this green amulet, called "Gel'ziabar Stone" which has special powers and warns you about specific events or things to look at. With a special spell "the scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking in a hallway you suddenly hear the magic stone whisper: "Look", with the stone shining, for example, in a painting. And then using the scrye spell you can see some strange and scary things in the painting. Let me tell you to witness something like this is scary as hell. People who hope to finish this game in a few hours can forget that even with the use of tricks. This game depends on the character using intelligence and walking around carefully. Because, as in any horror movie, its surroundings are usually very dark. And ghosts and monsters randomly appear when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is a scene in which you want to get into a room where you are pushed back so hard that it takes moments for you to realize what has happened. This was a scene that could have come straight from the horror classic "Evil Dead"! To experience something like that is a real achievement. There are many elements that lead "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever produced. But unfortunately I have to report that there are some flaws. On the one hand, the universe in which you are playing is huge. You get into a grand mansion with all sorts of hidden secret rooms and even a hidden dimension of hell called "Oneiros". All right at first. But with all loading times and some tough enemies in between, this can become frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires you to memorize your surroundings. So patience is needed. There are also some jumping puzzles that you have to do otherwise you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms in third person adventures. But in the first person mode it can be a boring task. Fortunately you can save money anytime, anywhere. And believe me, you'll need it. Overall, "Undying" is an extraordinary first person shooter game that deserves to be played by any horror or game fan.
