My scalp is still smart with the coals glowing when I swore I love this movie. Bring the coals; I'll walk on them too to say again that I love "Bend It Like Beckham". Granted, there is much "in spite of" in this confession. It's a little movie of the week; the script is on the ink-by-numbers side. And, most disturbingly, the director's comment implies that in this movie the beauty can be found mainly among the white of the skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not in what is obvious to the eye manipulated by Syd Field: character arches themes, construction. It is on the surface and in what is hidden in the depths, but not in those layers of artistic ground that the reviewers look at most often. Powerful female bodies, sometimes semi-dressed, not only exposed but kicking the crap out of a soccer ball, do a better job of naturalizing female strength and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will ever do. These are real bodies (with the exception of Keira Knightley) whose job is not to look great first and kick the butt later. They are working bodies whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, the lead actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on screen? not only because she can claim that banal, "luminous" adjective, but because her performance has an honesty and a non-book intelligence that is totally convincing. <br /> <br /> The result is a movie that women can enjoy without feeling like they are making a pact with the devil to do this. As in Chadha's "Bride and Prejudice," women's relationships thrive on chemistry that can not fit into the categories of "best friends" or "sisters." Maybe Chadha is right in her commentary to deny the film's flirtation with lesbianism. "Bend It Like Beckham" has electricity that can not be reduced to the simple straight / homosexual love triangle that his conventionally structured script would suggest. Does the precise nature of your pleasure ultimately be a bit of a mystery? and is even more seductive to it. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, and did I mention that it's hilarious?
