The saddest thing about this movie is that only 8 people bothered to leave a review and no one thought it would be worth leaving a comment in the forums. <br /> <br /> He did the same year as Philadelphia ... the Oscar winner Tom Hanks ... this is the movie that people REALLY should have seen and awarded. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than in any other gay film I have seen ... and it's all true. <br /> <br /> For this to happen, printed I need to leave a few more lines of text: suffice it to say that anyone who REALLY wants to know what it was like to be gay in the 60s and 70s, and to understand exactly what AIDS was like before of the modern drinks "cocktails" "allowed people to breathe a little easier ... this is the movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I will add a personal comment about AIDS.After all, it has been called a "gay cancer", and governments have preferred to "let them die" instead of spending a penny on research for But when the heterosexual people started to get sick too, the only organizations and associations that were available to they were the ones who had been created by the gays themselves (examples: The Names Project: the commemorative quilt of all those who died of AIDS; Act Up etc.) The result is that people who would probably never have contacted gays in their ordinary lives suddenly found themselves counting on them and needing them because no other organization existed. This close contact, in my opinion, is what finally broke down the barriers of prejudice and allowed the straight world to finally accept gays as equals. When AIDS first came on the scene, many of us thought the heterosexual world would use it as a way to attack us even more ... and that would probably be true if people suddenly did not suddenly get sick; however, the advances that have been made in gay liberation - to the point that as I write this, there are at least five countries in the world that accept gay marriage - those gains would probably have taken a lot longer without AIDS to bring us together. It is sad to think that all those people - both heterosexual and gay - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I am writing here is true, and I think it is - then there is a little comfort to be taken to realize that all those people did not die in vain.
