"Dragonlord" sees Chan returning to his "Dragon" role of "The Young Master." Not much has transited the first movie though. "Tiger," his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; nor is Marshall, his daughter or his son played superbly by Yuen Biao in the original movie. Dragon has the same master - presumably, all the other students have changed to other things. (Dragon sloth in training is portrayed heavily in this film, so maybe he's still studying!) Originally titled "Young Master In Love," this movie shows Dragon (for the first sixty minutes at a minimum) chasing a village girl in various ways idiots and asses. His rival for his affection is his friend (improperly named "Cowboy") played comically by the long-time member of Chan Stunt's Mars team. We see several scenes where their foolish schemes backfire. It's one of those scenes that we (fortunately) found "Dragon" in his head. <br /> <br /> This movie is notorious for having failed at the box office. That being said, I'm sure expectations were very high, and I think this movie has never had a fair trial based on its own merits. But even when I try to do that, I still feel like there's a problem with the movie. It seems rather out of focus, sometimes rushed, and I think the action is very sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's other work of that period. <br /> <br /> What really saves the movie is the final sequence. As in "The Young Master", there's a fantastic final roller full of incredibly tiresome action - you really feel every hit. And again, Chan goes against the same rival of "The Young Master" (is it the same character?), And the time and energy here are brilliant. Chan's style of using every bit of his environment to help defeat his opponent - not just relying on pure physical ability - is as apparent here as anywhere else. The barn in which they fight is full of little jokes and improvisations. This is an absolute highlight of the film and one of Chan's incredible careers. <br /> <br /> It is not necessary to see the prequel before seeing "Dragonlord", in fact, it may even raise more questions than expected. answer. But it must be said that the original film is the top film, and "Dragonlord", with its focus on chasing girls and collective sports, seems bewildering. Fortunately, the few fight scenes he offers (plus a fantastic cockpit scene) impose him as a must-see movie in this genre.
