Although Louis B. Mayer allegedly was not interested in signing the contract with young Greta Garbo, this first American and MGM film for the actress looked very handsome. It is obvious that the film has received an incredible talent to film the production and to make matte paintings, since it has all the polish and cunning that you would expect of the best photos that the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo, like her other American films, she also looks different. While she is quite recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would become just a year later - giving her a less severe look and a gentleness about her that you simply have not seen in subsequent movies. I kind of wish they had kept that look, but considering how famous she has become with the trademark look, who am I to say that they should not have gone that way? The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unjustly forced to leave their land by the landlord. While the owner, the much respected Doña Bernarda, claims that it is because the bank demanded payment, it is because her son fell in love with Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to force him out on the streets! Beautiful lady, eh? The years go by and now Garbo has become a new sensation of singing that is world famous. When she returns to her hometown years later, her former boyfriend (who had promised to marry her, but gave up when her mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow it) sees her. Your new love for another lady is now tested - will he content himself to marry this lady who is the heiress of a huge pig fortune or will she want her old passion? And, more importantly, will Garbo take him back after he behaved so miserly? Meanwhile, a huge storm hits. The earth begins to flood and the houses are soon being carried away by the flood. Cortez and a friend make a mad dash when the dam breaks! In a scene where they obviously overlapped the rowing boat over the cascading stream, he finally gets out alive and into the house where Garbo is now. She gets them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes. So he admits he still loves her and faced the storm to make sure she was safe. She tells him to get lost! Then you see Ricardo about to marry his second choice, the daughter of King Pork. He obviously has little enthusiasm for it - and you feel sorry for the lady, since she did not do anything wrong. Soon, Cortez is seen wandering back to Garbo's house - he's sick and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is quite bright and can not tell him to leave - as they dissolve in each other's arms. Again, he tells her of his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns this, she is not satisfied. Of course, a Pig Queen is a better choice than an internationally known singer. Because of the intrusion of this unpleasant old lady, Garbo departs - not wanting to be between the mother and her weak son. But Cortez comes running - announcing that he must have her and will not rest until he has her as his wife. Moments after making this proclamation, a family friend talks to Cortez and convinces him to give it up for the sake of his career and reputation. So much for "will not rest until he has her for his wife", huh?! Although Cortez is a coward, for some reason, she can not hate him. And so, he marries the Pig Queen and lives a very dull life. When years later Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a bland middle-aged man - while she looks beautiful as ever. And, not surprisingly, she tells him, again, to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this movie was made, Garbo was not a star in the United States and Cortez was. So in the light of that, it's surprising that they gave Cortez such a nasty character to play. Instead of the usual confident role of Valentino that they were giving him, here he is an undecided coward - a great coward. And, from now on, his career was in a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped establish her as a big star - as she was the focus of the film and played a character much like her characters later. <br /> <br /> As for the film, the new song composed because it was very good, although a bit repetitive. The impression, strangely, was almost perfect everywhere, except for the interlacing cards - which could use some restoration. <br /> <br /> A nicer movie - cleverly constructed, melancholy and worthy of being seen. And for one of the few times I can think of it, I have no real complaints in this great film.
