The bored and unfortunate young Zandalee (a winning and vibrant performance of the hot brunette knockout Erika Anderson) feels trapped in a disheartened, loveless marriage with the failed poet Thierry Martin (a solid and credible portrait of Judge Reinhold). Zandalee has an adulterous affair with sleazy and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (deliciously thrown into Nicolas Cage's fist). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be recovered? Or will everything fall apart and go to seed? Director Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Mari Kornhauser threw a thick story about the novel-style histrionic while trying to tell an aspiring serious and insightful story about uncontrolled desire and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot comes out gloriously from rails in the last ridiculously histrionic third. The dialogue is equally hilarious, silly and vulgar (sample line: "I want to shake you and eat you alive"). Better yet, this movie certainly delivers a lot of sexy female nudity (the sculpturally stunning Anderson seems to smoke hot on the chandelier) and sizzling soft-core sex scenes (Johnny and Zandalee doing the dirty act at a booth of the confessional church rates as a high point definitive fumigation). The tart'n'tangy scene of New Orleans adds an extra seasoning to the already thought-provoking process. With his long disheveled black hair, greasy mustache, dirty mouth and coarse manners, Johnny, from Cage, is an absolute hoot as the crassest "romantic" that has ever left the path to celluloid. The cast deserves props to act with admirable sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold do a respectable job with their parts, with the support of Joe Pantoliano as the extravagant friend of Zandalee, Gerri, Viveca Lindfors as the wise mother of Tatry, Aaron Neville as nice bartender Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny, cheerfully shameless thief. Walt Lloyd's crisp, brilliant cinematography gives the image a bright, attractive look. Pray for Rain's harmonious and tasty score also hits the spot. A riot deliciously exaggerated and unpleasant.
