I saw 'New York: I love you' today and I loved it! I was really looking forward to seeing it after watching 'Paris je t'aime' and overall I think I liked it a lot better ... Maybe I need to watch 'Paris je t'aime' again I do not know .. I read some of the reviews here about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without its flaws. When you're paying tribute to a city like New York - it can be quite oppressive and nothing seems fair enough to do justice to the city ... so without elaborating any of the shortcomings of the movie, I'll write about what I do Unlike 'Paris je t'aime', in which each director's short film was duly segmented and titled, NY: ILY is not and many critics here found the fluidity of the stories and the overlapping of characters here annoying and even confusing. I thought different. I loved how stories just flowed one after another and I especially liked the overlap of characters - it can be confusing because it's often done in movies now. But I still liked it because I did not find it forced. And the idea that we're all connected at the end has a melancholy and even extravagant quality - something that some may find corny, but I find it pretty. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but what touched the most was that of Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well acted and scripted that the revelation at the end - again unused in the past - brought me to tears and I was crying for the whole segment that followed. I've always liked Wright Penn and now I'm a Chris Cooper fan too. Those precious early seconds, when he's alone outside the restaurant shortly before receiving the call-talk a lot about Cooper's ability to convey a character just by being there without saying anything. Most of the stories in this movie involve characters who are meeting for the first time or have met recently, with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and I may be wrong) that the stories were different, but they were all trying to bring out the point, the very need, to simply step back and see in a new light the people and things we knew. in our lives for a long time; see people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and enjoy them as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. The other films I liked were Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, with Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they are at the cafe. I really need to see more of Yvan Attal's work as I seem to like him a lot! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read the comments before watching! It may not live up to your expectations about what a movie about and about love in New York should be and I doubt any movie really matches that conception. Just watch this movie to see good music, a beautiful landscape cinematography, a little comfort from a slice of life and a story or two that can just pull your heart strings.
