New York, I Love You finally comes to our backs, but their 10 tales about love somehow found no reason to be cast in Valentine, probably due to the fact that this year's festival also falls on the Lunar New Year, and with this comes with LNY's blockbuster films such as Jackie Chan (no, The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who traditionally released their latest film during this period to a resounding success. So why fix a formula that has not been broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing on the concept where Paris, Je T'aime started to generate the City of Love Franchise (Shanghai will be the next, so says the end of the final credits here), the buzz here is definitely about the stories intertwined in one of the world's cities to allow for various interpretations of filmmakers to create love-based stories as a theme, although someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finer points in the basic rules of the sandbox, and her short was taken without ceremony of the theatrical edition for not being able to fit into everything else (well, it was filmed in black and white), but here is hope that you get to the DVD at least. Structurally, this series is less compartmentalized compared to its predecessor, that if memory serves me right, it has individual stories placed within its own limits and never actually breaking its artificial artifacts. created borders. Here a little more freedom is given, where characters from various stories interact in short fill segments used to merge scenes together, and not just dependent on captures made of buildings and landscapes, hoping to make things look a bit more serendipitous with the idea of ​​casual encounters between strangers, although a story cleverly adopted this mentality for its own narrative to deliver a surprise, although already seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the main attractions to sit through a film like this, are definitely the creative forces behind the stories, writers, directors and filmmakers from various geographies and backgrounds mirroring the composition of the cosmopolitan city , joining for a concept film. And what more the star-studded cast too, with big names among the lesser known all raising the bet through perfect performances, be it for the whole duration of the short, or as a support to build. You can not deny the star star look at recognizing the notables, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who had also written and directed chores), Rachel Bilson (looking quite like Bardot) to Spielberg's blue-eyed boy Shia LaBeouf, who surprisingly can Aja, and shows more in his few minutes here than all his filmography until today. <br /> <br /> Wise history, like any anthology, you will find some that will automatically appeal to you, and with others that do not. Some are direct in nature, while others have to come with cryptic twists that have happily worked. But these 10 more stories (because Randall Balsmeyer was tasked with integrating everything into a more organic sense, instead of just picking up plans from lesser-known areas and established milestones) somehow lacked the "everything" spirit of his predecessor, with stories more rooted in reality compared to some of the fantastic elements of the previous film (Elijah Wood's flirtation with any vampire?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle and Tom Tykwer, starring Natalie Portman). Here it seemed that the filmmakers chose a lot for safety, without any venturing into this spirit of adventure and experiment. <br /> <br /> Smaller discussions aside, I still enjoyed almost every short here, contrary to what many others have felt about it. The short-form format is still very much alive, and having them together in a resource under the banner of Love City works well, and left me wondering what other cities are or were included in their programming. I'm hoping that maybe the franchise will pick up and spread its influence here. We certainly have enough prolific filmmakers to tie a Singapore, I Love You, so here it is crossing my fingers that maybe something materializes along the way. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route of just doing it without any attachments to the house franchise rules.
