When I was born, this television series was the number one show on TV !! The United States has synthesized the feat of the marshy country with great ambitions, unlimited potential and a very comfortable economy! After a great Sunday dinner, why not sit and watch "Bonanza" in color !!! This homey western evokes an American tradition that accompanies the complacency of the typical US home during the era in which it was seen. The breathtaking cinematography of Lake Tahoe symbolized an infinite prosperity of emerging American culture !! Western movies were so popular that Western television shows followed suit !! This was a period in time in our country that longed for a concise reflection on our own country's struggle for survival !! The final outcome of the trials and tribulations at the Ponderosa Ranch, as demonstrated in this series, has awakened the perception that Americans are now enjoying the fruits of Cartwright's hard work !! <br /> <br /> The TV show "Bonanza" was popular for so many different reasons, mainly due to the fact that the late fifties and early sixties had not yet established the division of two different cultural mentalities who were ready to emerge with our nation! The unification of ideologies in the United States that prevailed during the premiere of "Bonanza" was a great reason for the success of the show !! In the last years of the series, "Bonanza" established a firmly entrenched central market television audience !! The cast of "Bonanza" became famous, and the healthy entertainment of "Bonanza" encompassed a camaraderie for the all-American idealist !! Everyone enjoyed "Bonanza" and many Americans loved it !! Reflecting on the rough and tumbling family values ​​is a favorite past time of many Americans, and the television show "Bonanza" was perfect for that state of mind !! I really enjoyed the show, and most people I know too! Certainly, my whole family loved "Bonanza" !! This show was one of the American classics of all time in the history of television !!
