"Cinderella" is one of Disney's most beloved classics. And that really deserves your status. Based on the classic fairy tale told by Charles Perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of Cinderella, a good girl who is mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally unpleasant sisters. When a real ball is held and all eligible girls are invited (read: the king wants the prince to marry), Cinderella is left at home while her stepmother takes her terrible daughters with her. But there is a fairy godmother in the hand ... <br /> <br /> The story of "Cinderella" alone would not be able to fill a resource, so, although they generally remain true to the story, quite incidental characters of the animals that the fairy godmother uses to help bring the title character to the ball become true partners of Cinderella. Jaq and Gus rats are the main partners, and their own foe is Lucifer's stepmother's cat. Their antics usually entwine with the main fairy tale plot, and are mostly wonderful. Admittedly, the film slows down a little bit between the main introduction of the characters and just before the sisters move away to the ball, but after that slowdown, the film really continues again and surprisingly (since "Cinderella" is the most worn-out story of all time, probably) ends up being one of the most engaging stories of Disney. <br /> <br /> The animation and art direction is lovely. All the legendary Nine Old Men animated in this photo, and Mary Blair color style and conceptual art (she also did conceptual art and color style for "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "The Three Knights" and many others) can move on the screen. The colors and designs are beautiful, especially in the scenes of fairy godmother and ball, as well as in those beautiful little moments here and there. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Cinderella" is considered one of the best fairies of Disney. tales and comes recommended to young people and everything that incorporates the philosophy of Disney that dreams can really come true.
