Walt Disney and his 9 Old Men released their own 1950 version of the classic Cinderella fairy tale, which, I think you could say, helps form an "unofficial trilogy of princesses" from Disney's classic years. <br /> <br /> The plot: Cinderella is a cool girl who can not take time. She is the daughter of a good and rich widower who loved her very much, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father thought she needed a maternal figure, so he married the woman who would become Lady Tremaine . herself a widow with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first everyone seemed to do well, but then Cinderella's father died, and the true nature of Lady Tremaine was revealed-she was a cold, cruel, callous, heartless, impetuous woman, and passed on these traits to her daughters, who were spoiled, spoiled and equally grumpy. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella because they know she's prettier and prettier, more attractive than her (that is, more appealing to men), and her mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. Over the years, Lady Tremaine began to squander her family's fortune on a stubborn but futile quest to improve / perfect her awkward and unattractive daughters (calling them "homely" would be an insult to homely people everywhere) while the three relegated Cinderella to being the multitasking servant of the house, abusing her, mistreating her and humiliating her every chance they have (they especially like to increase their already absurd workload). This brings us to Cinderella in the present where she has become a beautiful young woman who somehow manages to remain kind and pleasant despite her abusive family of footsteps and clings to the hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets her chance for freedom and happiness when a real ball is held to introduce the local prince to an eligible girl so he can take her as his wife, settle down, start a family, etc. Of course, her stepfamily tries to stop her from attending, even physically assaulting her and tearing the dress she had bought for herself (with a little help from her rat friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). . Finally pushed beyond its breaking point, Cinderella rushes to the patio and cries in despair. It is at this point that her fairy godmother, a short, plump and cheerful woman, arrives and provides the Cinderella with transportation and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a good impression on the ball if she came on the scene looking as if she had just be raped by gangs). Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls in love with her, but that pesky midnight rule disrupts her, forcing her to run away, but leaving behind a crystal slipper. Make a long story short - after a long and harrowing quest to find the mysterious girl trying on the crystal slipper, Cinderella is found and she and the prince get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a nice Disney classic. Not without its flaws, the most obvious is that the Prince is little more than a MacGuffin to help propel the plot - he has very little screen time and less dialogue, so we never know him very well or we get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is a shame, because according to the documentary production, the prince originally intended to play a larger role), and some additional scenes to help Cinderella herself might have been useful (there was a song that showed the fantasy to turn into an army of maids to clean the house, as well as spying on the family's post to show his amusement with envy, which was cut because Walt himself thought it made her seem spiteful.Even Cinderella herself is a pretty friendly heroine, even if she is overshadowed by her rat friends, and there is a sweetness in the movie that is becoming harder to find these days. and this was being done now, Cinderella would probably put another fight against her family during the scene of tearing the dress and would probably release at the climax (either picking up the lock or making a practical but still exciting leap). from your window), but that is irrelevant. <br /> <br /> And for all those who say that Cinderella gives a bad example to girls, well, consider this - at least Cinderella did not go around drunk publicly and indecently exposed, unlike some modern princesses (you know who I mean).
