As a boy, I always hated "Cinderella," since I was defeated by my two sisters when my parents were thinking of buying the Disney movie. I wanted "Dumbo," but my sisters won, and we got "Cinderella." They thoroughly enjoyed the movie while I was in a bad mood in the back of the room playing with my Star Wars action figures. <br /> <br /> Much has changed since then. My love for Disney theme parks has given me an internship at Walt Disney World and now I have two young nieces. I like to show Disney as much as I can, and recently we watched "Cinderella" together. With my new appreciation for everything Disney is, I watched "Cinderella" with a new perspective and was impressed by what I saw. Since the beginning of the film, I do not quite understand. because Cinderella was trapped in such a horrible situation. Why was she so slave to her adoptive family, and why could not she just run away? I was not very nice to Cinderella, but as the story progressed, I found myself immersed in history. Maybe the compelling animation or the fun characters attracted me, or maybe it was the timeless songs. Listening to songs like "Bibbidy-Bobbidy-Boo" and "A dream is a wish your heart makes" took me back to the theme parks. I can imagine myself in that carefree and amusing atmosphere as I stare at the towering Cinderella's Castle. <br /> <br /> Something about this movie only evokes the magic of Disney. This can make a lot of people sneer, but go to the Magic Kingdom and see all the little girls dressed like Cinderella who are excited to be in this fantasy world, and you'll know what I'm talking about. Cinderella and crystal slippers - just like Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh and Tinkerbell - epitomize why Disney is one of the most beloved companies in the world. <br /> <br /> Although "Cinderella" may not be the strongest story, it is a kind of icon in the history of Disney and cinema. It represents that fun, idealistic, fanciful wonder we kept when we were kids. I imagine this movie has a lot of meaning for a lot of people out there. It may not be my favorite Disney movie, but it represents everything I love and admire about the Company. Message Boards | My Yahoo! Note: A (excellent)
