Cinderella takes me back, when I was a little girl, I loved the Disney princesses. Cinderella was one of my favorites because I always fell in love with the story. Any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story. <br /> <br /> We have Cinderella who is a pretty girl enslaved by her evil stepmother and her ugly sisters. She cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks. The only friends she has in the world are the mice in the attic that are so charming and musical. When the ladies receive an invitation to the king's ball to find a lady for his son, the prince, like the prince enchanted, everyone cheers, Cinderella hears the exciting news and asks if she could go too. Her stepmother makes a false promise and says that if she does her chores and such, she can come too. Of course, she does not keep her promise and destroys a beautiful dress she and the rats made for the ball. Leaving poor Cinderella behind, a wonderful thing happens, the fairy mother of Cinderella appears and creates a beautiful dress and carriage of things around the house and even makes the rats and horses in elegant horses and a chauffeur for the carriage. When the prince sees Cinderella at the ball, he falls in love with her. All the ladies are jealous, including their stepmother and sisters. But Cinderella must return home at midnight when the spell is broken, all she leaves is her crystal slipper. The next day, the prince is on a hunt to find this girl who fits in the slipper and is making a stop at Cinderella's house where her stepmom found out about her night and lock up in her bedroom. <br /> <br /> Can she escape in time to tell the prince who she was at the ball? You'll just have to find out. Trust me, this is a true Disney classic with beautiful animations and classical music that is so charming. You can not help but fall in love with this masterpiece. A dream is a wish that your heart makes, this movie captures everything a girl might want. <br /> <br /> 9/10
