People criticize Disney's animated features of the 1950s for being overly bright, set in landscapes that are very primitive. This criticism is fair. And yet it can not be the whole story, because the less brilliant two - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, is set in a world in which dirt itself sparkles, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> Looks good. The funds are subtle and consistent; the colors are pure without being too bright. The animation varies a bit. I'll swear that some of the humans are rotoscoped - but then, rotoscoped humans (including Cinderella herself) are not pureblood characters in the script, so that approach works well enough. They are really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio had never used animals in this way before, like totems and not as helpers. Mice, for example, are the creatures that draw us into history; but they are actually representatives or allies of the more colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch familiar to the evil stepmother. (The cat is brilliantly designed and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time.The supervising animator was Ward Kimball and he modeled on his own cat.I wonder how he endured the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal the show without drawing the attention of the main story. Your actions are of maximum interest only in light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the supporting cast, notable humans are the King and Grand Duke. The King is a one-character character - he wants grandkids and seems to have no other desire - but the note is played in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is a character who deserves to be removed from his sphere as much as Cinderella. (Although he, of course, is richer). "Cinderella" is Disney's return to feature films after a break of eight years, and neither with it nor with any subsequent film would it recapture the crass brightness of its early years. In addition, he made things difficult by choosing "Cinderella." She is a passive heroine and there is not much anyone can do about it. (Maybe I'm wrong at this point - I have not seen the recent "Ever After"). However, it is remarkable how Disney was successful in bringing this unpromising story to life without cutting the grain of its spirit.
