Legendary film producer Walt Disney has brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his groundbreaking classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" released in 1937. The latter was the then underrated "Sleeping Beauty," which made its debut in 1959. Between those two, it was perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic. fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful to its origins. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which for better or worse, has become for many the definitive version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a success and, as "Snow White", was responsible for restoring the decrease of the fortunes of Disney, never obtained the same recognition of public that certainly deserved. Disney, for once, took pride in choosing not to mess with a classic instead of elaborating and adding substance to the tale instead of rewriting it to the screen. The result was charming. <br /> <br /> A combination of superb animation (in beautifully smooth Technicolor) and perfect voice talents has brought the story to life with a radiance that continues today. Ilene Woods, who was a radio performer, recorded demos of the songs as a favor for the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, David Mack and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And indeed he did. Woods candid interpretations of "A dream is a wish that your heart makes", "So this is love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would continue to dub Malvola in "The Sleeping Beauty," masterfully captured her stepmother's icy cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly unpleasant middle-aged sisters. Luis Van Rooten admirably acted as the King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was captivating both Jaq and Gus, the devoted rats of Cinderella. William Phipps has little dialogue as the prince (future talk show host Mike Douglas gave his voice) but a veteran of the cinema (and Disney), Verna Felton was born to play the fairy godmother, and she made the best number Oscar). "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") his own show-stopper. Among the artists responsible for the "visual" of the film was Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was much admired by Disney. His elegant French background adds tremendously to the quality of the film. But most important of all are the credible characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the stepmother's deliciously evil cat. They bring life and vivacity to the story many times told, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the film's 55th birthday (and, not coincidentally, the upcoming holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. It just never seemed better. The fully restored movie must be seen to be enjoyed - just say, looks wonderful. An enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added and serves the music well. DVD extras, now a standard part of the Disney Platinum Editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are aimed at children, some are adult-oriented, and the rest are somewhere between the two. But true fans will want to get the Deluxe Gift Set because, along with a real movie cell and eight character designs, it includes a 160-page hardcover book that not only incorporates most of the material found in the 1995 book special edition of the home video release, but much more as well. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So if you like me, you're a "Cinderella" lover, buy it now! This edition is truly a "dream come true".
