And here is another evidence to state that we must all worship the Italian giallo and recognize it as the most original subgenre original in horror. Emilio Miraglia's "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a totally mesmerizing style with original plot, elegant production values, charming music, great acting talents and inventively bloody murder sequences. It is a fabulous giallo (released in the golden year of 1972) that belongs to the top five of all fans of Italian cinema. The plot not only presents its black-gloved killer and sexually frustrated, but combines good old-fashioned revenge motifs with the murderous myth of the murderous "Red Queen." At an early age, the grandfather tells the constantly fought brothers Kitty and Evelyn about a strange lady who, once every 100 years on April 6, kills seven people whose sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty became the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when, suddenly, the killing begins. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious culprit, but she moved to the States recently ... Or does she have? Complex yet engaging and involving red herrings are thrown at you every two minutes and the Red Queen's character is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo history. Her face can never be seen, but she wears a blood red robe and produces the most horrible laugh whenever she makes a new victim. She is not exactly gentle either, for her victims are barbarically stabbed with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even impaled on fences! That last one is truly one of the biggest (= most terrible) acts of violence I have ever seen! What more could you ask for? Some elegant, tasteful nudity, perhaps? The beautiful female actresses have achieved it more than covered, among them Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous giallo-director, since he only did this and the equally recommended "Night Evelyn Saiu do Tomb", but its influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
