There are very few artists today who can keep me captivated throughout the film just by their presence. One of these few is Judy Davis, who built a successful career by creating characters who are obstinate in their attitudes but very vulnerable at heart. She plays roles that most other artists would bring melodramatically and add an emotionally intense intensity that takes the attention away from everything on the screen. <br /> <br /> His skills are well displayed in "High Tide," a film that combines with it a second time with director Gillian Armstrong, who gave Davis his first big hit with "My Brilliant Career." In that film, Davis played a young woman who was determined to do this in the world, despite the suffocation she felt for her community and education. In "High Tide," however, Davis' character, Lillie, is more or less the opposite: she gave up any hope for her future when she was young and, after giving birth to a child, escapes from her responsibilities and life without direction or meaning. When she finally meets her daughter years later, the thought of caring for her child is scary; she knows that this is her chance to repair her failures, but how can she be honest with her daughter and still earn her respect? Gillian Armstrong's movies often relate stories about characters who desperately want to communicate with each other. others, but face obstacles created by their personal habits and vices. "Oscar and Lucinda", for example, was about a man and a woman who desperately needed each other's love, but were always surprised by their desire for chance, represented by their addictions to the game. Here we are immersed in the world of a family torn apart by the inability of the mother to commit herself to a stable life and her struggles to redeem herself despite being fully convinced that it is too late to change for the better. This is not simply a movie with a great performance at its center, but also a rare achievement: a totally convincing story of redemption.
