Parker and Stone transplant their sweltering humor from their lively masterpiece to a live feature with generally good results. Much of the movie is Trey and Matt going crazy with their new toy box. The plot is simplicity itself: two middle guys invent a new sport, a mix of driveway basketball with baseball scoreboard, which becomes a national craze. Along the way, they find numerous sports movie clichés and send them along with any other piece of popular culture that appears. It works like a stretched episode of South Park, with the usual dialogue between machine guns, bathroom humor and heart homilies. <br /> <br /> If this movie has a weakness, it's the association with the team that gave us "Airplane" and the series "Naked Gun". This influence is clearly seen with the heavy use of visual gags and the presence of Yasmine Bleeth, a brilliant, rather two-dimensional character, in the role generally attributed to Priscilla Presley. Robert Vaughn does somewhat better interpret the corporate b-tard that has been his party piece since "Bullitt" and Ernest Borgnine do overround as only he can, but you must admit that he is perfect for the role of the team owner. For those who have not noticed, Parker and Stone seem more comfortable as aspiring rock stars than comics. This is manifested in the emphasis given to the soundtrack in virtually everything they create. As usual, they give a good selection here, including the mandatory range of their own ultra-non-PC vehicle DVDA. <br /> <br /> A special mention should be given to Dian Bachar who deserves some kind of award for enduring the difficult job of playing Stan for Parker and pair of furious stone Cartmans. <br /> <br /> In summary, this is a fun comedy that is retained to its full potential by too much dependence on the "Naked Gun / Airplane" Formula. Parker and Stone could do something really brilliant (or absolutely horrible) if they had full control over a future movie. America, or lock these guys or put them in charge.
