Whereas the hard-boiled detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler fit into the movies like a fox in a chicken coop - actually creating the definitely modern American style and style in the process - those of what could be called the Golden Age fiction did hardly any impression whatsoever. The problem with books like Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (whose work this film is based on) is that they have little action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe crosses the middle streets of Los Angeles . , working-class buildings, bars, offices, rich mansions, and all manner of exciting dangers and violence, the Golden Age fiction is usually set in place, the murder scene, usually a luxury country house, and action is limited investigating clues and interviewing suspects. This is a very static procedure, plot reduced to enigma. <br /> <br /> This, of course, is as ideological as anything else, the stories of the Golden Age dealing with a society hostile to change and movement; the hard romances, registering an urban reality increasingly removed from a center (both authority and city), dividing into hostile, always uncontrollable and lawless fields. Another big problem with the Golden Age fiction is character - because we can not know the answer to the crime until the end, we can not have access to the motivations or emotions of the characters, being defined only by its potential necessity of murder. The detective, unlike the anxious, prejudiced private eyes, is simply there to be brilliant, and perhaps a bit eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most Golden Age movie films is that they try to be recreations from the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school, and they end up looking silly. There have been successes, for example, the radical reworkings of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there were only two. Alistair Sim's classic, "Green For Danger," works because it puts the shape almost into parody, without ever betraying the integrity or interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> Before that came the brilliant "The Kennel Murder" by Michael Curtiz. Case'. The narrative is pure Golden Age. A repulsive character is introduced, which gives a number of possible suspects reasons to kill him. He is duly murdered in an apparently infallible manner, indicating suicide, fell into a locked room. The caricatured cops desperately fall for the bait. It is up to Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, to read the clues with more insight, to open the case outside the confines of the room and eventually to solve the case, the corpse being little more than the pretext for stimulation intellectual. <br /> <br /> What is interesting is not this detective plot - which can only be unsatisfactory as all solutions are - although rarely is it less than amusing, and full of comical bits of business. There is not even an attempt to "subvert" the image of the perfect detective - there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to unmask a suspect, without any protest from Vance, but that's all. <br /> <br /> What marks Kennel as classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great author because he has no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was the greatest craftsman in Hollywood, and he's in a sensational way here. if the story of the Gold Age detective is a mere puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea to a logical extreme by creating an abstract variation of its source, reducing narrative, character and location to geometry, a series of lines, the beautiful art-deco ensembles to the glorious movements of camera that suddenly depart from a static composition and, as they glide furiously at an angle, shake the living decoration to life. This treatment is appropriate for a story that resolutely refuses realism, is a pattern that turns the detective plot into a mirror room, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself borrowed from a book of 'Unresolved Mysteries'. This fantasy world of rich, sordid men who collect Eastern relics (shadows of the Moonstone), inscrutable Chinese servants, ex-offenders, dog butlers, Runyones cops, is the perfect habitat for Vance, a man who takes a cruise to Europe on a fanciful hunch, who knows the social world of these people, and is still tainted by his interest in crime and association with the police, or would it be if he were nothing more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, boldly incorporating his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rarefied, the climax is spectacularly brutal, involving ferocious dogs and attempted homicide. The police and the detective, allegedly stopping the crime, are guilty of inciting one of them.
