There are some movies that every Horror fan owes to himself (or himself) to see, and also "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" by Emilio Miraglia. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. With Gialli and Gothic Tales being my two favorite subgenres in Horror, I was eager to see this movie for a long time, and even though my expectations were high, this masterpiece surpassed my highest hopes. Earlier Giallo of Miraglia, "The Evelyn Night Out of the Tomb" (1971) was already a scary and highly atmospheric movie that successfully mixed Giallo with Gothic Horror, but could not compare to this personal favorite instant. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is undoubtedly one of the most original and overwhelming Italian horror films of all time, and no lover of the genre could think of losing it. An incredibly mesmerizing Giallo with strong gothic elements, "The Red Queen" offers everything one can expect in any subgenre: an inventive and incredibly appealing plot, thrilling suspense, a sublime and mysterious setting and a genuinely sinister atmosphere, strangely exuberant colors, elegant murders, a brilliant soundtrack and, not least, a stunning female protagonist of the beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this film is simply one of the most striking combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The film begins incredibly in a beautiful gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn have been fighting when the grandfather tells the story behind an incredibly strange painting: Legend has it that a devilish Red Lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly people begin to be murdered ... Director Miraglia has already proven his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful madness with "The Night Evelyn Left the Tomb" and he uses these elements even more effectively in this gem. . "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a feast for the eyes indeed, and one of the most impressive Italian horror films visually and in terms of plot. The haunting painting in Grandfather's castle is able to give the viewer creeps. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, as it is called in the English title) is arguably the most diabolical figure of all time in a Giallo, the chilling laughter that murders are accompanied even would be scary on its own. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a Giallo, and this is a prime example for this. The sweeping Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most incredibly beautiful women who have ever appeared on screen, and she is also a great actress. Bouchet's presence made many Italian films, among other appearances she starred in three of the greatest masterpieces of Italian cinema of the 70's within a year (1972): "Milano Calibro 9" by Fernando Di Leo, Giallo-featured by Lucio Fulci "Don 'Torture a duckling" and this unforgettable jewel. In addition to the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the female cast of the film includes the sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("The Evelyn Night Out of the Tomb"), and other beauties who are not afraid to figure it out for the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the murders are elegant and extremely elegant, but scary and macabre, and some of them are quite bloody. Bruno Nicolai's mesmerizing trail is as memorable as possible, and makes the intensely sinister atmosphere of the film even more haunting. The plot is ingeniously complicated and full of red herrings, the tension level increases with each passing minute. "The Red Queen ..." starts creepy and remains impressive until the last second. Overall, this is one of the movies that I can not find enough words of praise for. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily ranks among the best Gialli of all time, and a top priority for all Horror fans and / or Italian cinema see. 10/10
