Michael Curtiz directed this very elegant 1930's whodunit from a script by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "The Kennel Murder Case," perhaps from a writer's point of view the best of the mysteries of Philo Vance by the strange S.S. Van Dine. Vance was a genius detective of long words and superior, and his character attributed to William Powell probably meant that the executives of Warner Brothers were aware of the possibility that, in less engaged hands, this detective could alienate the viewers. Luckily they attributed the soft William Powell to the character first. later he was played by Basil Rathbone, William Warren and Paul Lukas before being assigned to the "B" image status. The other question, as always with the executives of Warner Brothers, is why they chose Vance as a character; His propensity was to choose men who operated outlaws, with no apparent discrimination between a cruel murderer and an individual rights defender against all competitors. This movie has a despicable villain who is murdered and a claustrophobically challenging place inside an apartment complex. The characters are indisputably well done, the direction is quite good and rarely fast; and with the exception of a black-and-white look, the film avoids the comic comments, superfluous characters, and irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early detective records. Jack Okey made the good art direction. The music of Berhard Kaun is useful; Orry-Kelly made the fantasies. William Reese provided mainly domestic cinematography. In the interesting cast, Powell is the Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober, with just a touch of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual by playing very direct as a cop partner admirer of Vance, with his very professional timing. The other actor who stands out is the beautiful Paul Cavangh, very effective, as always, in what was written as a part of the red herring. Mary Astor is attractive but at this point in her career she spoke a little too fast to be as effective as she later proved. Also in the cast were Helen Vinson as the villain's wife, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (better known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain they all kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as their friendly brother to Robert. McWade as the DA; Etiienne Girardot has a delightfully witty part as the funny forensic doctor who enters the crime scene. James Lee, as the abused Chinese employee, is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. First, there are dark jobs at a dog show where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh are showing West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title over his own entrance. The second part of the scene involves a farewell; Someone is confused enough by who went where, after Coe shares his girlfriend, Vinson, to murder his good brother by mistake. Enter Vance, to find out who did in Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with the help of Palette; the romantic difficulties are straightened out, the Chinese servant is exonerated, we find out who broke the expensive vessel, who will marry whom, how Archer Coe was made and why the butler did not do it - but someone else with a good excuse did. This is a very good little mystery, which the skilled Hungarian director Curtiz took very seriously. He wore handkerchiefs, quick cuts, camera angle shifts, and alternations between simple and bold camera work for variety, interest, and sustained pace. Many writers, critics, and experts, including myself, consider this to be the best of Vance's projects, although others are also estimable.
