"Markham," says Philo Vance (William Powell), a sole defendant of the crime, told the district attorney: "I am more and more convinced that Archer Coe was killed in this room.That poker game, this dagger sheath, now fragments ... it's all here. " "But Vance," says Markham, "do you want to tell me that a dead man went up the stairs?" "I'm not trying to say anything other than the facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are friendly. Archer Coe, rich and arrogant, did not like everyone who knew him, was found sunk in a chair in his room, with a pistol in his hand and a bullet in the head. But wait. More exams show that Coe was hit by a blunt instrument that fractured his skull. Then there's the dagger on your back. To complicate matters, the door and windows of Coe's room were locked inside. Coe was not suicidal; This was murder. But how could the murderer have escaped? What was the specific motivation, since there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the closet on the main floor? <br /> <br /> The Kennel Murder case, now 73 years old, still offers a stylish look of the old classic closed whodunit. What makes it work as well as it is, first, the mystery is complicated and intelligent, but still it is logical. Second, it's the fun and safe performance of William Powell. Consider his work as Philo Vance as something like an essay for his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his intelligence to put things together. He is also good company. Powell was a star in the twenties and constantly moved up in status and popularity when the talkies took over. His intelligence, style and sophistication effortlessly made him one of the most contemporary actors of the past. <br /> <br /> Also nice to see is some other great faces. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, resentful and potentially wealthy Coe ward; Paul Cavanaugh as a titled British hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her remarkably muffled and selfish ways (see her actually doing her things in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small, elderly man like the intrepid Dr. Doremus, whose work as a coroner and coroner takes him away from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary to Archer Coe. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men, without a drop of fat, who can wear tight, English-cut clothes with ease. Above all else is Eugene Palette, with his noble belly-and-gravel voice, like Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are known for a long time who really seem to like each other.
