I'm feeling a bit protective of this movie because it was my introduction to the verse of U.N.C.L.E. The year was 1972, and me. shot all eight features in a car race (followed by reruns of 'The Persuaders' starring Tony Curtis and Roger Moore) on Saturday nights. 'The Karate Killers' was chosen to open the season. It started with a legal action sequence like Solo's sports car and Kuryakin was attacked by a squad of THRUSH mini-copters. I was a fan of life from that moment on. <br /> <br /> After the main credits (good to see a special title sequence here instead of the usual practice of slowing action footage) we go to the laboratory of Dr. Simon True (Jim Boles), inventor of a new formula to extract gold from seawater. True's wife, Amanda (Joan Crawford), is having an affair with Thrush's agent, Randolph (Herbert Lom). A cruel fellow, he kills both the doctor and his wife, before hunt- ing the formula. True prepared for the event - he divided it into five segments, each written in a photograph of himself, and sent to his five daughters, all of whom are scattered throughout the world. Solo and Kuryakin set out to obtain the first formula, leading to a series of episodes at different venues, and special guest appearances by Telly Savalas (as an Italian count), Terry-Thomas and Curt Jurgens. One of Dr.True's daughters - Sandy (Kim Darby) - accompanies U.N.C.L.E. boys in their global quest. <br /> <br /> Having assembled the formula, THRUSH appears and makes them deliver them, before taking them to their secret base at the North Pole ... <br /> <br /> Of all the UNCLE films of full length, this is what I feel should have been produced especially for the movies. It hurts to be a TV product, albeit a bit more expensive than usual. No filming locations were made, and the various segments appear as repetitive, usually culminating in a fragment between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. Of the cast, Joan Crawford is memorably small in her small role, and Curt Jurgens barely miscast like a daddy. As a bobby from London, Terry-Thomas is as charming as ever, and Herbert Lom is good as the main villain. Kim Darby laughs as "Sandy". She should have been told to stay home. <br /> <br /> What is surprising is that it can be more entertaining and fun than many official movie releases of the time, including 'In Like Flint', 'Casino Royale' and 'The Ambushers'. I would love to know how Solo and company escaped from THRUSH H.Q. after Randolph's death.
