I watch many movies, good, bad and indifferent; there is usually something of interest to fix, even if it is only scenery, or the reliable work of a good actor, or the fortuitous laughter that comes from watching the ineptitude captured forever. <br /> <br /> However, I was pleasantly surprised by this movie, which I had never seen before. Graham Greene has been translated to film often, of course, in masterpieces such as "Thin Man" and in smaller vehicles. "Confidential Agent" is one of these smaller vehicles, but it can take me somewhere, despite the lackluster direction, of the incongruity of the representations of Bacall and Boyer as (respectively) British and Spanish, and of the almost complete absence of any chemistry between the two leads. In a way, this last "problem" actually begins to work in favor of the film, because how can love really flourish in the murderous atmosphere of fascism and capitalism meeting the tragedy of a person? The most convincing aspect of the film comes directly from Greene's complex, guilty psychology that pervades the film. I know some see the deliberate pace here as monotonous, and I can understand that. However, I have found that work is sharper than harmful than it is a claustrophobic world. I was compelled to watch, not for any good acting (though Boyer is as wonderful as ever, managing to convey a rich blend of world fatigue, tragedy, hope, and fervor with his magnificent voice and eager eyes), but from below. Hasty spiral of a man's meager hopes against a world of oppression and money. What is a thief? What is the use of love in the face of death? Where does the simple end of profit and exploitation begin? The film does not rise to the level of art and therefore can not hope to answer such questions, but it is much more than mere entertainment, and its murders and guilts are very severely drawn. The lack of brilliance, "bubble", "reject" narrative helps to make this film very interesting. <br /> <br /> And there's no happy ending, for history wrote the end.
