It could have been a better movie. He trails on points, and the central story changes from Boyer completing his mission to Boyer avenging the death of Wanda Hendrix, but Graham Greene is an author who is really hard to screw up. His stories are all tales of morality, owing to his own considerations of Catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his worldview), and the human condition. <br /> <br /> Boyer is Luis Denard, a well-known concert pianist, who allied himself with Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. He was sent to England to try to enter into an arms purchase agreement that is desperately needed. Unfortunately for Denard, he is literally alone - all his contacts end up being a mutt willing to speak to Spain. In particular Katina Paxinou (Mrs. Melendez), a pessimistic housewife, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras), professor of an international language of the type "esperanto". Wanda Hendrix is ​​the drudge of a girl (Else) who works for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken) is already a willing partner of Falangists. The Englishmen (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander and the best - if not the worst - of the plot, George Coulouris) give much hope to Boyer's cause (which he soon apprehends might be from Britain soon). Herbert and Mander have just withdrawn behind the official policy of neutrality ordered by the governments of Ramsay MacDonald and Stanley Baldwin during the Civil War. Coulouris here is a typical type of Col. Blimp - always flawless in his native English, he is cunning to show his dislike of foreigners in general. <br /> <br /> The only ray of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), here trying to play her part as well as she can - but she really can not. She is an aristocrat - the daughter of a lord of the press. It was Bacall's second film, and (sad to say) almost sank his long career. She acts well but the spark she showed in her first film was due to the double effect of starring with Humphrey Bogart and being directed by Howard Hawks. Boyer is a great actor, but he's not Bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not Hawks. Her next film returned her to Bogie and Hawks again, and her star resumed her ascent. <br /> <br /> It's a dark movie (as was the novel). Boyer's mission is never successful, since he has many enemies hidden all over the place. But villains are also losers - often with their lives. <br /> <br /> With Dan Seymour as a suspect alien tenant of Katina Paxinou (and the man who destroys her). It pays to watch to catch many characters from Warner characters doing their best, given the weakness of direction.
