Gregory Peck's brilliant portrait of Gregory Peck of the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, largely until its removal as UN Commander during the Korean War, offers reasons to believe in all three possibilities above. Certainly the most controversial American General of World War II (and possibly never) MacArthur is presented here as a man of massive contradictions. He states that soldiers above all long for peace, but he obviously glory in war; he constantly denies any political ambition, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to propel himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command should follow his orders to the letter, but he himself deliberately defies the orders of the President of the United States; He shows great respect for other cultures (particularly in the Philippines and Japan), yet he is completely out of touch with his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout this film, and in the end the viewer is left to draw his own conclusions about the man, although it is no doubt that MacArthur loved his country, and especially the Army, sincerely and passionately. he dedicated his life to. Peck's performance was, as I said, brilliant - to the point of actually obfuscating virtually everyone else in the film (which might be appropriate, given who he was portraying!) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I thought he offered a compelling look at Harry Truman and his attitude to MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "His Majesty"), angry, frustrated, and finally completely fed up with this General who simply will not respect his authority as President. Marj Dusay was also intriguing as MacArhur's wife, Jean, dedicated to her husband (whom she referred to as "General", although their relationship seemed happy enough). I really enjoyed this movie, although I might have liked it. have learned a little more about the early life of MacArthur. I always laughed at MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower being elected president ("He's going to be a good president - he was the best secretary I've ever had"), which seems to summarize what MacArthur thought the president's role should be, especially for their military commanders during the war.) Worth watching. 8/10
