It is noteworthy that mine is only the third review of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory," the previous biography of producer Frank McCarthy of a controversial American general of World War II, has attracted nearly a hundred comments to date. As a previous reviewer, I was intrigued by the fact that one movie received far more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> One difference between the two films is that 'Patton' is more focused, focusing on short period of time and immediately after the end of World War II, while 'MacArthur' encompasses not only this war, but also the role of his subject in the Korean War, as well as his period as the American governor of Japan occupied during the interlude. /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are played. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated 'Patton'. While Scott had another great star, Karl Malden, playing alongside him as General Bradley, none of the other "MacArthur" actors are known names, at least for his work in the movies. Scott, of course, portrayed Patton as aggressive and temperamental, a man who was sometimes at war with the rest of the human race, not just the enemy. I suspect that in real life General MacArthur was as volcanic as Patton, but that's not how he appears in this film. Peck's MacArthur is in a more thoughtful and thoughtful way, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he has played in some of his other films. Sometimes he seems to be a man of the political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a member of the CND, and his policies to reform Japanese society during the American occupation have a semiconsocial air for them. In an attempt to show something of MacArthur's gift for inspiring leadership, Peck makes him a great orator, but his speeches always seem to owe more to the tricks of learned rhetoric than to any fire in the heart. It's as if Atticus Finch from "To Kill a Mockingbird" had put on a general uniform. While Scott attempted a portrait of Patton's "warts and everything," the criticism was made that "MacArthur" tries to cover up some of the less attractive qualities of his subject. I think this criticism is fair, particularly with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to confront interfering politicians, militarily ignorant, who did not know how to fight in the war and was dismissed by his pains when the victory was within his reach. Many historians, of course, think that Truman was forced to dismiss MacArthur because the latter's conduct was becoming a risk to world peace, and he had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not have allowed his Chinese allies to be humiliated. Even during the Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur seems more idealistic than his real-life original probably was; we see little of his rashness and naivety about political affairs. (Truman's commentary "he knows as much about politics as a pig knows about Sunday" was said about Eisenhower, but could also have been applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. The late seventies, after the twin traumas of Vietnam and Watergate, was a difficult time for the United States, and a quest for tranquility might have received a comforting and heroic depiction of a military figure from the previous generation. Another criticism I would make of the film is that it sits between two stools. If it were meant to be a complete biography of MacArthur, something should have been shown of his primitive life, which is not covered in any way. (The first we see of the general is when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would like to see what kind of man Arthur MacArthur was and why his son considered him a hero and role model. Another interesting way to do the film would be to focus on Korea and MacArthur's confrontation with Truman, with equal prominence given to both men and actors of similar stature. The way the film was actually made seemed less interesting to me than any of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that I did not like the movie. Although I may not have agreed to Peck's interpretation of the lead role, there is no denying that he played with his professionalism and normal seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, thoughtful and informative biographical film. It's a good movie, but it could have been better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> On a pedantic note, the map that MacArthur is shown using during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between the two Korean states that did not arise until after the war. (The pre-war limit was the 38th parallel). Besides, I think MacArthur was referring to the 'war' of the war. War can be toxic, but it's hard to hear with a thirsty ear for a toxin.
