When I was in the Hollywood video, I looked through his movies and there was DEMONICUS for five buckaroos and fifty percent more discount! I only saw it once before and could not pass up this great deal! The second performance was much better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not yet seen Demonicus, I recommend you do so or if you have rented and hated Demonicus, give it another try, since another view of it may change your mind. If you saw a copy in Hollywood Video for the price I bought, do not let it pass, because it's a great deal! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a very different but fun movie. Believe it or not It's like watching an interactive video game without playing it! It has budget and very low actors, I'm sure no one is familiar. We started the video game uh, I mean film with a guy and a woman somewhere in Italy and there is a cave that really looks like a rail / rail tunnel and she says do not go there and what does it do "A normal thing! He did not listen to her! " He enters there and finds many gladiatorial artifacts and armor and an almost perfectly preserved body of a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did the chair where Tyrannous was sitting and how his body looked so well and where the cauldron Then each cave is complete with a Caultron pot? Tyrant is wearing his armor, helmet and has a gun or two. He does the stupidest thing a person can do, he puts on his helmet and is taken by the spirit of Tyrant! From there he walks around killing all the nearby campers to bring back the real Tyrant. <br /> <br /> Now, I've said it like it's a video game. It's hard to explain, but it seems so. The music even sounds like video games. The acting is really terrible. The actors say things like why he's doing it, oh he was already crazy and Well, since he's crazy I'm going home! In addition, the movie also has some big mistakes like A guy is running and trying to find his girlfriend at night and is still running during the day, still looking for her without taking a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some bugs, but it's not a classic like Werewolf, but it's fun if you like movies prone to low-budget bugs, so you better watch Demonicus!
