It's always sad when "marginal" movies like this are ignored by most viewers. "Panic" is a wonderfully compelling and moving study of a character who feels trapped in the senselessness of his own life. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy, like Alex, is as convincing as ever. This excellent actor seems to have a knack for pulling the strings from his heart, no matter how imperfect his characters; we can not always tolerate the lifestyle of the protagonists he plays, but the emotions of fear and confusion he conjures up in us are often painfully familiar. The title, "Panic", initially seems paradoxical, given the lack of obvious emotion. At one point Alex tells his doctor that he rarely gets angry. However, as this story unfolds, it becomes increasingly obvious that anger and despair, not indifference, are the driving forces behind this man's existence. More than once I remembered his performance in Fargo. another strongly character-driven film. In "Fargo" and "Panic," we see a middle-aged man who somehow seems to have gotten in tune with the rest of his life. He has lost his way and the only seemingly deceptive path seems to be darkness. He knows he's making bad choices, but despair dominates self-control and common sense. Alex connects with Sarah, a 23-year-old woman (played by Neve Campbell), whom he meets at a doctor. office. Thematically, this union is less coincidence, more the work of destiny. Alex finds some comfort with Sarah, feeling perhaps that she is a companion, like him, someone who has lost his way and is floating aimlessly for the rest of his life, waiting helplessly for his inevitable conclusion. <br /> <The option for films like this is a perspicacious and compelling way for Neve Campbell to respond to critics who question his acting skills. Often it is the characters she interpreted that are weakness, offering Campbell no depth in which to flex her acting muscles. This performance, however, can be a big surprise to many. <br /> <br /> In a perfect movie world, not only would there be many more films like "Panic," but they would also reach and be appreciated by a much wider audience. If you watch movies for richness and depth of characterization, instead of just the latest special effects of last generation, then for you, "Panic" is a must. A +
