The effects of work-related stress and pressures born of a moral dilemma that puts awareness against the obligations of a (though unique) family business, all brought to the fore by - or perhaps the catalyst for a midlife crisis. examined in the somber and absorbing drama "Panic," written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a revealing look at how indecision and denial can bring about the internal struggle and misery that ultimately lead to apathy and that moment of truth when conflict must, by necessity, finally be resolved. <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a precocious six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail-order business that runs out of the house as well as his main source of income, ". which he shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But it is empty; years of practicing this particular trade left him numb and detached, putting him in a state of mind that led him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), Dr. Parks' waiting room meets a young Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell) whose presence makes him feel alive for the first time since he remembers. She quickly becomes another brick in the wall of moral conflict that her work visited him, for in the days after the encounter he just could not stop thinking about her. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" - from which he apparently can not get himself removed without hurting those he loves. He may deny his age and the fact that he has, in fact, entered into a genuine middle-aged crisis, but is about to discover that the problems he is facing will simply not disappear on their own. He is at a crossroads and will have to decide which way to go. And he'll have to do it very soon. From a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell has formed a catchy character study that is insightful and incisive, and he introduces that it is a way that allows moments of reflection that allow the public to empathize and understand the that Alex is going through. He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well defined and very real people who represent the diversity found in life and, moreover, within any family unit. The film resonantly implies that the sins of the father are transmitted irrefutably to the offspring, with irrevocable consequences and effects. When you are growing up, accept your personal environment as the world at large; and it is often years until adulthood that one can begin to realize and understand that there are moral parameters set by every individual walking on the planet, and that those established by the parent may not be conducive to the principles of the child. And this is where Alex finds himself as the story unfolds; ergo, the crisis of middle age, or more specifically, the crisis of consciousness from which he can not escape. It's a powerful message, succinctly and subtly conveyed by Bromell, with the help of some outstanding performances from his actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy has been one of the main actors of the character in the business. , creating characters as diverse as Kid Quiz Donnie Smith in Magnolia, The Shoveler in Mystery Men and Jerry Lundegaard in Fargo. And that is just a sample of his many accomplishments. At one point in this film, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes," and it's a very telling commentary, for therein lies the strength of Macy's performance, her ability to convey a very real emotion in a discreet and believable way that expresses all the inner turmoil he is experiencing. Consider the scene in which he is lying awake in bed, staring into the darkness; At that restless moment, it is clear that he is struggling, not only with his immediate situation, but with everything in his life that has finally brought him to that point. In this scene you find the sum total of a life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all successfully suppressed until now; all the things that have always been at the core of Alex's life, only now gradually breaking their defense mechanisms and finally emerging, demanding confrontation and resolution. It's a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. It's a character that anyone who has ever faced a situation of seemingly insurmountable odds will be able to relate. It's a great job for one of the best actors in the area. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is extremely effective too; your Michael is despicably sinister in such a real way that it's creepy. It is scary, in fact, to consider that there are people who actually walk the earth. This is not a kind of fictional villain or James Bond, but a true embodiment of evil, hiding behind an outside appearance so normal that he could be the neighbor, which makes it even more disconcerting. And Sutherland brings it all to life brilliantly, with great performance. Neve Campbell seems like Sarah's part, but her performance (as is the usual case with her) seems somewhat pretentious, though her affected behavior here only happens to fit the character and is actually one aspect of the film. If she occasionally turned her energies in, it would make a tremendous difference in the way she introduced her characters. "Panic", however, is one of his best efforts; a powerful movie that, in the end, is a worthwhile trip. 9/10 <br /> <br />
