First of all this was not a three hour movie - Two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked that the commercials are not really part of a movie! Maybe it should have been a parter for a total of about 3 hours? Yes, I would have managed more, been able to explore a little more emotion. Overall though, it was an interesting look at the lives of Lucy and Desi. I watch I Love Lucy from time to time and love it but have never read or seen a biography, never knew anything about their lives off screen. Because of this movie I do now, but I'm not sure if that's good. Everything here no one really needed to know. This was essentially a movie that did not need to be done. But it was done and the reason is because Lucy & Desi are still such great stars and certain people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know everything about our tv and movie stars. This is definitely not true and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, what was shown here in Lucy was very good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - is not a great casting. And the change from Madeline Zima to Rachel York .... uhhh, how Lucy did a plastic surgery and all of a sudden she's a totally new person !? That was not very good. But the story went on and focused on the complicated relationship between Lucy and Desi. No, kids were not much of a show and that was not necessarily a disadvantage to this movie because, as I said, this was mainly focused on Lucy & Desi. If there had been more time, if the story had been more about Lucy's whole life then maybe the kids would be there more. But they were not like that, we got to see the likes of Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very briefly. Wow, that was one thing about this story that I found very cool: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really neat and it's too bad it was not explored any more. Oh well. What was explored was well done, for the most part. Honestly, I do not think I'm going to watch this again and I do not think this movie will be memorable. For someone who loves I Love Lucy, but is not a big fan of Lucille Ball, this should be an interesting watch. My note to this: B
