Last Christmas, I was fortunate to receive one of my Better Half's 1200 Ultimate Bourne box sets, but postponed seeing the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given the number of recent trilogies that stumbled on the finish line, instead of triumphing them, I was a bit taken aback when approaching "The Bourne Ultimatum", but should not be worried. The electric action sequences and blunt fighting scenes blend effortlessly throughout the clever stories to make this one of the best action thrillers I remember watching and a sublime end to a great series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak over Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - for journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in The Guardian. Determined to find out more about his past half-remembered, Bourne retakes the trail, but others from the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is the leak and begins to chase the dishonest agent with renewed vigor . Can Bourne finally find the answers he was looking for or will his former employers silence him forever? Personally, I felt a bit disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy," which abandoned the trademark realism of its action scenes and focused on being a good espionage film. Not to say that he completely lost, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it looked more like a slow-burning espionage novel than an action thriller. There are no such concerns here - every car accident, punch, kick and shot is heard and felt with visceral pleasure, but fortunately, it still keeps a wonderfully clever and exciting spy story in its heart to base the action around. He also brilliantly links the two previous films, providing appropriate support for the trilogy as things are explained and expanded until the full image is exposed. Performances are almost perfect - even Julia Styles begins to offer something more than a red eye eyedropper. The only real downside is that this, like the other Bourne films, has little to do with the original novel, but unless you're a Ludlum fan, this is not really a real reason not to like a movie like this of the movie. Nothing pleases me more than a movie that catches me pleasantly by surprise and despite my fears, "The Ultimtum Bourne" is a movie full of action enough to satisfy the flesh. heads, as well as a plot that never threatens to leave his attention for a single minute. Even in the last roll, you're never sure if a happy ending is guaranteed, but whether you're a fan of the series or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is a movie that you really should keep track of ASAP. No wonder this series has forced Bond movie producers to abandon forty years of movie history to start over. Bourne is a modern spy hero and made the recent Bond films look more like Austin Powers in comparison until "Casino Royale" gave the Bond series the reboot he desperately needed. Losing Jason Bourne's movies is a surreptitious crime - go get a copy of the DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne collection though - limited edition, I'm scared!
