Dramatic license - some hate, although it is necessary to recount any life story. In the case of "Lucy", the main teenage points of Lucille Ball, early career and marriage of 20 years with Desi Arnaz are all included, albeit truncated and reworked. The main emotional points Lucy's life is clarified: Lucille's struggle to find her niche as an actress, finally blossoming into the brilliant comedian who made the character Lucy Ricardo a legend; his turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage to Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi creating the first television empire and forever securing its place in history as the most memorable couple of TV series. <br /> <br /> Like Lucille Ball, Rachel York does a commendable job. Do not expect to see the same miraculous transformation as Judy Davis did when she played Judy Garland, but York makes Ball stubborn but friendly, and it's very funny in and of itself. Even if her comedy time is different from Lucy's, it's still believable. The film never details much about her perfectionist behavior on set, and her mistreatment of Vivian Vance during the early years of "I Love Lucy," but seeing York playing Lucy rehearsing in particular is a good inclusion. Daniel Pino is slimmer and less charismatic than the real Desi, but he has his own charm and does a decent job with the Desi accent, especially in the opening scene. Madeline Zima was decent, if not overly memorable, like teenager Lucy. Vivian Vance and William Frawley did not appear much, fortunately, since Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very convincing in the roles. . Not that they are not good actors in their own right, they just were not all fit for the people they were playing. Most of the actors were from Australia and New Zealand, and the repressed accents are sometimes detectable. Although the main structure of the film adheres to the historical fact, there are many deviations, some for seemingly inexplicable reasons. . Jess Oppenheimer, the lead writer of Lucy's "My Favorite Husband" radio show, which began in 1948, is portrayed in this film as coming to the scene to help with "I Love Lucy" in 1951, completely disregarding the fact that he was the main The Creator! This film also shows Marc Daniels as the lead director of "I Love Lucy", completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Also, although I imagine this is due to budget constraints, the Ricardo's live in the same apartment throughout their stay in New York when they actually moved their apartment in 1953. The kitchen set is a bit larger and outside of scale. the original too. The house in Connecticut looks very close to the original except that the right and left sides of the house were condensed and restructured. <br /> <br /> There is also Desi talking about the purchase of the RKO in 1953 during the Lucy incident, although the RKO did not hit the market until 1957. These changes could have been for dramatic leave, and the film not working to convey the main facts, but would have hurt to show a little more respect to Oppenheimer and Asher, two vital figures in the story of "I Love Lucy"? The biggest gaff comes in the "I Love Lucy" recreation scenes, at least some of them. It is always risky to recreate something that is captured on film and was seen by billions of people, but even more so when OBVASIAN CHANGES are made. The scene with the giant bread was truncated, and anyone familiar with that episode would have noticed the differences immediately! The number "We're having a baby" was also shortened, but other than that, it was practically dead. By far the best was the "stepping on the grape" scene, with Rachel York actually preaching Lucy's mannerisms. The producers made the wise decision not to try to recreate directly the "Vitametavegamin" and candy factory bits, instead of showing the actors the rehearsals. These scenes proved to be effective because of this approach. <br /> <br /> The main flaw of the film is that it makes the assumption that viewers already know a lot about Lucy's life, since too much is skimmed or omitted. Overall, however, it gives a decent picture of Lucy & Desi's marriage, and factual errors can be neglected when character development works effectively.
