I found Rachel York fantastic as "Lucy". I saw her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and in each of these performances she developed very different and very real characterizations. She's a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! <br /> <br /> I am very surprised at the amount of negative reviews that appear here regarding Rachel's performance in "Lucy". Even some television and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point of their interpretation. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel really does not look like Lucy. My answer to this is: "So what?" I was not looking for a superficial representation of Lucy. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave us this in great depth. I also did not want to see someone simply "doing" Lucy's classic routines. So I was very pleased with the producers' decision and director to get Rachel to portray Lucy at the rehearsal for the most memorable of these skits - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some of the reviewers did not realize that these two scenes should be test sequences and not the actual sketches). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative twist to the sketches that many of us know by heart. I also thought that Rachel was incredibly new and funny in those scenes. And she absolutely preached the routines that were recreated - Professor and Grape Stomping, in particular. There was a moment in the Grape scene, where the corner of Rachel's mouth had the exact exact small recovery that I remember Lucy having. I could not believe she was able to capture it - and so naturally. <br /> <br /> I wonder if many of the people who criticized the performance were waiting to see Lucille Ball's "I Love Lucy" throughout the entire movie. After all, those of us who came to know her only through TV would have no idea what Lucy really was in her early movie years. I think Rachel showed a natural progression in the character that was brilliant. She planted all the right seeds for us to see the clown just waiting to emerge under the right circumstances. Lucy did not fit the mold of the old studio system. In her unsuccessful attempts to become the stereotypical movie star of the time, she continued to suppress what would become her final gifts. <br /> <br /> I believe that Rachel skillfully captured comedy, drama, humor, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sensuality, self-absorption, childishness, and stoicism all in one complex American icon. And she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally captivating. "Lucy" was a star for Rachel York. I hope this brings a flood of big roles on your way in the future. I also hope this brings you an Emmy.
