When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I have to confess that I did not think much of it. At the time I was eleven years old, so maybe I was too young to actually get into the plot and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when the Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but I still did not think it was as good as I expected to be judged by the trailers. Over the past two years, I've been told several times that the Bourne films were amazing, I often had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about the movies. Until two months ago I could not have given a damn about the Bourne Ultimatum, I really had no intention of watching it. But then I decided to go back and observe the first two before making abrupt decisions. So I went out and bought the two original movies. And what a surprise it was to me when I was caught by them. Identity I have found the superior of the two, but Supremacy is not far behind. Both are smooth, action-packed and thrilling movie pieces that I've seen several times since I bought them. Because of this I was the first one in line today to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And boy Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne films, I saw him in Mr Ripley's talent, but I never thought much of him in general. Nevertheless, it seems that he was born to interpret Bourne (with the pardon of the pun). Throughout this series we have seen the character change before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than he was in The Departed and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really find yourself taking care of the character and hoping that he will discover everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you always find your character extremely believable. The supporting cast of the film was also absolutely exceptional. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things on the Bourne Supremacy, here she stands out. Her character is also very convincing and she has some superb moments at the end of the movie. Julia Stiles appears again as Nicky and we finally learned a little about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress and I think she deserves a lot more decent roles than she gets. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series as Noah Vosen, he is definitely the bad guy in the movie and he really stands out. He is definitely the most unpleasant character we know, and some of the decisions he makes are really unpleasant. Strathairn enjoys the role and he also gets some superb footage in the film. Special mention should also be given to Albert Finney, who makes the most of his screen time very brief, I will not say anything about the character, which is best left as a surprise, but trust me his scenes are some of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> Bourne films have always had a strict focus on the plot more than on the action sequences, this does not mean that the trilogy has no action sequences, good Lord, no, there are many of them scattered throughout cinema . But running throughout the film is a very well written and well represented story. This plot concludes in the best way imaginable in this film. While watching Supremacy the night before, I saw the Ultimatum, it was cool because I could see certain small parts. That very final scene in Supremacy in New York, far more important than I had imagined at the time. It will not ruin everything for people, but I recommend checking the supremacy before seeing Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for many people, they will see the Ultimatum purely because of the action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn these people and say they should see it for the plot, but I would be lying if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. The pursuit of the mini car in Identity is one of my favorite car chases of all time. Well, the action on Ultimatum has to be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film starts with an action sequence in Moscow. So, in the duration of the film, we have countless punches, all very violent and shockingly brutal. A bike chase that is absolutely incredible, many foot chases that are even more amazing, an exciting car chase that is unforgettable and oh so much more! But the highlight for me has to be the scene at Waterloo station, it will not ruin everything, but for some reason I grabbed it. <br /> <br /> So, some flaw in the movie? Not my eyes, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, then I would not recommend Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to win new fans, as it limits itself to what the franchise does best and adds a bit more plot and action sequences at the top. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a James Bond fan, it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is a lot better than most Bond movies, and trust in me too much for me to say it. While Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it's definitely about the same.
