I've never been shy of saying that most action movies simply do nothing for me. Most of the time they are blatant vehicles to blow things up, show off sexy models and cast any appearance of reality or intelligence out the window. With that said, the Bourne series has been fantastic. Doug Liman ushered in a new action, using a more verite style of cinema, showing the struggles with full force and turning our superspeed into someone with whom we can relate emotionally and humanly. This is not the science fiction nonsense that was Bond (before they did a review in the style of this series no less). There was a lot to worry about when the Bourne Supremacy came out. With director Paul Greengrass assuming, what could have been a secondhand copy of the original turned out to be an improvement on style and style. Bets have been raised and history has been improved because of this. Greengrass needs a lot of credit for keeping up appearances with the last installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is a surprising conclusion to a high-level trilogy, action is taken to a new level and history and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is taken to the CIA's mind by False pretenses. Someone leaked information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar and once Bourne is located trying to talk to the copywriter who broke the story, he is considered the mole. Only Pamela Landy, who was in the case to meet him in the Supremacy, knows that he can not be the chosen one. Bourne's motive has always been to stay away from the government and live his life in peace. It was the CIA that keeps bringing it back into the open world to wreak havoc on them. What ends up happening is that Bourne wants to know the source also to finally discover the truth of who he is and what turned him into a murderer. The film then becomes a chase against time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the gap and tie up any loose ends, or if Bourne can take revenge on those who took his life. <br /> <br /> In what is probably the simplest plot of the series, with only one chase that lasts the whole of history, has possibly the largest cast of characters and loyalty to expose the corruption that has been behind the progression of the full story. This is not a detriment, however, as it allows for more fights and car chases that work in full context to the plot. Admission to this movie is worth it for the apartment fight, between Bourne and the second active CIA, alone. The chase through the windows in Madrid is cool on its own, but when they finally meet, we have a ten-minute fight that is as invigorating to watch as any scene you'll see. In addition, instead of using a massive car chase as a climatic piece as in the first two films, we approach three small-scale street races, so intense but staggered enough to never bog down the action in monotony. After five years of waiting, we also discovered the origin of our favorite agent with heart and feeling. At the end of the film, we will discover what was the cause of all the spying and destruction that has occurred around you. No one could have done better than Matt Damon. He has the physical and the attitude to be believable in the action sequences, but also the scope to extract the moments of intelligence and correspondence of cat and mouse with those against him. Joan Allen reprises her role with the same dedication to her work, but also a little more disenchantment with what is happening around her after how Brian Cox's character from the first two films took matters into her own hands. Needing a role in this mold, we have a good turnaround from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he is working at the top of the food chain and does not respond to anyone when he makes a decision. With so much trying to cover up any connections with your Blackbriar program bosses as he is trying to do his duty to your country, you can never assess what he will be able to do. Even the little ones do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as the reporter who initiates the leak at the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man of Bourne's past and possibly fundamental to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA agents sent to take Bourne out. Ramirez is a good addition to the role that has been successfully performed by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He does not talk much, if he does, but he has robotic looks and efficiency, and we hope he gets more papers to show what he can do in Nice. <br /> <br /> Finally, we must applaud Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and taking this series to a conclusion that is based on the success of his predecessors rather than destroying them. His ability to look closely is surprising and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the cuts inducing attacks. Instead of feeling like overproduction, your hand use enhances the environment and puts you directly into action. Let's also credit the director of photography Oliver Wood, who filmed the three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and work their style in a good harmony with them.
