This was basically an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman" that was done with "Gilligan's Island" on "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those of you who missed (and shame!) "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: The Incredibly True Story of the Longest 3 Hours in History") was a special from a few years ago . Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") reported on the program's creation, cancellation, rediscovery and revival history. Along the way, stories have been dramatized with actors portraying the original cast and crew. It was very well done. It was funny, well released and came as a genuine document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Return to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is in a similar style. The recounting of the show's history, the reenactments, the overall feel are all the same. What is missing is the direct approach that "Surviving" took. In "Return," Adam West and Burt Ward were invited to a car show that they should not be invited to. After being allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witness the theft of the centerpiece of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to pursue them, leading them through clues that lead them to think about the history of the show. This eventually leads to the revelation of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing to use this concept (actually having a plot) is the biggest disappointment of this program. Unlike "Surviving," "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting plot (Batmobile robbery) instead of focusing all of their attention on what the audience would be most interested in (the story of the show). historical sections that work best. The casting (as in "Surviving") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the feel of the actors without seeming too much to them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") bears a strong resemblance to the subject, but captures nothing of the late Gorshin's charm, only his characterizations. The portraits of other actors are short and functional, with no one standing out as good or bad. Many of the stories have been told before, but most of the time they are fun, with only occasional and awkward presentations. Another wonderful section of the historical sections was the use of Lyle Wagoner's audition images for the Batman part. The only place where flashbacks fail is when they enter plot points obviously invented to advance the main story. This reduces the accuracy of flashbacks unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> The "main plot" (if we must call it) is, of course, ridiculous. This is not really a flaw in itself but simply is not well done enough to cover up the deficit. Strong performances and good writing can make up for a silly plot (especially in that sort of thing), but we really do not have any here. West and Ward's performances seem somewhat flattened (even for them); the dialog box has been carefully written to make it look natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in that the dialog box is virtually there just to set up a flashback. In "Survive," is all you want to be. In "Return," he tries to do double duty and unfortunately often fails. Gorshin and Newmar do well (although I agree with others that Gorshin did not age well and that Newmar did - and what is Wagoner doing to look good?), But they do not have enough to do. Again, I think they would all have been better served by a more direct presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about "Return". This special is about the TV series "Batman" and its history, but all the clips shown are from the theatrical movie. Even the filming of Wagoner are technically filmmaking. If you know it's "bat story," then you know the movie was originally planned to be done first, only to be delayed in favor of the TV show when CBS needed to fill the time quickly. So when Wagoner and West were testing the role, it was for the movie, not for the TV show. Why "Return" uses only movie footage is unclear. Most likely it has to do with rights issues, but it's a distinct distraction for those who know it: see Julie Newmar in the present, but only pictures of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> I liked the show, especially for flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they want a more story-oriented piece given the subject. Besides, I like these people. It's good to see you around, still having fun with one of the great plays in the history of entertainment. I just wanted them to have done a little better and when most of the original cast was still alive to be there.
