I did not like many TV shows after 1990, but the 70S SHOW is great. Never seeing this during the first race, thinking of a piece of the enigmatic period, I was wrong! I started to watch in reruns and the more I watched, the more I liked it! Now, it's the only show that debuts after 1990 and watches regularly. <br /> <br /> Although the 70S SHOW mimics some of the 70's styles, attitudes, tunes and tastes, it does not delude itself. in that decade, going overboard with the references and looks of the '70s. It contains a lot of funny, witty, scathing dialogue that is delivered with confidence and certainty by its main cast that surpasses all the cliches of the' 70s by just being humorous. Humor is what keeps the program eternally watchable. <br /> <br /> Despite being a hilarious comedy regardless of the length of time, the uniqueness of mocking the 70s works in your favor as it gives the program a signature identity. But it is the focus on universal issues (family problems, teen angst, marital problems, peer pressure), dealing with all of them with comedic ease, which gives the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The center of the series is an Eric Forman (played for the absolute comedic perfection of future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-skinny, geeky, non-athletic adolescent and still comes out super cool due to Grace's brilliant self-depreciation of the character. Eric has 5 friends like Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played hilariously by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama respectively). We begin to see life in Point Place, Wisconsin through the eyes of these 6 teenagers and boy we have so much to see! Donna, a forward-thinking feminist, is the object of Eric's affection and these two have the program's primary relationship. They become a couple soon after the show starts and they are never a boring couple. Most of the shows end with a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it functions as a great insightful reading book, which functions as a perfect counterpoint to previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves in with the Formans when his mother abandons him; Hyde is the mellow, zen, bunch cool and just sits back, watches and makes fun of his fellow friends with laid back ease. Kelso is the idiot of the group and Kutcher plays at the most, exhibiting an incredible physical comedy, and tells some of the most absurdly hilarious ideas and stories of all time! Jackie, who starts out as Kelso's girlfriend, is a demented, introspective cheerleader and is initially only accepted as part of Kelso's b / c group, but gets more intimate to the point of accepting her! And finally, Fez! Fez is the exchange student of some unknown country (we never know exactly where) and he is a scene thief! "I said good morning!" "You son of a b * tch!" Valderama is just a foreign accent here as he does not have one in reality and he is always in character and creates one of the most original characters I have ever seen. His moments of scene stealing often help to make the show for me. <br /> <br /> The show constantly takes us into the minds and thoughts of these characters through engaging fantasy scenes of how they would like or imagine the things to be. The gang repeatedly gets into trouble (most of it on purpose). They constantly play with the locals of Point Place as well as each other. They spend most of their time in Eric's basement, pontificating, or just kidding. Also featured prominently in the show are Eric's parents, the menacing, the itchy red and the lovely, happy lucky Kitty (played memorably by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a much needed mature viewpoint and constantly rebuke and advise the 6 wells of ne'er. Red and Kitty are cleverly supported by Donna's parents, bob bob (played wonderfully for the full run of Don Stark) and blond blonde idiot Midge (the super sexy Tanya Roberts, who has been in the show for about half). In addition, for 3 full seasons, Eric's sister from Hell Laurie (played brilliantly by sexy look-alike Lisa Robin Kelly of Farrah-Fawcett) was a great refreshing relief to combat the periphages of the 6 main and be the thorn in Eric and his parents . 'sides! Kelly has returned as a guest character for some season 5 eps. But unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led her to be replaced by a new and terrible actress in Season 6. The rookie did not last, thankfully, and left after a few seasons in season 6! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and at the beginning of season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never bounced back as Season 8 turned out to be the last . Grace and Kutcher returned to the end of the series, giving the show a satisfying ending. <br /> <br /> A lot of great supporting characters and supporting characters would help keep the program fresh by adding nostalgia and humor. The high-level support players were eternally tall Leo (played to the fist by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the incredible Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also played Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play the mother of Red and Kitty, respectively. Many celebrity appearances of the 70s also made appearances, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo, Ted Nugent and K.I.S.S! Go on and on! <br /> <br /> With great tributes and nostalgic references from the 70s, hilarious dialogue and surrender and an absurd style of telling comic stories, the 70S SHOW is a TV classic!
