Over the years, we have seen many absurd things done by writers when the show had to continue, no matter what, keeping "8 Simple Rules" after John Ritter died comes to mind, but this is probably the first time I cared. The idea of ​​having "That 70's Show" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They have tried to cover it up with a return of Leo and increasingly scandalous story lines, but I always felt like caring when you no longer have a main character. It just did not connect, it was a lot of unrelated things going on that most of the time was not even funny. Last season seemed like too much time for each character simply because Eric used to have a lot of time on the screen and now we would be crushed in the face by how old and repetitive the rest of the characters were. Concentrating on the trick that is Fez was totally uninteresting and the character would simply stop working, because the business was that he said something strange coming out of nowhere, and you can not say things out of nowhere when every second line is yours. They also brought Oliver's cousin Oliver, but this time he was not a child. Whenever you heard someone knock on the door, you started to pray not to be Randy, please, let it not be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would make really horrible jokes, usually as Red would say, grinning like an idiot and ruining everything and Donna would be in stitches. I think more than half of last season was Donna pretending to have fun. Problems began earlier: what was once really a great show with an equally grandiose concept that, for once, was not about a dysfunctional family that slowly entered the territory of the novel. Everyone began to fall in love with everyone, emotional scenes were dragged into nausea, with only a generally lame joke placed somewhere to divert the attention we were watching "The World Turns." I'm guessing this was character development, but come on it was written almost as awkwardly as the moral lessons of "Family Matters." To be fair, the last episode, also because it had a special participation of Topher Grace (a special participation in its own show), was very good, even if it is not so funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, even more critical in Season 8: What the hell was the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character who did not sing), Fez scared me a lot. Dude, do not open your eyes that far. But the first five seasons, among the best comedies of all time.
