As a normal day begins in Point Place, Wisconsin ... First, Red, the tyrant father of the Forman family and a WWII veteran, sits at the kitchen table and reads his newspaper while his very happy wife Kitty serves breakfast. Then comes his skinny son, Eric, he also sits at the table, and his father starts to scream daily, usually involving putting Eric Eric's foot in his ass (insert reason here). If her promiscuous angel-faced sister Laurie is at home, she appears, so Red stops screaming and gently talks to her, making Eric feel left out of the family. <br /> <br /> Once this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric rushes to his basement, where all his friends are already leaving. And when we see them, it's obvious that Eric and his redheaded girlfriend, neighbor and childhood friend Donna Pinciotti, are the healthiest people in the world. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates disco and does not care what's around, as long as it's not funny to watch; Michael Kelso, the kind of guy who thinks he's going to spend his life just by his looks and that carrots grow on trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who considers herself the most beautiful girl in the world, spoiled daughter of rich dad and, of course, cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but over-sexed foreigner who loves sweets and can not keep a secret. At first they just go out, gossip and make fun of Kelso, but then everyone sits in a circle and let the real fun begin ... before going out doing something they will regret later. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Red leaves and meets Donna's weird parents, Bob and Midge. He's rude, but they do not care because they think he's kidding. Somewhere around is Leo, an aging hippie who is constantly confused and makes plays of words without even noticing. <br /> <br /> Did you imagine that seemingly peaceful neighborhood with all these incredible characters? Of course, most seem "cliché", but the show takes the cliché to a new level. Now, include some of the most perverse stories a sitcom can offer, sit back and enjoy one of the best TV shows of all time. Which never does the same thing twice and that is, compared to most sitcoms who are "cute funny", purely hysterical. If you get addicted, do not let this show let you go. Bite the hook several times and, man, you'll see the show genre from a new perspective.
