Before seeing this, I was just waiting for another mediocre copy of the imitation series "Emmanuelle," starring Sylvia Kristel. It was really amazing how good this turned out to be. In fact, it has a history and is very romantic. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' so good is that she is the leading heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She interprets her character, Emy Wong so sweetly, that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dreams fall around her . Emy Wong is a very respected, sculptural doctor with real quality. It comes from an important old family, where ancient customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she is married to a man she has never met. The fine doctor looks good with this arranged marriage. It is simply how this is done in your world. However, she does not plan to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends up in her care at the hospital where she works. Emy decides to end the custom, and she surrenders to her Western man. But only after a very long courtship, as Dr. Wong is anything but an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a cool guy, and promises to marry Emy, so she does not lose her respectability and put it in her rigid society. None of them has a third person, an Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of cruel games. Emy is made to believe that she was abandoned by her man, that he only played a game with her to sleep with her. Her place in society is gone, she has been degraded. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing course when this proud and elegant woman resigns her career, as well as a sweet relationship with her loving father, and succumbs to a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to see myself so engrossed in this tragically operative story. I was at the edge of my seat when George blows back to the city and unknowingly walks into a hotel where his beautiful Emy is working as a prostitute! Classic drama. I imagine that many viewers were a bit frustrated with all this drama. You would expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And when it exists, it is totally non-explorative and very artistic and smooth. If you're a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you'll probably enjoy this lesser-known classic. I was especially impressed by the extra attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy takes George to his father's house on the island is pretty cool. His father shows George and the spectator his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. It has an entire miniature forest built from these incredible trees. Totally unexpected. After picking it up on late night cable TV, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally arrived, I discovered that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD release, there is a subplot about George suddenly encountering some unknown deadly disease! I really preferred the cable version better. I'm glad that this rare jewel has finally been released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful cinematography and the bizarre and captivating soundtrack of the 70s. While watching this, you get the feeling that you are watching something very rare and quite special. I urge attentive viewers who do not need sex and violence to keep their interest.
