I am curious (a film, next to the Seussical rhyme, it is said at the beginning to be available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great successes of art that first was a great sensation in Sweden then a great scandal / cause-famous in the United States when the only impression was made by customs and went to the Supreme Court. What is potent in the picture today is not so much what can offend by what is revealed in sex or nudity - the director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films the various scenes in such a way that there is an abundance of flesh and genitalia and the an occasional graphic part, but it is always more an intellectual expression than lust, but the boldness of trying a pure "metafilm" and at the same time a true statement about the state of things in Sweden. Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (ie generally neutral in foreign affairs and wars) could be so politically heated? At least, that's part of Sjoman's goal here. As a filmmaker as Dusan Makavajev with some of his works as WR (if not as surreal and disturbed) or a little less Bertolucci, Sjoman wants to mix politics and sex (mainly politics and social strata) around to also comment on incorporating a character into a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a hot and cold relationship in the story of the film, where Lena is a "curious" aspiring socialist who demonstrates on the street for non-violence and "trains" in a hut in the forest. to become a fully functional while at the same time perhaps very curious about your car salesman boyfriend. And while this is happening, which alone is enough for a movie, Sjoman introduces himself and his team from time to time as they make this story in the film (there is even a great time midway, like at a rock, the title cards are populated during a break in the recording of who the team is, denying having to use final credits!) So with that, there is a whole other dynamic as Sjoman gives a real performance, not just a "Hey, I'm the director playing At the beginning, someone may not have this structure and I'm Curious (Yellow) is just a movie in which Lena is a documentary interviewer who asks the subjects about their thoughts on class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and from time to time we see Lena's father or Bjore But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is as slippery as the viewer's It is amazing that so many years in a photo may surprise not to be afraid to mix narrati drama, documentary, film within a film and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a semi-guru of Lena. . It may not always be a thoroughly coherent analysis politically, but it does not appear to be a cheating or even a satirical agenda as in a picture of Godard; the satire that Sjoman is after is similar to a Godard but at another wavelength. His anarchy is fun, but not completely loaded with semantics or tricks that could defer the least initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I am curious (yellow) stands as an intellectual enterprise and a complete journey to explore sex in a way that was and is captivating by how much is shown and how comfortable everything seems to be for the actors , is not entirely successful, I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman made a purely emotional film with deconstructing tendencies, Sjoman is more apt to connect with specific ideas, while in fact he is not always driving very well when it comes time to do big or subtle scenes with the actors. Occasionally, it works only for the actors, Lena Nyman (especially spectacular here in a performance that asks her to make an ambitious but confused kid in someone friendly and even vulnerable) and Borje Ahlstedt (a great realistic counterpoint to the volatile Lena ), but about 40 years later it is difficult to connect completely with everything that happens in the internal film of Lena and Borje, since (perhaps intentionally) Sjoman fills of clichés (Borje has girlfriend and son, as Lena will conciliate her father) and a heavy narration of her kind of starlet. <br /> <br /> And yet, for whatever shortcomings Sjoman might have, ironically considering that he wants to be a comment about himself, I'm curious (Yellow) shows up beautifully as an artistic experience in testing the waters than could be done in Swedish cinema, or test what could not be and bend it to provocative and comic use. I would even say that it is influential, and probably was copied or imitated in more ways than one, because it is such a cult phenomenon in its time (a specific technique used, with the film rewinding at the end, is echoed in a weaker usage in Funny Games), and should be seen by anyone who is interested in getting involved in cutting-edge creation or meta-film. If not such an outstanding artistic leap as W.R. or Last Tango, is right behind you.
