In a future society, the military component need not recruit; instead, their candidates are chosen at birth, slaughtered from day-care centers and assigned to spend their entire lives in the service of government. They are delivered to the war machine, body and soul, with no other reason than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity beyond a name and hierarchy, and have no autonomy at all. This is the fate of those whose fate is predetermined for them in "Soldier," directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The setting is difficult and bleak, as the film begins portraying the training of soldiers during advanced periods of time, from pre-adolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we glimpse his career as he performs his duties exemplarily in campaign after campaign; he is what he was born to be, a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his colleagues are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers has been created, products of advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete. What follows is the story of a man who must fight for his life as he struggles to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new traits for a soldier who has known only two things his whole life: Fear and discipline. Russell gives a dominant performance as Todd, the soldier who must, above all, obey orders without questioning while suppressing all individual emotions and thoughts. He has few lines in this film, but Russell talks a lot with his eyes. This role shows that he is, in fact, one of the underrated actors of our times; that he can disappear so completely in Todd's character is a credit to his ability, and with that part he has created someone quite unlike any he has ever done before. And it gave Todd a depth and credibility that someone of less talent could easily have presented as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Remarkable presentations are also shown here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Completing the supporting cast are Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generations of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (captain of the church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson delivered an action movie with a message, a cautionary tale that transcends the genre of science fiction. Soldier reminds us of the importance of keeping the humanity of our lives intact. It's a fun way to make us consider the alternatives, such as a bleak future and a world where good movies would not make much difference. Like 1984, and Mad Max, this ultimately uplifting movie will make you stop and think about the kind of universe in which we all should live together and share. I rate this 7/10.
