Why do I like BADLY CRIMINALS? Why do I laugh or laugh aloud whenever I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's kind of hard to explain, but I'll try. First of all, it's actually very funny - in contrast to what many "official" comments want you to believe. But again, this depends entirely on your sense of humor, so it does not make sense to argue about it. Often humor is in the dialogue, and often is situational comedy. There is, for example, this very hilarious scene in which all four gang members were hitchhiking in the back of a truck. When the farmer leaves them, they stand on the road, covered in cows or whatever. They are totally baffled; then, noticing the mood of the scene, they begin to laugh at themselves, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), looking (and certainly smelling) terrible, carefree takes a spray in the mouth to at least do something about his breath just describing the scene here makes me laugh again!). Which leads to the second point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (ok, the latter exaggerates a little at times) all fit and play their parts beautifully - in fact, you get the feeling that they should be having fun too when shooting the movie. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, the director and screenwriter, is very laid back; he takes his time to let the plot unfold and have the individual characters settling down. Most of the time, there is no real action, and yet you take advantage of these 4 very different people - who try to rob a bank, even though their boss (Bernsen) does not appear - grumble about one another and eventually reluctantly. They like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery - utterly impossible with all its twists and turns, but totally convincing in its love for ironic details. By the way, the title of the film is one of the best I've ever encountered, because it sums up the plot in a very ironic way. So take my advice: watch this movie but if you do not laugh, smile or smile for the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not your type of movie. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to get hold of the script - if you know how, tell me.
