I like this movie for several reasons. I have a crush on films about intricately plotted criminal plots like TOPKAPI. I also like movies (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that mimic the genre. One of the best is CRIME DISOBIZADO. Corbin Bernsen has found four cons over the years, and decides that everyone can be useful in a bank robbery he is planning in a small town in Montana. But he did not give details about the crime to his comrades, nor do they really know each other. Soon after he sends them to him, Bernsen is arrested by two New Jersey cops (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) whom he escaped before and has a warrant to bring him back. While he is in his custody, the four cons (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) appear without knowing why they are there except that Bernsen was planning something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the movie deal with the four cons slowly getting accustomed, with Gwynne and Philips getting away with their own suspicions to find that they have to trust each other. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too difficult, as they are not the brightest bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of plots that will remain juxtaposed against each other throughout the film: the four cons trying to figure out what Bernsen's scheme was, and how to get it going, and Bernsen trying to keep his own freedom from his pursuers and Retrieve your booth (and expect to find your gang there for him to take command). There is also a third, smaller installment, involving the growing annoyance and anger of local sheriff Hoyt Axton against the New Jersey idiots who keep getting into their hair. <br /> <br /> There are many delightful moments in the film, such as Axton, instigated by O'Neil and Roebuck, around a house in the city that Bernsen should be hiding inside, and shouting (through a megaphone, Get out, we've surrounded you !! ", just make the scene shift to a huge plain of Montana that Bernsen is struggling and stumbling miles from where the police think he is at that moment. There are times of misadventure by our four cons, which Fortunately, they put the oldest (Gwynne) in the lead. That does not always guarantee anything. At one point, their car does not start, and they have to ride the truck. Unfortunately, it's a dump truck. (including the deactivation of all police cars at the critical moment (the specialty of Philips is cars) is also a jewel of timing, suspense and comic results. very fun and certainly it's worth watching.
