What a loss the passage of director Emile Ardolino was! He could take a screenplay of light and, with the right cast and editing, put a sparkle on it and make it shine like a star. This particular star may not be the brightest in the sky, like great novels, but it is definitely one that keeps you tuned to the end. You really want to know how things will work out. <br /> <br /> The script is perfect for Cybill Shepherd, who at the time needed to capitalize on her success "Moonlighting" for the new generation that (fortunately for her) probably not knowing how many important big screen failures she had after a very promising start. In this film, she is back in the shape of a still addicted widow who lives through her daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson, at the cusp of stardom, culminating in "Fried Green Tomatoes" two years later). She may have looked too young for the role, but that works well for the way the story unfolds. This is your movie, but it does not exceed your limits as the protagonist. <br /> <br /> She graciously allows Robert Downey Jr. to carry much of the film and show a more mature comic style than he had in his movie. previous films to that point. And there's ample support from Ryan O'Neal (in his best role in years) and Christopher MacDonald. Masterson's natural charm pretty much disappears by itself, or she has a way of making her character seem like a breath of fresh air with every word. <br /> <br /> Ardolino makes good use of the sex appeal of his cast. the same way he did with "Dirty Dancing" but this movie is not so sizzled so you can still watch with your parents if they were in the room. (Use your best judgment, they are your parents after all.) I give this movie a high note because it is very friendly, romantic comedy enthusiasts will find it sublime, and those who are just watching along with them should find quite one more Instead, the credit goes to Emile Ardolino for making the most of a charming script by Randy and Perry Howze. (Where are they now?) Ardolino's next film would be the phone sequence for "Three Men and a Baby," but his latest theatrical release (Sister Act) would finally give him the nine-figure success he deserved. Mr. Ardolino, your cinematographic touch is lost!
