I saw this movie for the first time when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not watch it until the end because it was airing late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I remember I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is not an ordinary horror movie. It has some elements of terror, but I prefer to categorize it as fantasy. I liked it, but I expected a little more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene where Anna's father walks into the wagon trying to kill her is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now, to the plot. This movie is about a young girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is sick and has to lie in her bed because of her discharge, she ends up finishing her drawing on a house - the paper house. When she feels a sleep, which often strangely happens immediately, she finds herself near the house in a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly the same as the one she designed and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day she lures a kid into the house to have someone to talk to. As she forgets to draw his legs (because he is sitting behind a window) the boy can not walk. Later, she is being told by the doctor, that a boy also has this strange illness and she realizes that with the boy she has drawn, she also has that boy in his disturbing dreams. She also realizes that it gets harder and harder for her to wake up from her dreams. As she misses her father who is abroad, she draws her father to the house. She makes a mistake and her father is very angry with the painting. She tries to eliminate it, but realizes that she can not change anything already drawn. And the next time she falls asleep, the horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because she takes his head off to mark him as 'invalid') and tries to get into the paper house and kill Anna and her friend. His dreams became a horrendous nightmare. They manage to escape and kill their father and Anna can finally wake up. Than Anna is in the hospital where her parents are sitting next to her bed. Doctors thought she was in a coma or something. They tell Anna that the other boy has died and that they want to travel to the ocean to overcome these tragic events. Anna draws a watchtower and realizes that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel where she traveled. She runs to the watchtower and finds the boy (I'm not just mentioning his name because I can not remember and do not want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say goodbye to him and forget those terrible dreams forever. There were some things that I did not understand in the movie. First of all was the end that I absolutely did not like. I think it's too long, while the main part of the movie becomes a bit too short. How does the boy pilot a helicopter and talk to Anna how he should be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated that scene that was so stupid to me. It almost ruined the main scene of terror. <br /> <br /> Things I liked were the scene with the photograph of Anna's father, which was the first real scene of terror and terror. I liked the boy. The actor was amazing. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to get her dad out of the painting while she's sleeping and how she's looking for her in the trash. <br /> <br /> Overall, a good movie. I give it 8 out of 10.
