My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May of 2003 I saw the psycho of Alfred Hitchcock, I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I started a frantic search for a movie that was scary the same way. But none where satisfying. Among those who tried and failed were The Birds, The Night of the Living Dead, The Silence of the Lambs, The Blair Witch Project, Ring, The Dead of Evil, The Sixth Sense, 28 Days Later, The Chainsaw Massacre , Halloween, Almost Dark, Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Do not Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday the 13th and The Omen. That should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped looking, I found out about Paperhouse ???? <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse had also appeared in some of the books I'd found in horror movies, but they did not tell me about the link between book and film. I discovered the truth while on the Internet, I bought the movie later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse would not be true to the book and bland. No doubt it was not boring at all. It was the answer to my prayers Marianne is renamed Anna in the film, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school, Anna draws a house in her scrapbook (nothing extraordinary about it), so she gets sick and every time she passes out or falls asleep, she finds herself outside a scary old house (and I mean genuinely unnerving). But she also thinks every time she puts something new into the picture she appears in the dream world, EG an apple tree. Anna draws in the dream world a sad boy called Mark, who is apparently a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but wants to leave the house, forcing Anna to design a beacon (a place to go), but still the problem remains: the brand can not walk. So Anna decides to draw her father. She takes the pencil and works too hard, but the result is deformed and disturbing. Anna particularly does not like his eyes. Quote "he looks crazy". Then, Anna tries to rub it and start again, but the pencil is indelible (this means that nothing can be erased). Then Anna loses her patience and goes through her father's eyes! I also let you discover for yourself the terrible consequences of hasty action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the British response to A Nightmare on Elm Street! The preview of this movie shocked me and upset me. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is how does the dose compare with Psycho? Answer, 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 a genuine shock, 4 and very scary music.
