Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to faint and fall in a world of her own creation. A dark world she drew with a sad little boy like the dweller of an old house in the middle of a lonely field. Lack of detail, as any child who draws the house and its inhabitant Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not attract him any leg) are inhabitants of this world purgatory / limbo. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house more often trying to find out what it is and in the process tries to help save the boy, but his fever is making it harder for her to wake up every time and can not only kill her but imprison -over there. and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It is a good word to sum up the brilliantly astonishing and poetic Paperhouse of Bernard Rose. A film so simple that it is almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you may find this dog in your horror section, it is anything but. It is more of a serious fantasy, cleverly directed and exceptionally well represented by the cast, in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet it is not a children's movie either, but it intends to remind us of those unconcerned days of old that are now only gloomy memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody surroundings that creates an exciting setting for brilliant history and great actors to play with. Paperhouse is far from trying to explain its most dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the imagination of the viewers. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse likes to play with the viewers' minds, absorbing their own sense of reasoning. With the unfolding of the story, I was struck by how powerful the film managed to get to the end, which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. <br /> <br /> The look of Bernard Rose is brilliant here. It is capable of creating a discouraging atmosphere that seems simple on the surface, but as a whole is much larger than the sum of its parts. The performance of young Charlotte Burke in this, her film debut, is truly impressive as well. Unfortunately she has not graced the screen ever since. A well deserved Burnout Central award seems appropriate for this performance. Towards the end the movie gets a little here and there, but I was able to easily ignore it. I wished they had taken a darker course creating a much more powerful ending that would have proved even more unnerving and truly fascinating in retrospect. The film as it is, is still one of the books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic ride told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much is left to be pondered and much more to be commended.
