I miss the Vestron company, they sure had their finger on the unique and unusual movie wrist in the 80s. This is very apparent with the astounding Paperhouse, a film that touches me deeply every time I watch. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl manipulating a dream world with her drawings (thus, the dream world manipulating reality.), and also connecting with and affecting the life of a boy she never met, is fascinating and never disappoints. Charlotte Burke at first seems rather precocious and yet you get warmed up with her, because being a bit of a naughty child makes it difficult for adults to believe in what she's experiencing. She becomes very conscious and strong to the end, even though she does not think she "hates boys", as she so defiantly stated at the outset. Through this, we are treated with many exciting moments and some immensely scary, all visually stunning with a great score by Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to own the soundtrack on CD when it was released in the United States by RCA Victor. As I write this article, there are no Paperhouse DVDs available in the US (Europe only), I hope one of my wishes comes true, as I really appreciate this beautiful film and a DVD would be very welcome! It's gratifying to see the girl discovering her thoughts as a puzzle game trying to make the dream world work for her and her new friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spires do a magnificent job everywhere, I find the editorial comment on Amazon.com about being hammy acting rather disconcerting - I found all aspects of Paperhouse to be stimulating. Even in minor scenes of brightness, as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom are looking at each other through the glass of a door, she is quite powerful. <br /> <br /> You do not have to be a kind of art to enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who enjoys a movie that stimulates and wants more. There is enough in this movie to invite repeat views and I'm still amazed at the cinematography and sets. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, because there are so many details to absorb and savor. A very exciting experience indeed. <br /> <br /> Although there are many movies that I love, there are only a few specifics that have a great emotional impact on me: films like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so much drek out there going through movies that will be easily forgotten and in bargains, all I have to do is watch Paperhouse and my faith in the wonderful narrative is renewed.
