This movie opened for poor presentations in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and only brought the crowd inside. Songs on All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoN were not played so often that I was tired of them at the time, even though I recognized their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it took all these years to do. This was because the marriage was very unfortunate and Kamal Amrohi also had difficulty finding the money to make the film; looking at the sumptuous sets and costumes, not surprising !! Not only does Meena Kumari grow old and sick but she listens attentively to Lata's voice. Inhi soonN ne has its younger voice of the 50s, while songs that have been re-recorded as Chalo dildar chalo show a clear development. I just wanted someone to find Ghulam Mohammad's songs that were not included in the film, because of the change in fashions that demanded less music and published them. Can in a recent interview (2007) ranked Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers he has ever worked with except for Madan Mohan (a personal great friend). Note also that you hardly see the actors in Chalo's dildar songs, very unusual. There is only a brief photo of Raj Kumar in the middle distance and you only see the back of the supposed Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. Any other movie, this song would have closes of both. <br /> <br /> As for this being the best movie ever, I beg to differ. That means you've lost a lot of Indian movies, in no particular order, movies like Barsaat (old), Devdas (older versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombai ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan, etc. etc. And if you value music more than history, the list would simply grow with fine scores of Barsat Ki. Raat for Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: the list is really endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah but do not miss any of the above ...
