Emilio Miraglia's first feature, Giallo, The Evelyn Night came out of the grave, was a great combination of gothic and gothic horror - and this second film is even better! We have more of Giallo's side of the equation this time, although Miraglia does not miss the gothic horror style that made the previous film a delight. Miraglia puts more emphasis on the details of the plot this time, and as a result, it's the typical Giallo maze, with characters all over the place and red herrings being played every few minutes. This is a definite bonus to the movie, however, as long as it can get a bit confusing at times; there is always enough to keep the public's interest and Miraglia's stories have improved since her previous film. The plot begins with a scene where two girls fight, before their grandfather explains the legend behind a rather sinister painting in his castle. The legend revolves around a woman named "The Red Queen" who, according to legend, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, assassinations begin to occur ... Even though he has made only two sons of Giallo, Miraglia has its own set of tributes. It is obvious that red color is important to him, since it stands out in both films; and he seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He likes castles, gothic atmospheres and stylish murders as well - which is good for me! Miraglia may not be Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but he certainly knows how to overthrow an exaggerated murder in his film; and here we have delights involving a Beetle, and a death on an iron fence that is one of my favorite death scenes in Giallo. The female side of the cast is great, with the gorgeous Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti directing a cast of girls who are not afraid to undress! Bruno Nicolai's courtesy track is captivating, and although there was not much psychedelic rock heard in The Night, Evelyn came out of the grave; it fits the movie well. The ending is a kind of turn-off, because although Miraglia accelerates the gothic atmosphere, it seems more than a little rushed and the killer's identity is too obvious. But even so, this is a deliciously fun Giallo and one I recommend to fans of the genre!
