Finally - I finally came in and got to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! So far I've only had a raucous scratchy version of Dubai TV in the 90s, with English subtitles, stunning widescreen coverage and a fluid color with a mind of its own. Having thought the world of such a poor (and short) copy I think the decent was well worth the wait and the 140 minutes filled up even more of a treat than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> This was the adorable Meena Kumari movie from beginning to end, and I believe it was planned by her from 1958, finally realizing this in 1971. What a pity that chronic alcoholism finally killed her soon then, and in fact she was too sick to perform some of the scenes in Pakeezah, needing a double body. In some scenes the tension definitely shows in your face. The Story of Purity Versus Adversity I can only treat as fiction having no experience of anything remotely close to it, but I am led to understand that it faithfully describes a world that has now disappeared and which must have been common in India. It is a colorful and glittering film, with a relentless epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that, in some way, is also simultaneously enjoyable. But for me it is the unparalleled golden music of Ghulam Mohammed sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and his participation in the unfolding of the story that makes this film so exceptional. I rarely hear songs so serious, beautiful, poetic, beautifully sung and played on any soundtrack of the film. Singin 'In The Rain may be my favorite musical movie, but Pakeezah has my favorite song - still Lata said the songs themselves were nothing special to her. The only pity is that the only single Mohammed Rafi only had one song here, despite a classic duet with Lata. Because of all of this, but not blind to its flaws, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie filmed at a time when the Westernization of India was gaining momentum and was now watching when Western values ​​appear to be sponsored by the State. de rigueur. At a minimum, watch Pakeezah for a taste of what Indian pop music had to offer the world before being discarded for electronic drums, Bollywood Beat and Bhangra.
