The Power of Kangwon Province is the second major effort of director Hong Sang-Soo and clearly much of what he began in his previous films returns in this film, including the multiple connected narratives (in this case, two) and stories of problems or disturbances. relationships, as well as a potent dose of irony. <br /> <br /> One thing that is clearly diminished from his previous work is fantasy flights that included elements of surrealism. However, this film also contains a single surreal moment that contrasts with the very realistic depiction found in it. The two stories follow a young woman who goes with her friend for a trip to Kangwon Province, only to be attracted to a stranger, the second about a man who also travels to Kangwon Province with his friend and struggles with their relationship. Again, Hong shows a strong grasp of irony and flaws in human nature and yet I do not think he is totally unfriendly when it comes to his characters, attracting enough compassion to compensate. the criticism he draws from his irony. I think what I've learned to love about Hong movies is that they feel so real, especially the complex and conflicted characters. It does not mean that every person is hypocritical or suffers from confused feelings, but rather that these characters that he and the actors present, feel fully developed and believable. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast moving movie. There's a lot left over, and like in the previous movie, things do not always connect right away, so patience is worth it and amazingly. There does not seem to be any element of the film that has not been intentionally put into the film and made me a bit hyperconscious of several seemingly extra characters as they are dragged into the mix as the movie progresses. <BR> Power is an excellent film that manages to inject a level of personal emotion, regret, longing for a story that highlights the irony and fallibility of human decision-making. It's a fairly difficult balance to keep and it's amazing how Hong manages to do it twice in a row. The technical values ​​of production have been much better since the first film and the direction were stable and clear. This film does not have the same emotional impact as the first, but it gains a lot in its guaranteed exploration and the refinement really helps to tighten the overview. Great viewing for lovers of art cinema. 8/10
