Fever Pitch has many of the cliches we've come to identify with Hollywood's romantic comedies: a relationship between two people with little in common, the secret he's hiding that she discovers, the inevitable breakup, and the audience itself ?? Well, I will not go any further, but you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball like me, though I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston professor played by Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. Adapted from Nick Hornby's novel by veteran script writers Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifelong fan of the Boston Red Sox whose uncle gave him season tickets when he was seven years old and he has been emotionally trapped at that point. life to the detriment of their relationships with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Meyers, Fla., Every winter for the Red Sox Spring Training games and never misses a home game during the regular season. His family is not made up of parents or siblings, but the fellows who take part in every game with him and his room are not a place to sleep, but rather a Red Sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls in love with business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with the possibility of having to grow up, but Ben is not yet prepared for it. She'd rather go to the Yankee series than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. His relationship is about to dissolve, so he stops and thinks about his priorities, especially when an aspiring dr. Phil asks, "Do you love the Red Sox, but did they ever love you back?" Although the Fever Pitch premise is that some things are more important than baseball (think the thought), you would never know this from the way things happen. Of course, for anyone familiar with the history of the Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will break the heart of their toughest fans - but that's 2004, the year that Bambino's curse came to an end. moves to a new level, Ben can do the same. Both performances of leadership are excellent and the Farrelly brothers even get a very thick gag. While Fever Pitch will never be mistaken for an art film, it's a joyful joke that will have to be one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!.
