I have to admit that I entered Fever Pitch with low expectations. It's not a big revelation for me to say that Jimmy Fallon's last film (Taxi) was really bad, and the Fever Pitch trailers were fine, but they did not mesmerize me. I was already preparing some baseball puns for my review ... <br /> <br /> "I like Jimmy Fallon, but Taxi was the only one in his movie career.Well, now we have steeeeee-riiiiiike twoooooooo! One more strike, and it's back to the SNL! "Or" Buy some peanuts and cookies, but do not buy tickets for the Fever Pitch, you'll leave the theater and never come back! " So the movie had to be more fun than I expected. But hey, I could not let my puns get wasted, right? Another reason I thought I would not care for the movie is that I hate the Boston Red Sox. My whole family hates them. The mere mention of the name of Pedro Martinez makes me run to the bathroom. Oh man, wait ... <br /> <br /> Alright, I'm back. Anyway, my mother, who is a St. Louis Cardinals fan, still believes the World Series was rigged last year. She refuses to believe that the Sox legitimately won. But I'm man enough to admit that Fever Pitch made me sympathize, albeit slightly, with the situation of the Red Sox fans. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has a passion for sports will be able to relate to it. movie on some level. Unless you have a favorite team, you can not completely understand the extreme ups and downs that a fan like Fallon's Ben can go through. There is nothing as fresh as the smell of a new season and nothing so smooth as a clean slate. Well, figuratively speaking. It's the joy of being a sports fan. "Wait until next year," becomes your mantra, your motto, your prayer - and Fever Pitch effectively captures that essence. <br /> <br /> I love the fact that the film has a fictional storyline and play it against the real-life backdrop of the unlikely series of the Red Sox World Series last year. I do not love it so much that I want to get married, but you know what I mean. I expected this to be handled quite cheerfully, and while humor is a little silly, it's actually very realistic. See, Ben's uncle took him to his first Red Sox game when he was 7, and when he died Ben left his two tickets for the season. Ben has not lost a game in 23 years. At the beginning of each season, he has a draft day in which he and his friends get together to find out who can play games with him. He makes everyone dance for the Yankee games and whenever anyone complains, he threatens them with tickets to the Royals games (sorry Mr. Shade) and the Devil Rays. It's a really good scene, and it works so well because I really know people who do the "draft ticket day". I must also admit that I can identify when Ben is having dinner with Lindsey and her parents. The Red Sox are playing a street game, but instead of watching live on TV, Ben decides to record it. One of the most dangerous things in life is to record a game and then be in public and try to avoid listening to the result. Was there. It's a very tense and scary situation. Weeeeeell, Ben enters the danger zone when a guy shows up at the restaurant and mentions watching the game. Ben immediately covers his ears and starts yelling like a banshee so he will not hear the result. Lindsey is ashamed and her parents do not know what to think. Yes, sports fans can be weird, I do not deny it. But it's real. <br /> <br /> Now, if you're expecting the raw things that the Farrelly brothers are known for, then you might be disappointed. They have their moments, such as when Ben says he likes how Lindsey sometimes speaks on the side of her mouth "like a lovely victim of stroke" but overall this is definitely a softer and more romantic side that the manos are putting on display This does not mean that the film is too laborious. Fortunately, when the sap starts to flow a little, the Farrelly know when to move away. A romantic moment with Lindsey jumping in the field and running up to Ben to declare his undying love for him turns to Ben honestly answering, "You have to tell me about the outside field. Is it fluffy?" Jimmy Fallon proves that, with the right stuff, he manages to behave well on the big screen, and Drew Barrymore remains a constant source of romantic comedy charm. Fever Pitch is just a solid and good entertainment, which gives a new insight into the genre of romantic comedy. It's a movie that boys and girls can relate to. Particularly the guys who practice sports fanaticism at some point during the year and the women who need to deal with them. <br /> <br /> Now, if Red Sox fans could shut up about "Bambino's Curse," I'd be grateful. My Memphis Tigers NEVER won the NCAA basketball championship, so I officially declare my situation bigger than yours. <br /> <br /> THE GIST Fans of Jimmy Fallon, Drew Barrymore, romantic comedy, the Red Sox, baseball or sports Fanaticism in general should consider taking a look at the Fever Pitch. I would not go out of my way to run and see it in the first available time, but will do a great matinee. <br /> <br /> Rating: 3.25 (out of 5)
