"Fever Pitch" is a sweet and charming addition to the small genre of sports novels like date movies or movies that a son might be willing to go with his mother (although the audience's faces got restless during the romantic scenes). I have experienced a milder version of such a story as my first exposure to baseball was dating my husband in the spring after the first win of the Mets World Series and then I watched the Mets conquer their next because I was what is still in the first morning hours with our two young children who grew up to teach me more about baseball through the other painful failures of our Neighborhood National League team to win it again (and it was I who took our eldest son to his only Fenway game Park, when I got some Red Sox fever as a graduate student in Boston). <br /> <br /> So compared to reality, the script creates two people with real jobs. It is particularly impressive that the character of Drew Barrymore is a substantive workaholic who has anti-Barbie skills, although she practically only visits with her three insipid friends during the gymnastics trainings that allow much jiggling and minor minor stories with their parents are not completely It's even configurable how she knows Jimmy Fallon's math teacher and how she falls in love with her "winter face" - although it's surprising that her Red Sox paraphernalia filled the apartment and did not topple her . for his "summer face" Jekyll-and-Hyde. His relationship crisis during baseball season also unfolds in a pleasantly adult, from commitment efforts to his fragile challenges to him, centered around that both are facing thirty and unmarried. Fallon surprisingly increases the gradual emotional maturity of his character. While the end borrows heavily from O. Henry, the writers did a job of quickly incorporating Sox's incredible 2004 season into a revised story (with much cooperation from the Red Sox organization to film in the stadium ). The script serves to explain why Fallon does not have a Boston accent, as a New Jersey immigrant, but that does not explain why his heterogeneous friends do not. Boston's most authentic sound comes from most of its "summer family" of other season ticket holders, who gently scoff at the basics of the Sox culture for the neophyte Barrymore (and any of these members of the public). <br /> <br /> The selection includes many Red Sox fan favorites from the opening notes of the classic "Dirty Water," although most will be heard on the final credits as if you were listening to local radio and it's worth it. Worth listening to.
