Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for his estranged wife and news of her daughter, what he thinks of her, the chance of any kind of reconciliation is very small. While here, the sheriff and the important citizens learn about Tollinger's reputation as a traitor to the city's specialist pistols. As they are living in fear of a mysterious landowner who is taking their town from them little by little, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to rid the city of its unpleasant elements. <br /> <br /> The man with the Gun seems to be a forgotten piece or very little seen, by the time I write this, it has just over 200 votes and only nine user comments have been written for it. It is a shame on both points because, although production values ​​shout that this is a Western B movie, this is a great entry into the Western genre. That piece gets a standard plot theme from a harangue city turning to an avenging black angel, probably did no favor to the movie over the years, I even read the synopsis and thought it was just another one in the similarly themed line The pictures. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dramatic dark picture with many pleasant moments, both technically and as a functional story. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in front as Tollinger, perfectly released, he passes by photo as some shocking threat. We often talk about the onscreen presence that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had, of course, of course, Mitchum is up there with the best of them. A sequence here sees you standing in the shadows at the bottom of a room when a meeting happens, we do not see your face, but we can feel that pervading brood staring at us! The rest of the cast is also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so it's only with the great man that the films that act as credentials are high, it might be unfair to highlight Corsia's Ted by a kick but the minor flaws of Man With the Gun are with its villains, and unfortunately Corsica is missing any kind of villainous threat. Alex North's score is excellent (Spartacus fans will certainly keep their ears up) and Lee Garmes' cinematography is impressive when it is realized that most of this photo was recorded in the studio. Directed and co-written for the first time director Richard Wilson, Man With The Gun holds some surprises for the genre, but it is dark in tone, violent and above all, highly watchable. 7.5 / 10
