'Una Giornata Particolare' is a film that has a title that sounds so familiar that I thought I'd seen it more than once. Now that I have finally seen, I am very happy. This is one of the best Italian films I know, with one of the most wonderful performances by Marcello Mastroianni, who stars in other masterpieces such as "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2", both by the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a film that takes time to introduce the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, the neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, quite fanatical in her thoughts, and he is no longer a member. The reason for this I will not reveal. The day everyone in the building, including her husband and children, leaves to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and that's how the two meet. Just before Antonietta went to Gabriele, she thought about killing herself, again for reasons I will not reveal. As the story unfolds from here I will not reveal, but it is what happens between the two that makes this day so special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see that he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, although at first we do not know why. It may be that he likes Antonietta, he may be in love with her, there may be other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes the attention anyway. We see how she makes her hair look attractive to the man. Loren plays the scenes very well as well. We understand your questions, although we can not be sure what your intentions are. The moments when we discover both your secrets, if that's what you call it, is a great time. As the story unfolds from there it's even more interesting, but I do not want to ruin it for you. This is a movie you should see. Great performances and beautiful cinematography, and the message you give us still remains today.
