A SPECIAL DAY (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada, 1977). <br /> <br /> From time to time, you come across a movie that really touches a nerve. This offers a very simple premise, almost perfectly executed in every way and incredibly moving at the same time. It is surprising that Ettore Scola's "Una giornate particulare" is relatively unknown, even hated by some critics. Time Out calls this "garbage" and Leonard Maltin, a little softer, "nice but insignificant." I do not agree, not only because this film is moving deep but within its simple story, it shows us more insights into daily life in fascist Italy than most of the films I've seen. Cinematography is distinctly unreflective, even bland, and the plot is straightforward, which may explain the film's relative unpopularity. Considering that the late 70's audience was not exactly spoiled with great Italian films, it is even more strange that this did not really understand the critics. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a ten-minute collage of archive footage. of Hitler's visit to Italy on May 8, 1938. Against this background, we met Antonietta (Loren), a lonely and loving housewife with six children in a Roman apartment building. One day, when her Beo escapes, she meets her neighbor Gabriele (Mastroianni), who seems to be only one in the building that does not participate in the ceremonies. He is well-educated, cultured and soon she is attracted to him. Throughout the film, we heard the fascist manifestation of the concierge radio screaming through the courtyard. Scola playfully uses the camera to make us part of the process. After the opening scene, the camera traverses the courtyard of the modernist apartment block (hypermodern at the time), apparently looking for our main characters, which we still do not know. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable in the two main roles, which is even more amazing, since they are totally against the type. The Canadian John Vernon plays Loren's husband, but he is only onscreen in the first and last scene. I imagine his voice must have been dubbed, since he is not a descendant of Italians and has never lived there, as far as I know, so I can not imagine that he speaks Italian. If your voice was dubbed, I did not notice anything. On the contrary, he is completely believable as an Italian, even more so than the rest of the cast. The story is simple but extremely effective, the performances are impressive, the ending is just perfect and the framing does not seem overly pretentious, but it works completely. Do not miss this one. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 9/10
