As already said, the best version of Homer's epic. Fully filmed in natural locations in the Mediterranean. The sea and sky are unbelievably blue, the islands untouched and green. The clothes are made of linen, wool and skin, the scenery is stony and empty, everything is a bit sturdy and primitive, a little what you would find in the Cacoyannis or Pasolini films, and it makes everything even more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and between widely in supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​how the life of the 10th century BC could have been. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is a bit slow and austere, but the whole is so beautiful that you quickly enter it. In fact, it is incredibly close to Homer's original plot, if not to the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, the beginning being centered on his son taking care of him. Then he suddenly appears lost in a storm, lands on the island of Fécios, where the royal family takes good care of him. His adventures are told in flashback as a narration for his hosts: the terrifying Cyclop, the magical world of Circe, the underworld, mermaids etc. He finally returns to his native Ithaca after 20 years, and everything ends dramatically with the killing of his faithful wife Penelope's suitors. Like a story, the Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor of the struggles of a man's life. The cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical performance of the Greek tragedy like Penelope, but the most incredible is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really handsome and totally convincing, it looks like the role really was made for him. Strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension afterwards. Also playing Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) later famous as the James Bond girl in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and playing Atena is Michele Breton, who was noticed in the strange movie "Performance" with Mick Jagger. As it was 35 years ago, the series was really a breakthrough for the time, as the first great European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I've seen this mini-series in 8 parts on French television since 1974. I was a kid at the time, and although it was all black and white, it left a very vivid impression. Throughout my life I wondered if I would have a chance to see it again, as it was never shown on French TV later. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on DVD (all in wonderful colors) across the internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without subtitles, although French and German versions existed at that time. I've never heard that there was any English version of this film, as it is widely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and it's a shame. If you get the chance to watch it, you will not ever forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many Odyssey versions before or after that. Camerini's 1955, starring Kirk Douglas, is a classic sword and sandal as "the 10 Commandments," but not so impressive and too short for such a complex story. Konchalovsky's 1997 film is a shoddy Hollywood film based on special effects, sometimes quite bloody, very ill-represented and far removed from Homer's history and atmosphere.
