No, this is not a continuation of the fabulous OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after Ghim's death (and Woodchuck's disappearance). It is also more accurate for the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why the characters (Orson and Shiris) are reintroduced, and why the story may seem a bit different from the ones used for the OVA. (The booklet included on the set provides excellent answers to these questions, as well as several online sites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part TV series focus on the fateful battle in Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes feature Spark, an aspiring blue-haired gentleman who identifies with Parn, and his team sloppy with misadventures as they try to stop the Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer. <br /> <br /> It's not exactly the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the finale, where Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard, does not he?), this TV accompaniment is still a lot of fun for fantasy fans. Even though the animation is limited (and one step below the artistic line of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its feature elements. The characters, the engaging plot, the magic, the romance and the great soundtrack marked by Kaoru Wada of NINJA SCROLL, all give that unbalanced a blow. <br /> <br /> Although LODOSS's OVA voice-over has been criticized for one reason or another, I generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had significant hopes for the dub for CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the LODOSS English TV track is of acceptable (if not stellar) quality; however, has its share of problems. Much of the original cast that lent its English voices to the LODOSS characters returns (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a great bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's more mature parn is a bit offensive. It does not do a bad job, but his voice sounded like the irritation of the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to instantly disassociate the dub), but when Spark and company took the stage, I found it less annoying. (I do not know if it's because he got better or grew up in me). Also, not everyone from the OAV dub returns. Jayce Reeves only expresses Wagnard (terribly) for one episode; he is replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, which gives a twist, but still malevolent (as well as the expected laughter of evil). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is very tired and takes about five or more episodes to find his way. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially during his last dramatic scenes. <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn). ), the best dub voices come from some of the more recent characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack-episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who expresses Pirotess in OAV, but also Ryna voices with vulnerability and annoyance, as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene in which she is Leaf the Half-Elf). The rest of the cast is nothing terrible, but a bit more unlike the OAV dub. Some are well (Aldonova, Greevus) while others are mediocre (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and few were terrible (in particular, Prince Rhea's VA is too hard and monotonous for a justice fighter). <Br /> <br /> In fact, the lack of auditory continuity (some cast members get new voices for some unexplained reason until we get to some of the later episodes) is one of dub's problems. Others include less memorable and weird sound dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (apologies in advance to fans) the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These eccentric interludes, super-deformed at the end of each episode, will entertain you or drive you crazy. I admit that at first I thought they were a major nuisance, but then they grew up a little after a while. (In addition, there are some hilarious lines like "I am King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I am REALLY a crazy!") These flaws rank the dub for the CHRONICLES a little lower than for the OVA, resulting in an irregular English track, summarized as "OK". <br /> <br /> If anyone wonders if the Japanese track is the preferred choice, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has its strengths and weaknesses. While some voices are less annoying than the English language range, I have found that others are less attractive than English equivalents (in particular, the actress who deedlit is far from as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). Also, I must mention that the Japanese cast is not the same as the OVA. As the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members were replaced by new ones. Although they do a respectable job, it can be a huge hassle for those who are accustomed to the Japanese cast of OVA. It shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, right? Despite its flaws, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a good series that deserves to maintain its own territory. It is not without its difficult points and does not always correspond to its predecessor, but there are still good enough points to counteract the bad guys, making it a moderately pleasant fantasy Anime.
