In terms of the arts, the 1970s were a very turbulent time. In literature and the visual arts, it was the closing of a great period of fifty or sixty years of creativity that has not yet been restarted. In music it has been a decade that many see as a low, due to corporate rock and disco. On television, it was a golden age for sitcoms, from The Odd Couple to the Mary Tyler Moore Show, to M * A * S * H ​​for All In The Family, but at the movies it was an even longer period of creativity , which saw the emergence of American directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of the old studio systems that had dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These directors wanted to create literary arts films for the masses, the kind that had been basic in Europe since the end of World War II. However, the studios tried to keep up with socially conscious films of the sort that had not been seen since the 1930s. But unlike the 1930s films, starring actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring the Dead End Kids), which dealt with social issues in a realistic way, or as realistic as one could get on a sound stage, social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s was more pronounced in science fiction films , which allowed the Hollywood Left to preach to the masses under the guise of what most considered little above the entertainment of comics. There were precedents for this approach as several 1950s flying saucer films dealt with the political spirit of the McCarthy era - most notably the Day the Earth Stood Still and the Invasion of the Body Thieves. And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly subverted the political conservatism of the time, casting social issues into science fiction scenarios in his classic science fiction program, The Twilight Zone. Among the studio offerings of this era were the ecologically sensitive Silent Running; George Lucas's first film, THX 1138, dealing with consumerism, group thinking, and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which hammered communism and state control against the rights of an individual. Some of the film's references are quite heavy - and they smell of the then Arab oil crisis and unrestrained inflation. Some chopped strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rations their assorted colored foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, supposedly made from "best underwater growth" in a way not unlike gas rationing at the time. Scenes of food riots are mysterious echoes of the riots brought on by the oil at many gas stations during the film's release year, and crowded scenes and dead and alive bodies lying about everything are still chilling as well as influential. A later film like Escape From New York is an obvious offspring. The rest of the screenplay by Stanley R. Greenberg, however, is quite pedestrian, and fairly standardized for a dystopic film, but Fleischer and director of photography Richard H. Kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds , to spice up. things. The use of soft, dimly lit, blurred-filtered visuals adds a Stygian touch to New York from the film, almost like a color version of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not for fake fashion the film might actually look timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, where Thorn enters the processing plant where human corpses are turned into Soylent Green wafers, is both chilling and strangely without drama. In the end, Soylent's minions hunt Thorn, but he survives long enough to utter the movie slogan for Chief Hatcher. However, it is not known if it is enough, as Hatcher has already been co-opted and has a history of taking the easy way out. However, this fact, and its ambiguity, shows that the film does not recapitulate the dilemmas of its characters, and has a depth many later, better films, sci fi or not, do not have. That's also why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
