Documenting a documentary. That's one way of describing Keep the river to your right: a modern cannibal tale. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in his 70s traveled back to places he spent as a field researcher for more than 40 years, first in West Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is a full-fledged character: a gay Jewish anthropologist who lives on a cruise ship teaching tourists to admire the cultures through which he came to have deep respect and understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with both the Asmat people of West Papua and the Amazonian cannibals in Peru, Tobias has been haunted by what happened in his time in those places and how intimate his connection and relationships have become. However, the constant admiration and appreciation of Tobias for the places he met is admirable and a real pleasure to watch. One can only hope to attain and retain this humility. <br /> <br /> Tobias makes an attractive subject for the study because the experiences he faced by immersing himself in these two tribal societies have left him fundamentally changed. This film defies the notions of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Pay attention to the graphic circumcision scene). When asked why he engaged in some of the local practices that others would morally denounce, his nonjudgmental nature asks, "Why not?" Who can say that the way of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper is required not only for National Geographic types, but also for those interested in the art of making documentaries. This movie shows what can be done on video. The issue provides a silent revelation of Tobias life that leaves you watching fascinated. Sometimes he despairs being pushed by the film crew to make the emotional journey back, especially considering his age and physical frailty. We may be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to be transformed into himself, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand humanity and its place in the world. Filmmakers provide a few moments of critical balance, featuring, for example, an anthropologist who believes that Tobias predetermined his findings (of homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. Having said that, you can not decide when to stop being shocked and when to take that man home for a hug. Move over River Queen, this is the best river ride I've taken in a while.
