NYC, 2022: The greenhouse effect, disappeared oceans, grinding unemployment and scarcity of water, energy and food .. and the population of New York surpassed 40 million. This is a little gem of an image, even because a future depleted in resources is a reality for us citizens of the 21st century. <br /> <br /> The low-budget opening titles of this movie are great: music music, a low-tech "tape-slide" sequence composed entirely of archive footage from the dawn of photography to 1973, unpopular American pastoral developing in a polluted and crowded hell in less than 2 minutes. Succinct and unmistakable, it is truly memorable. Budgetary constraints are also behind a pretty unimaginative cinematography and other constraints, at odds with the brilliant premise of history. Police station sequences are like an episode of a 1970s TV detective program, and the other interior settings seem basic, at best. The budget probably continued to "futurize" Soylent Executive's "Chelsea West" apartment with state-of-the-art products, which means the other costumes are shallow, some ambiance plans are bizarrely depopulated, and the daytime exteriors all seem to be filmed. smoke filter <br /> <br /> The memorable scene where Sol and Thorn (Charlton Heston) share a rare and rare food meal sums up their society: They like bourbon, lettuce, celery, tomato, Robinson's death scene, in which his character is voluntarily euthanized in a place called 'Home', describes him immersed in images of someone. the once beautiful flora and fauna of the world, as he remembered them, contrasting beautifully with Thorn's belated perception that the future went bankrupt, among other horrors. <br /> <br /> This is a clever film and its central message. is as pertinent today as it was in the early 1970s. Yes, I know we're not eating the dead yet, but with our resource-depleting longevity, the growing poverty gap, corporate global capitalism, and the uncontrolled destruction of habitats leading to change long-term forecast of "Soylent Green" can happen.
