The world of science fiction drama SOYLENT GREEN of 1973 is what we might be seeing if we are not careful. It is a world in which New York City's population surpassed the 40 million mark in the year 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, one-year heatwaves, and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is really that particular type of food? This question lies at the heart of this admittedly somewhat dated but still intriguing film based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays Thorne, a NYPD detective who is faced with the murder of a top corporate executive (Joseph Cotten). It turns out that Cotten was on the board of directors of Soylent Corporation, the people responsible for all those food products that people have to consume instead of the real. Heston believes this was not just a garden murder, that Cotten was expelled for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his slightly grumpy but very astute "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and last film appearance), and some timely reminders of how the world used to be. What Robinson discovers about Soylent Green surprises him beyond all imagination; but before he can tell Heston all he knows, he himself has been sacrificed. And when Heston actually discovers Soylent Green's secret ... well, that part has become immortalized in film history. Under the very professional hand of director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather dark but instigating vision of a dystopian future that humankind might be living if we do not restrict our tendency to strip our planet of its natural resources. In fact, this was a project that Heston himself had in mind for filming in 1968, after he found the gold in the sci-fi genre with the PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is probably lost whenever his ultra-conservative political philosophy arises in the conversation (after all, the SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a treaty for unbridled capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the consummate professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is sacrificed (as he sees the world video of a better time, with the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply bleak. The film also benefits from the solid support support of Chuck Connors (as a very convincing heavyweight), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior) and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston in his investigations. <br /> <br /> It should seem easy nowadays to dispense SOYLENT GREEN by being dated. But those who do this must think twice; because the world of this film may end up becoming ours in the present time if we do not observe what we do with what we have today.
