As with all the environmentally conscious films of the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN takes a pretty tacky view of what ecological collapse is. Does overpopulation mean there are too many people to feed? I was under the impression that the famine was caused by war or by failed economic policies. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead from hunger and to this day the greatest tragedy of man was Mao's rural policy in China, which caused more than 30 million starvation deaths in the 1950s. And let us not forget the great famines in the horn of Africa in the 80s and 90s, related to conflicts that do not overpopulate. You may also consider that two of the most densely populated areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macao, have never suffered from hunger in modern times. Similarly, the expansion of favelas around cities, as seen here, does not boil down to overpopulation - it is due to economic factors where people migrate to cities to find better paid work than in the countryside (it is a symptom of industrial progress). of many births), then the image of the streets of New York City being too congested to walk and having people sleeping on stairs is a bit laughable. <br /> <br /> But do not fool yourself into thinking SOYLENT GREEN is a heap of tacky hugs because I consider this the best ecological film of the 70s. It plays with the knowledge of the contemporary audience of the world where Sol and Thorn are beside themselves with joy in finding fruits, cognac and fresh meat. Thorn gasps for having ice in his whiskey, smokes a cigarette and delivers the classic phrase: "If I could afford it, I'd smoke two, maybe three a day." But it is the appearance of the euthanasia chamber that is memorable when Thorn contemplates images of wild animals, flowers, running water, and snow-capped mountains, a world Thorn's generation has never known. This is a very astonishing scene that makes the film SOYLENT GREEN a memorable film, combined with the fact that it presents the final appearance of Edward G Robinson as the wise and old Jewish Sun Roth.
