"The Garden of Allah" is a fine example of twentieth-century "feminine folk literature," combining all the power of rampant erotic and exotic daydreams with the stimulating glamor of false mysticism and the Sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. . Just as Jane Eyre could not be really happy until her castle burned around her and her lover was permanently maimed for her sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find true fulfillment in her marriage until her landlord husband was placed on trial for the murder of his first wife (and his castle burned around him), or poor Psyche could not leave well enough and had to extract the secret of Cupid at all costs, Domini, the devout Catholic heroine of this piece of gut, can only find true sexual fulfillment by inadvertently marrying a man who has renounced his sacred religious vows. Like all such narratives aimed at stimulating the female reader and inducing vapors, it relies on the book's oldest tricks: basic misunderstandings and the inability to express true feelings in the right place at the right time until it is too late . . The logic is that any definite sexual ecstasy can be practiced while one is willing to pay a high enough price for it in atonement in the last act. It is Paul Claudel reduced to standards of beauty salon magazines. Oh well ... It could have been much worse and often was ... <br /> <br /> Without the religious connotations, the plot of the movie is that of your basic porn movie: monk Oversexed crazed by abstinence escapes to the desert, where he has some rolls in the dunes with a romantic, well-made but naive Roman Catholic heiress, before reintegrating his monastery, all the passion spent, leaving it to clear his mess. And I really resent the comparison of another commentator with "Thais" from Anatole France, a sophisticated novel whose purpose was to ridicule the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which occurred in the opera of the same name by Massenet, fortunately. <br /> <br /> But what makes this image unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism, of course, is the huge constellation of talents gathered under a banner to make this wet movie dream come to an end. vibrant and sparkling life. Imperishable Technicolor photography that will outlast us all, a truck full of dignified character actors (including a cute dog), a score by Max Steiner that seems determined to perform the "composite film" that Michael Powell (who, ironically, had a small part of the silent version of 1927) has always dreamed, sometimes laughing at the edge of dissonance, but always appearing in splendid operatic and symphonic exoticism, a dreamy atmosphere where material considerations are not object, characters travel as if from magical point to next, dialogue is sparse, vague and suggestive, art direction is close to heavenly, flower arrangements appear in the most modest hut, heroine wardrobe is inexhaustible and all male characters are aristocrats, saints, condemned, but sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this movie is skeleton, but flawless. The bit rate is too high, the color register is almost always perfect, and the mono 2.0 sound really does justice to Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by the "Garden of Allah", directed "Carnet de Bal", where a horse butter of clothes very similar-not-melt-in-her-mouth heroin (widow after taking care of a sick husband in the exotic isolation of an incredibly romantic alpine villa by the lake) wants to find out what lost looking at the dancers of his first book she finds them just in time, only to realize that any feeling she had at any time between herself and her self was misunderstood, overrated or, on the contrary, had tragic consequences for a lifetime.was the cynical way of Duvivier tell us to beware of impossibly idealistic notions and that we all need to grow sooner or later.
