The public in 1936 must have been shocked by what they were watching: a complete, beautiful, and complete Technicolor film. I can not say for sure, but this may have been the first (3-strip). Anyway, it still looks beautiful more than 70 years later on DVD. In fact, how good it seems to be incredible. Congratulations therefore have to go out to director Richard Boleslowski, cinematographer Virgil Miller, Selznick International Pictures and to the DVD - MGM Home Entertainment. All of them combined to give us one of the most beautiful films of the era of the classical era. <br /> <br /> I thought the story was like this: excellent in the first time, stagnant in the second. It gave a nice message at the end, though many people were not happy about it. I can not say more without ruining things. Marlene Dietrich never looked better, I do not believe, and certainly never played a character so soft ("Domini Enfilden"). The pulsating heart Charles Boyer was the male star and the object of affection of Domini, but some of the secondary characters were the most interesting for me. People like Joseph Schildkraut as "Batouch"; John Carradine as "The Sand Diviner"; Most memorable, at least for me, was the dancer "Irena," played by Tilly Losch. Wow, there's a face and a dance that you will not soon forget! I've never seen anything like it in the thousands of movies I've seen. Just to watch her do the thing was worth the price of the DVD. Looking at her IMDb resume, she was only in four movies, but they were all well-known movies. Basil Rathbone, the actor who actually became famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes," is also here as is C. Aubrey Smith, another famous British actor of his day. Schildkraut, by the way, will be recognized by classic moviegoers as the man who played the arrogant clerk on the blockbuster "The Shop Around The Corner," starring Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullivan. <br /> <br /> The beautiful direction, photography and color, and Tilly's dance are the things that I will remember best about this movie, which is a lot of good and not so good things, all in one . If the last half hour had been better - although I admire the ending - I would have rated it even more. It's definitely a movie collector you want to add to your collection.
