I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. It is not a strictly biographical film; is "loosely based" on the facts. But I found a sweeping and mysterious exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gave an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this film; Petiot traveling through the night like a vampire, his black cloak slamming behind him, is almost iconic. There are also several touches of expressionism - the silly Petiot silhouette climbing the stairs leading from the basement, where the remains of their victims await cremation, reminds me of some scenes of 'Nosferatu'. <br /> <br /> But I found the primary appeal of this film to be aural. The soundtrack is loaded with sinister sounds, beginning with the song's initial credits, accompanied by wordless lament. Petiot lives and runs his doctor's office in a complex with many small shops, and there is a persistent background noise of knives being sharpened somewhere, just like a peddler playing strange songs in a saw. There are animal noises as well - the porter maintains a goat, unseen cats howl - and later in the film we see infested cattle being led through an underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with touches of violence and slaughter. <br /> <br /> Not just animals, but human voices are often heard - the screams of Gestapo victims, Petiot patients in their waiting room, monitored by a hearing aid. , just as suspected post-war collaborators are monitored in their cells. Even the action of the film is often organized so that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot sees Mme Kern, we hear her sing while she works, her voice echoing in the theater, before we see her. . And even when she appears, she is often filmed from behind, her voice calling to her husband, whose voice calls for her in a conversation. Disembodied voices echo in large rooms, and their owners, when seen, are photographed from a distance, so we can not really see them talking. This is a ghost story, and these are the ghost voices - many of which are Petiot's future victims. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just a voice; His scary chuckle echoes as he walks away from the camera, throwing comments behind him or in the air to no one. In a way, he's as much a ghost as he is. He is always frantically busy, running from one commitment to another, never resting. But its activity is that of a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. It is interesting that, among all the horror and danger of occupied Paris, only Petiot is not afraid; he is amused, enthusiastic, angry, angry, contemptuous, but never afraid, unlike those real people he lures to death. Not surprisingly, he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including a perpetual motion machine (a true detail of the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); it is a kind of perpetual motion machine. And mechanical images are everywhere in the film, from the opening grand opening wheel to the cinema to Petiot's bike (with its squeaking wheels echoing the sound of sharpening knives), to the Victrola he keeps playing music before killing. Even your routine with your victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me disguise it before you leave, you need a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - as a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just as the record is always the same. Maeder, the author, says that it was the mechanical perfection of his crimes that weighed so much against Petiot at his trial. His system was as smooth and efficient as a Nazi concentration camp, and that may be why the film invents a subplot of Petiot's involvement with the French Gestapo and the Nazi occupiers. Unfortunately, this does not work as part of the story, because it is very difficult to figure out what Petiot is doing to employees, or what is happening when he ends up in his thirst in the middle of the night. Elimination of bodies? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say and harder to believe; the state is not likely to turn to a freelancer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But this reminds us of the duality of bad people; Petiot is a thief and murderer, but he is also a dedicated father and husband. Just as we knew that Hitler loved dogs and that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could also be loving parents and family men, we must recognize that Petiot could commit unspeakable horrors and still function normally. Its insanity is easily camouflaged by the insanity and horror of the war situation in Paris; when killing, stealing and disappearing is happening everywhere, no one pays attention when Petiot throws more corpses into the pile.
