I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it, and not just for the obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers attempting to climb one of the twin peaks of Mount Everest. Now, that sort of thing usually can not be lacking. Inspired. Moving Pretty normal, right? And even if the movie was just that, I still would have liked it. But it was so much more. Blind, German Sabriye Tenberken has created a school for blind children in Tibet in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as evidence that a person has done bad things in a previous life. Many of the school children have been avoided throughout their lives and, at best, are a burden to their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to visit his students. Instead, it presents a plan. He will arrange an expedition for them to climb 23,000 feet Lhakpa Ri and provide all guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants and that's when the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Erik's team is mostly American, mostly male, and mostly seen. As experienced mountaineers, they are very enthusiastic and goal-oriented Type A personalities. Sabriye is European, feminine and blind, and the students for her are more than a "project", no matter how well-intentioned. In addition, the students are Tibetan, and they are either old or confident enough to always defend themselves. As the expedition unfolds, they become pawns between the two adult "sides," wanting to please both, while at the same time wanting to gain the confidence that comes from accomplishment. As an additional obstacle (besides being blind, that is), they are speaking English as a second or, in most cases, as a third language, and struggle to understand and make themselves understood. <br /> <br /> As none of the students has any climbing experience, and some are much more coordinated than others, he begins to unravel Erik's original plan for all of them to reach the top together. As students and teachers begin to suffer the effects of high altitude, one must make decisions about whether to continue or send some down the mountain. Among the high-altitude effects is increased irritability, and you can see how this feeds the conflict between adults. At the risk of oversimplifying, on one side are those for whom fate is everything and, on the other, those who just want to enjoy the trip. I will not tell you how everything ends except to say that this was one of the most amazing and thought-provoking stories I've seen in a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also weaves pieces of each climber's story into the narrative, and this was extremely necessary, since once on the climb, children tended to keep their heads down and their mouths shut. With all the drama going on around him, this was not surprising. The background stories are sometimes charming and touching, and I found it very strange that I found myself closer to the tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama being dealt with, director Walker and his small team had to deal with the fragile and oxygen-depleted conditions. climbing the mountains and hoping it would not break. As with all great documentaries, the filmmaker was lucky (or smart enough, or prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she captured a very special story that has a lot to say about the people who want to do "what is best for the children", as well as about the children themselves.
