There is an episode of The Simpsons, which has a joke report, referring to an army training base as a "Killbot Factory". Here, the commentary is simply part of a disposable joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary shows us, alarmingly, is not that far from the truth. After World War II, the US Army decided to face a problem they faced during the war; that many soldiers went into battle and found themselves totally unable to kill another human being unless it was a matter of 'me or them'. Since then, the training process of the US Army has been to remove all moral scruples and turn recruits into killing machines that do not think of combatants as people. To develop in them a more natural state: "The sustainable impulse to kill". <br /> <br /> First, this is not an anti-war film as such. While certainly painting the war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses on an aspect that does not receive as much attention from the media as, say, the debate about the legality of a war or its successes or physical failures; the effect of the process of turning a man into a soldier has that person as a human being. It is the paradox that training someone to be a soldier to defend society makes them totally inadequate to live as part of that society, and while most of the examples and interviewees are from the current Middle East conflict, Foulkrod makes connections with past conflicts, especially the Vietnam, painfully clear. This is not about a particular war, it's about the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three sections; how recruits are drawn to the army and training they receive, how they are treated when in combat, and what happens when they leave the army. Once this point is reached, you realize that the main target of this film are actually the policies inherent in enforced armed policies, which are put in place to transform soldiers into an affective fighting force, but removing all humanity of individuals. Respondents tell the camera how the recruitment process looks so clean and simple, as words like "democracy" and "freedom" are around, but once the training begins they become "enemies" and "kill" and "destroy" ". As once in action the soldiers do not care what they are ordered to do, for they are ingrained at the idea that as soon as they comply with an order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to returning home. They have no political or social ideals to fight, but they fight and kill, which is why they were trained. <br /> <br /> But The Ground Truth's main goal is to highlight the way the US Army rules out those who fought for their country when they returned home. There is no real rehabilitation given to returning soldiers, and many are forced to go home unable to deal with what they have seen and done, and most policies seem to be to ensure that the army has no legal liability for psychological damage. the soldiers catch. This is the ultimate indignity, which once they are used they are thrown away. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film is that Foulkrod does not try to show another side of the argument. You would get the impression that all soldiers who have ever gone to war would come back with Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome. Would have been interesting to see those of a ?? Less liberal education gives its views on how the army handles training and policies. There is never a chance that the other side of the argument becomes known. <br /> <br /> But otherwise, this is a skillfully elaborate documentary, and Foulkrod's use of films and music is perfectly used to convey a side of the war that often goes by when discussing the aftermath of the war.
