"Descent." Yes. Boy ... I have not seen anything so powerful and sparkling since Bruno Dumont's "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (By the way, this movie should not be confused with another very recent photo on the subject of "Female Empowerment," "The Descent" (2005) directed by Neil Marshall, our friend Splat Pack, who is also a big Mas back to this "Descent", the NC-17 rated (uh-oh) endeavor in which the lovely Ms. Dawson takes the credit of a producer (congratulations) and directed by Talia Lugacy (strong chance that it is not a real name), for the better which is (in a few moments), will not be appreciated by most lay people out there because the script is quite flawed.As a producer, you really have to tighten this script. Of course, just on the premise, you have the promise of a growing conflict , but there is still the task of holding a growing conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing is an interesting piece of experimental theater and Well, I think I will let others who have commented here talk about anger , that is, what happens in the second act - but they find me a second to There is also this Catch 22, which accompanies these almost independent films, such as "Descent", in which Rosario clings and leverages his "fame identity" to put a script in production that, under usual circumstances, could not . made all the time at the same time, she is basically a miscast in the main role of the film. Rosario Dawson is beautiful, and apparently you can photograph this girl from almost any angle all day long, but, wow, how fast time fades: Rosy is no longer a graduate. That's part of the confusion about the script: "She's a graduate student? TA? No, graduate students do not really have that kind of hesitation with soccer players, do they?" Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, this is one of the many aspects of the professional filming process you will have to think of as you embark on this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you do not have the answer to why your film is not convincing, let me tell you: there are a lot of people and a bunch of talented, well-qualified, well-skilled talent eager to get involved with the business. , who could have nailed this main character, all the time, looking as good as you know who; but unfortunately, without Mrs. Dawson -no Honey, no money. I have to say, the camera department did a great job, however, because this film is really well filmed (ie enlightened) in all its gloomy / dreamy darkness. The nightclub scenes look wonderful; it can be said that all video clips are starting to be worth it and the game over time ... The shooting / framing is all excellent which makes the photo a rewarding watch. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is not good at all. However, I get the feeling, thanks to NetFlix, this movie will find a life of its own. I hope this group continues to make films. If you like experimental American movies, cinematic images of implausibly well-formed college stallions (or abandoned male models) in their early twenties, or if you are a graduate student, simply angry at the young aggressive hormones that comprise less than half of his American university, "Descent of Rosario Dawson" may be his taste of RockaRoll.
