Katherine Heigl, Marley Shelton, Denise Richards, David Boreanaz. Even before I knew what this movie was about, these names were enough to attract me. Gorgeous, talented and popular, these are artists to look for. <br /> <br /> Okay, where do I start. We already know what the movie is. Five beautiful girls being targeted for a serial 'romantic' slasher, a guy who all refused in dance school 13 years ago. Their trademarks include subtle death threats disguised as Valentine's Day cards, chocolates infested with grubs and a bleeding nose. Your weapon of choice: well, get a pickaxe, knife, electric powerdrill, bow and arrow, hot iron, etc. Okay, so basically it's a horror movie with a nice twisted sense of sexuality. Horror movies should not be Shakespeare, but I do not go there. I love horror movies, but not all of them. This one I love. It's there with some of my other favorites. It's funny, sexy and scary. The murderer's mask is childishly scary, and seeing a cupid firing a bow and arrow at the victim is really scary. The performance is top notch: Denise Richards, Marley Shelton and David Boreanaz are great fun. I really wanted to see much, much more of Katherine Heigl. I'm one of your biggest fans and I'd love to see you doing some leadership work soon. Jessica Capshaw is a very capable actress, and Jessica Cauffiel manages to play the blonde role she perfected in Urban Legend 2. The smaller parts were good too; Hedy Buress was a joke ('bleedmedry.com') and this younger version of Denise Richards looked scary with her. <br /> <br /> Highlights: Each death scene had a particular distinction. The creepiest being the opening scene in the morgue. The hot tub scene, though ridiculous, was well made. And the audiovisual labyrinth was sinister. The soundtrack is great, with scary music and some fine alternative melodies. <br /> <br /> Lowpoint: I felt as if the killer was not characterized enough, we hardly saw the mask, and it was not shown. during the climax. I also thought the climax was really out of focus, but fun anyway. The turnaround at the end was not a big surprise, but I'm really happy that the filmmakers decided to spare us at all. I do not like to tell people what movies they should see, but if someone asked me to to choose a horror movie that I thought was really worth seeing, then Valentine would be it. My rating: 10/10 (Bullseye!)
