I rented this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to watch with my friend and 6 minutes in which we were glued to our seats. Not because of any intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no bangs, no corny liners; movie. It drew you slowly, leading you to a tragically human destiny. Some people think they like movies, but they are sadly mistaken. They like movies; irrational entertainment because of the entertainment alone. The Michael Bay Transformers and the like were produced for this audience only. There is no need to think about people, just observe and always allow stereotypes that we can muster to slowly dissolve your brain. We'll even put ads throughout the movie to keep you buying our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make the distinction, art can be fun, but it is also thought provoking and moving you in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely ingenious, and yet only arbitrarily. The movie is entertaining. Descent is a movie. Cinema is art. <br /> <br /> If you still harbor a soul inside your mobile device, this rape scene is as powerful as "Irreversible." The distinction here is that "irreversible" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose paths unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell followed. "Descent" is about rape. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Only different. It is a violation of trust, profanation of the soul and deep scars. If the character "Maya" had consented, it would have been a hot sex scene. But seeing that she was desperate to escape, the scene is unhealthy. "Jared" is a serial and manipulative serial rapist, and it's totally unsettling because it looks a lot like a passionate love affair. How could Maya be close to anyone when even in the midst of raping the smooth facade of her lover Jared just suggested slipping? She's ruined. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. Camera work and lighting sometimes remove the environment and focus everything on "Maya" and the quiet inner workings of your mind. All this done by Rosario with facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was great, a mix of everything. My particularly favorite scene is the timing of all these aspects of films working together; "Maya" dancing in a sea of ​​contorting bodies, something inside her awakening, becoming aware, all set for a beautifully sad song by Jeff Buckley. <br /> <br /> I do not think I blew anything here, but I'm stopping before I do. In short, I think this was the best film of 2007, by far. Unfortunately, it seems everyone is so tired nowadays that if you do not hack and hack, rape in groups or attack anything, people just can not be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It's just the last thing that's going to happen in this lifetime. The worst things that happen never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you take a shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas present, when you tie your shoe; they haunt you. They haunt you until the last thing sets you free. Pamper yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
