First, this was a BRAVE movie. I've seen it irreversible and I can understand the comparisons. However, I can not understand the people who destroyed this movie. I can see how the ending may have been extreme, but I would be lying if I did not say that I wished every guy who ever forced a woman to have sex deserved exactly what Jared had. On the other hand, it did not solve anything and did nothing better and the fact that the film does not intend is what made me appreciate it. <br /> <br /> The commentary before this movie called the movie pathetic and claimed. no adult would stick with. I certainly did and with attention. I'm 24 years old. The way the movie creeps makes it realistic for me. People get so used to their eyes and quick plans that if you ask them to focus on a brick at the base of a movie, they not only lose interest, demolish what's already built, and call it junk. When, in reality, it is the lack of patience and understanding that needs a fine-tuning and not the product of a creative mind like that of Talia Lugacy. Rosario Dawson demonstrated the numbness of impeccable self-destruction. I think she portrayed Maya before and after the robbery with great ease and the transition between the two is an act I rarely see well done. Often very much like the "teen-oriented" movies mentioned in the previous commentary, the effects of rape are displayed as extremely manic and impulsive or terribly depressed, isolated and lifeless. Dawson, in my opinion, manages to do the balancing act that many survivors fall victim to: the existence of a drone in the waking hours, working on some dead end job to survive (and distract) and then abuse addictions to get lost in the fog of substance abuse instead of facing what sobriety brings. <br /> <br /> I thought this movie told the truth and I enjoyed it for finally showing people a different side of rape. So many people let the end of this movie devour the middle and the beginning ... I believe that Maya's face during the act was the end ... not the act itself ... not the revenge or the meaning behind it. .. only her face ... <br /> <br /> thank you
