This was the first television episode of the series Columbo (although it was filmed after "Death Lend a Hand") and announced one of the most successful TV series in history. <br /> <br /> Jack Cassidy (who played the serial killer in the series three times) enthuses the presumption, arrogance and self-confidence to the same extent here as Ken Franklin, half of a team of mysterious writers who creates an elaborate plot to kill his partner, Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner) who decides to end his professional relationship, leaving Franklin exposed as just a good publicity rather than a prolific writer. <br /> <br /> The initial scheme of murder is fantastic and Cassidy's performance facilitates a debatable compliment that he was the best Killer Columbus in the series. Peter Falk is marvelously underestimated in his role as Columbo and the character's inherent and oddities characteristics, which are underlined by an apparent and distracted slowness, contrast particularly well with Cassidy's extreme presumption of character: one of his first scenes together, where Ken Franklin makes a motive for murder through Jim Ferris's non-existent expose of identifying underworld assassin-men, exemplifies this very well. Franklin hints at Columbus's potential motive and Columbo (intentionally or ignorantly) can not hold on, forcing Franklin to express his disappointment in a markedly patronizing manner and to compare him unfavorably with the detective in the books, Ms. Melville. <br /> <Also noteworthy is Steven Spielberg's initial contribution from the 24-year-old. Notwithstanding some elemental inclusions of cameras that accompany the actors and actresses, it adds some elegant and elaborate touches to defend the overall professionalism of the episode. One particularly striking image is of Jim Feriss's body lying on the couch, almost dark in the foreground, when Ken Franklin lifts a glass to him in the background, after he finishes taking a call to the disturbed wife of Ferris. I have no doubt that working on a 10-14 day schedule, Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the event of the second murder, required by a blackmail scheme that is plotted by a woman. friend of Franklin (and ironically referred to as "sloppy" by Columbus in his climatic summary) takes steam out of the whole thing. The cut edge of the plot is compromised, and the screen time between Falk and Cassidy inexorably decreases at that point to perhaps help the screenwriter (Stephen Bocho) out of a tight corner, since he can not singularly develop the story without another murder. <br /> <br /> The climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. The initial joke and exchange of words between Falk and Cassidy is strongly and effectively executed, but only announces the fact that it should have happened more in the episode. The main aggravation is on the sealing lane (if that's called a clue): the presumption and arrogance so far of the character of Cassidy are surprisingly expelled by a lane that really does little to imply their guilt; and once this is mentioned, he capitulates in a way nothing spectacular and atypical. <br /> <br /> All in all, a daring opening to the series, which inevitably announces and predicts all that is good about Columbus, and conversely, the problems associated with such ingenuity, ie maintaining the high standards and, in particular, create a credible and adequately intelligent end.
