Being the Beatlemaniac I am, I approached Two of Us with a combination of fear and fascination. Having seen "In Your Life: The Story of John Lennon," I was rather concerned that Two Of Us did not get any better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris seem absolutely nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? even with makeup and proper hairstyles ?? it did not help at all. <br /> <br /> But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. It's probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970 and consequently probably knew John and Paul very well, that the characters and the dialogue seemed as convincing as they. (The written credit for Two Of Us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, of whom I know absolutely nothing, I am confident that director Lindsay-Hogg had more to do with the script.) Two Of Us is not a Beatles biography; has very little plot, in fact, and occurs in a single day in New York City. What he does is imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is totally fictional, of course? although it can not really be rebutted that such a meeting actually took place. But through this imagined conversation gives us a glimpse of the personalities of these two great musicians? his intelligence, his sense of humor, his different reaction to stardom and, above all, his relationship; What made them such a great team, and what separated them. <br /> <br /> Since it is a talk film, nothing much beyond the dialogue between the two characters for an hour and a half, it is likely to be annoying fans of the Beatles; but it is a fantastic piece of writing and narrative, and it is both informative and touching. For those interested in these two musical giants, very quickly will you overcome the shock of how different the actors seem from their peers and feel like John and Paul had come to life? so intimate and convincing is the script, and so committed are the actors. Two Of Us gives you an invaluable insight into the life of two geniuses and a tale that is both sad and funny. Certainly recommended.
