The Georgian film par excellence of Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969), also known as Do not Grieve, is loosely based on the novel of the French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin". The novel is set in the field of the eighteenth century. Century France. The Great French Revolution is still ahead, but some of its tempestuous signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor is a soul of a local society, the educated, friendly and democratic person who often treats the poor for free. This makes it very popular with locals, but it certainly does not help in your bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette who is also crazy about him, but is being watched closely by his father who called his daughter "his little capital" and is determined to protect his virginity until the time of marriage contract was signed ... I've never read the book, and the description sounds like a very charming French novel, but I'm fascinated with the results of moving the characters and some elements of the plot of France from the 18th century to the early 20th century in Georgia -Grusiya. I think it was Danelia who created all the colorful and memorable characters who feel at home in their homeland Georgia-Grusiya, the land of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, rare musical talents that all The Georgians seem to possess a very unique mood and a high code of honor. When we watched the movie last night along with my husband, he said, what a great example of an art film, and I agree with him. Do not Grieve is a perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never arrogantly but optimistically, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, loving irony and understanding to his slightly eccentric but very human characters. What is more important, the film is warm and gentle, do not look at viewers as they do some of the art images. You do not have to be a movie fan to love, live with it, smile and sigh, follow the good heart of the young Dr. Benjamin (first role in a film by Danelia of the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would make two more movies, including one of my all-time favorites, Mimino) on their journey through the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or to be a guest at a kind of party where friends get together to celebrate the life of the old doctor Levan, who wanted to be a guest on his own, to listen to what his friends have to say about him when he dies while he is still alive, and who chooses the color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the film, I thought it was some kind of film that Federico Fellini might like. I was not surprised to find the article about Danelia, where he names Fellini his number one director. I also discovered that, according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I do not have to introduce, loved another Daniele film, a fairy tale about the American boy Huck Finn, Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about Do not Grieve, while Fellini praised a lot. I dare to go a little further and just think that maybe Maestro Fellini has in mind some images and the very aura and atmosphere of Do not Grieve when he was doing Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential that connects both movies. Both artists returned to their roots, to the places they love deeply, to the people they remembered, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have many smiles through tears. Both are art films that reach directly into the hearts of viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'll add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He made some of the brilliant images in my favorite genre of dramatic comedy, to tragicomies that are funny and bitter, poignant and subtle, earthy and uplifting, gentle and bright. When I researched the list of films he wrote / directed, I was struck by the fact that he has not made a single bad movie since it began in 1960 with the award-winning story of a boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as I'm sure they are among their legions of fans. The man behind Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), which is an adaptation of Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964), also known as Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) ), Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979), also known as Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very appropriate title for this film as well as for the whole genre that Danelia practically invented, favorite cult for over 20 years Kin-Dza-Dza (1986), is brilliant and deserves our true love and genuine gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic bliss.
