This is a film that has deceived me so far but, now that I've seen it, it comes out as one of the main entries in the noir style. As usual with the DivX format, was visualization far from ideal? spoiled by occasional video and (mostly) audio glitches? but since the movie is not yet available on R1 DVD, it will have to be done right now. As the film's reputation is quite high within the genre itself, I assume the reason behind this oversight is because it does not have a known actor in the lead. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the delayed entry of the movie. rated movie star? Franchot Tone? packs quite a wallop (especially as it is shown to be the first villain)! Was Tom an underrated actor? rarely received fleshy papers, and this may well be his best (making his paranoid fascinating and incredibly dangerous). The female lead? Ella Raines, later to appear in BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as THE SUSPECT (1944), by Siodmak, and STRANGE AFFAIR by Uncle Harrison (1945)? is quite adorable and accepts the troubled secretary's role to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Baxter) is innocent of the brutal murder of his wife. Other important supporting pieces are written by Thomas Gomez as the initially intimidating, but ultimately sympathetic, police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. quintessential fall of the genre ?? like an ill-fated "man of the ladies" of a percussionist. <br /> <br /> As Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was in a noir role at this point in his career and does this film definitely benefit from his superb leadership? ? all the angles inclined and fantastic throws of stopped ball, including the famous jazzistic sequence in which Cook beats rhythmically in its battery in a sexual frenzy provoked by Raines (that is doing an act to attract his attention and eventually to take him to confess that he retained evidence in the investigation that could lead his resigned lover to prison). Another long and long sequence is that in which Raines follows a bartender (another witness who does not cooperate) in the streets of New York ?? which results in him getting hit by a car! <br /> <br /> Remarkable, too, is the experimental sequence? which is fully portrayed through the public's reaction, so that the judge, jury, witnesses and DA are never seen (though the voice of the judge is admittedly that of the veteran actor Samuel S. Hinds). The centerpiece of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tom discuss the nature of the criminal involved, with the inspector placed down the second as mentally insane, giving the first presumptuous Tom "dizziness." The climax of suspense finds Raines alone with Tom in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt? and he confesses to having had an affair with Baxter's wife, but killed her when she did not abandon her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I come across a little joke in the movie: While the story is clearly set in 1943, did I notice that during the cab ride to the beginning of the movie? in which Alan Curtis accompanies the lady starring in the theater? the New York filming scene (composed clearly of archive footage) features a marquee promoting the 1938 Laurel and Hardy musical comedy, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel in which it was based using a pseudonym.
