Alan Curtis has a strong and violent argument with his wife, knocks him out of his apartment, has a drunken night with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (directed by Andrew Tombes, in a good part villain for a change) and returns to find his dead wife and the police, led by Thomas Gomez waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with that mysterious lady - fall because everyone he can think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that there has never been such a person. He ends up without an alibi, though his secret secretary (who secretly loves him), Ellen Raines, believes him. Convicted after a trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. Raines begins to leave after the truth, discovering that Gomez has some doubts. She also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis's, Franchot Tone, who was apparently out of town the night of the crime. Is she going to clean Curtis in time? THE PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (the great black writer Cornell Woolrich). As movie fans know of other Woolrich works (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT HAS A THOUSAND EYES, BACK WINDOW, NO MAN'S OWN), one can not presume what is true on the surface anywhere. The missing wife of a salesman may not really be in the state, sending her messages that she has arrived, if he still has his jewelry. Can the mentalist really predict the tragedy - or was he planning the murder of his former partner, now an oil millionaire? Has a leopard killed the girls, or is the rich recluse of the city actually hiding some guilty knowledge? Is the young woman claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in a train accident, actually an impostor? Here's Raines and Gomez (with Tone's help) trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman no one would admit to see-and if he saw her, why can not anyone else remember to see her? The problem with the story is really Curtis's personality - he gives in easily when he is found guilty of the crime he did not commit. In fact, whoever is innocent would scream until the moment he was executed. However, in defense of Curtis' collapse, it also happens to other people in several films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN, is so disgusted with the framing that he gets so delirious and crazy about Douglas Dumbrille and his minions that he does not defend himself at first until the people who depend on his help shout their fears in court and reawaken their sense of responsability. But Curtis seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez, and everyone else would not mind if Curtis did not. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slow rolling of lies by witnesses bribed by the real killer allows two plays for Raines with Tombs on a deserted raised platform and Elisha Cook in a jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain waits to check his alibi again. And the villain can stay a little ahead of Raines and Gomez until the last minutes of the film. If it's not as good a movie as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or THE POSTMAN ALWAYS SOUNDS TWICE or THE MALTESE FALCON, he stays very well until Curtis and Raines meet again at the end.
