This noir may not be the most remembered film of the time, but it presents a great mystery plot, the common noir atmosphere and some good performances of its lesser known cast members. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery / horror classic 'The Spiral Staircase' directed this film two years before the movie mentioned above, and shows a real talent for creating a dark and shocking atmosphere as well as creating a plot that intrigues and fascinates the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he does not like. He picks up a lady with a big hat in a bar one night, and the two agree on a night of "no-show" fun. However, he then returns home to find his apartment infested by police officers and soon discovers that the reason why they are there is because his wife was strangled with one of her bows in the neck! He is dismayed to discover that no one he has seen while the mysterious woman can remember her, and of course the jury sends him to the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him, his handsome employee stays in the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot unfolds well throughout the process, and unlike many of the more well-known noirs, this one features some murders that make the process. more interesting. In fact, were it not for the fact that it was made in the forties and filmed in black and white, I would swear that the Phantom Lady was an Italian Giallo! The central characters are all quite interesting, with Alan Curtis providing a good portrait of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines being effective as the impromptu detective. The real highlight of the film, however, is Franchot Tone, which provides a memorable performance as the insane villain of the play. The film also has the role of supporting the extraordinary actress Elisha Cook Jr, who presents the drums in the most memorable segment of the film. If I were to criticize this film, I would say that the killer's identity is revealed a little too early - though the Phantom Lady deserves some credit on that front for the original way it is. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is surprising considering the unlikely plot line) and overall Phantom Lady is certainly one of the largest and most viewed noirs ever made!
