Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), after an ugly fight and separation from his wife, seems to drown sorrows in the local water fountain. There he spies on a woman in a similar emotional state and, looking for some company, asks her for a show at a club to take both their minds off their problems. She agrees, but only on the condition that they keep their names to themselves. Sure enough, when Scott gets home, he finds the police there, waiting to interrogate him. His wife was murdered. Where were you at 8 p.m., asks Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez)? But Scott has an alibi, right? Only he does not know the woman's name. And the bartender remembers Scott, but not the woman. Neither the taxi driver. Neither the drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.) at the club. Even the club dancer, who Scott clearly saw the woman (the two were wearing the same hat), did not recognize that there was someone with him. Something is happening, but whatever it is, Scott is unable to defend himself in a trial and is sentenced to death for the murder of his wife (on the most fragile 'evidence' in Hollywood's judicial history). He is left to his loyal secretary, "Kansas" (Ella Raines), who later joined a friendly Inspector Burgess, to find out the real killer before Scott was executed. <br /> <br /> The Phantom Lady is built on themes that almost compulsively resort to Woolrich's work. For example, the schizophrenic antagonist is also seen in Black Angel and The Leopard Man. In addition, there is the character who becomes mentally unbalanced by the death of a boyfriend or spouse as found in Rendezvous in Black and The Bride Wore Black. It can leave a viewer feeling like he is treading on well-worn terrain. But in the right hands, the febrile conspiracies, the sorry dialogue, the narrative inconsistencies, everything is out of the question. Fortunately, the Phantom Lady was being guided by healthy hands. <br /> <br /> This is the first noir of Siodmak. He would distinguish himself as one of, if not the, prominent practitioners of the style (The Killers, Criss Cross). Here he is by chance paired with director of photography Woody Bredell (they will meet on Christmas holiday and The Killers). There is a good narrative done on camera. In one shot, a character's deteriorating mental state is shown as he sits in front of a three-way mirror, suggesting multiple personalities. The same character, who is an artist, has the self-portrait of Van Gogh with the bandaged ear hanging on the wall of his apartment. But what Siodmak and Bredell are actually doing in Phantom Lady is practically creating the look for the noir. Launched very early in 1944, it's all here; the asphalt wet, the sacks of atmosphere and dread, the contrast sharply black and white, the overly expressionist versions of reality (when Kansas visits Scott in prison), discordant beams of light, etc. It's a fantastic picture to look at. Franchot Tone aside, the cast, as well as the subject and relative inexperience of the director (and presumably the budget), suggests ambitions from the movie 'B'. I thought Tom was a little hammy. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) does not do much, and actually comes out quite weak in some scenes. Ella Raines is mostly good (and very pretty). Her 'sex scene' with Elisha Cook Jr. is so delirious that it has to be seen to be believed. Another highlight is when Kansas goes after the bartender to interrogate him. This amounts to a chase scene as she relentlessly chases you through the streets with a stop at a subway station. Some very good tension there. <br /> <br /> *** of 4
