I rated this movie 7/10 which is an average of 8/10 for the script, direction and 1944 production values ​​and 6/10 for the acting. My acting rating, in turn, was calculated at 4/10 for all the characters on the screen except for what played by the heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman who was excellent at 8/10. I also recommend Thomas Gomez as Inspector Burgess whose character convinces that he personally does not think the guilty verdict on Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was just in view of his naive alibi. These two then form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on a DVD "Sweden Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, provided that despite looking for I do not I was able to find an entire English version. I was however eager to see another performance by Ella Raines after being impressed with her performance as an "Impact" heroine who plays a single female garage owner. Here Ella performs another heroic role believing in innocence of her chief engineer and refuses several suggestions that she should return to her home in Kansas (her boss's pet name for her) before settling the lost alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a little difficult. I believe that since he formally seemed to have had a formal business relationship with her. However, he had designed homes and playgrounds for children, so I suppose "family man" was lit up in Carol's brain. In the 1940s, "the movie code" in operation, producers could only portray sex through metaphors and here it is done in the form of furious percussion performed by Elisha Cooke jnr.Carol dolls-se as a girl of easy virtue, in an attempt to lure the drummer in giving her information on the alibi "The Phantom Lady." The other main character, Jack Marlow (an associate of Scott Henderson) is played by Franchot Tone whose performance I found very theatrical and I wondered why Carol, for example, did not notice it constantly. Strange Ely was admiring his hands. The script should have been improved and provided more suspense as these theatrical movements telegraphed the plot too early for the audience.
