The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel like he's making a definite fantasy: take on the role of Agent 007. "FRWL" approaches this goal in relation to any other game because this time you control the true James Bond. No offense to Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and lent his voice and resemblance to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there will never be anyone who comes close to his cool level. <br /> <br /> I must say that right now, like many others who have reviewed this game, Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old image on the screen, and it takes some time to get used to, but it's certainly worth it. He makes lines like "James Bond Bond" and "Shaken, Not Scrambled" into a big deal again. But controlling Sir Sean by assuming the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond said in "Octopussy," "only the tip of the tentacle." The grandiosity of the game begins with the barrel of the opening weapon. It's the original gun barrel of the cinema. So you take on the first mission, rescuing the blond daughter of the prime minister of terrorists in Parliament, and everything from the cars to the clothes is perfectly retro. The world of the game is truly the world of the original James Bond, to the classic rock-n-roll version of the James Bond theme that finally plays during a key moment at the end of the game, when Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the plot faithfully follows the plot of the movie "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to retrieve a Lektor device from a Russian crypto official who claims she has a crush on him. In Turkey, Bond joins the lovely helper Kerim Bey. Bond needs to retrieve the device, protect the damsel in distress, and return safely to London. Writer Bruce Feirstein worked on the script and did a good job of making the game the same but different from the movie. The characters in the movie are all recreated well, but some are better than others. The imitators who express the villains Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are strangers. And there's a moment in the beginning of the game where you interact with Miss Moneypenny, M and Q that look and behave like in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What puts that game in miles at opposite the other Bond games, in addition to the voice and likeness of Sir Sean, is two notable features in the game. One is Bond's focus. While you can dispatch villains by simply blocking them with one button and killing them with the other, an additional button will allow you to approach another target and choose between the points that Bond would shoot at, like a grenade stuck to a target. belt that will dispatch an enemy and some of your friends or a rappel cord that will cause a suspended enemy to fall on his death. The other notable feature is stealth and death. When you're close enough, press a button to defeat an enemy with the brutal brutality that only Sean Connery's James Bond has displayed. Sean Connery's Bond depended mostly on his wit and talent, so you only have a few gadgets but they are good. The Q helicopter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and explore areas that Bond can not reach, such as the Q spider in "EON", only better. The classic laser watch is useful, not just to enter sealed rooms, but to dispatch enemies when you do not have another weapon available. Sonic cufflinks and a whey pistol are the most fun to play with, but you should try them out for yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can wear Bond in a series of retro costumes found during the game including the movie's gray suit, the black tuxedo pattern, a retro sneak suit and that classic white tuxedo, all looked like they did when Sir Sean used it them in the movies. When you drive in the game, you drive the Aston Martin DB5 straight from "Goldfinger". It can not be invisible, but it has a gadget to burst tires like in the movie. And when you're not flying through the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air in the "Thunderball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there is the multi-player. Of course, it has to be compared to the standard of the game "GoldenEye", and it fails. In addition, you can only play Bond villains instead of Bond or the other heroes of the game. But multiplayer is fun, and a decent bonus, since the sheer size of the single player campaign makes the game worth it. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the film's most exciting moments, particularly the shooting in the Roma camp, Bond's fight with Red Grant on Orient Express, and a confrontation between James Bond's shoe and Rosa Klebb, do not do justice in game form. And the game is a fast game, even on the hardest difficulty. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
