I'm not a follower of a certain genre of film. I classify movies only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film of director Jamie Blanks, after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and plot are very weak. Once again, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the film are so bold and iconic, and that's what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so realistic. From his high school years, he grew up with his wounds that he piled on his soul against his classmates, who mocked him. When you focus enough on this first element while watching the film, you will see this view of Humanism: "No one is entirely good or bad. In fact, someone known as evil can be secretly kind." Just because the plot and the direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the magnificent union of the super starlets of the late 1990s: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is dead to the death. An arrow shot from an arch touches her belly and gets stuck while she was playing hide and seek with her blind date, never being able to find her. Katherine Heigl is the first star to be killed in a biology lab while trying to hide under models of the human body at the tables of surgical operation. Denise Richards is killed in third place while she has just found a Valentine's Day gift for her in a hot tub. Jessica Capshaw is killed last in a confidential and invisible way, so she is slandered to be like the serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unlucky one, with a lucky vicissitude, that she will be killed in the most confidential way we will ever know, because the movie is coming to an end before being killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest since she was not a classmate of serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and last iconic element is the soundtrack of the maze scene against the blind, Valentine's Day. Celebration of the day in the scenes of Dorothy's house and finally the themes of killing. Everyone loved the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock never fits better into a mystery movie and serial killer.
