I will not try to speculate about what Brando was trying. At best, he turns to such eccentric performances, hinting at so many things at the same time, that he does not seem to do anything more than an infallible instinct. It often seems that he is drawing attention to some favorite aspect of his character over all others, a concentration that if followed results in something like a red herring, as he is more subtle, more cunning than the principle. This is a domain of artifice, not of naturalism, as it may be associated with the Method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz so wonderfully accomplished, seems tailor made for him, which is to start strange and strange still in the end, because whatever Brando did, he got a grace perhaps all his, but one nevertheless - yet again strange, coming from an actor with limited musical ability, never before or after associated with musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely released, is not so impressive, but certainly above just adequate, really delicious in the Havana sequence, and never less than pleasant throughout. <br /> <br /> And yet ... perhaps because the actors are so focused on what they are doing, and characters in what they intend each other, it does not seem that lovers "chemistry" has brought so insistently more than one turn. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah respectively feed each other well enough, but I see no further. In such a dazzling and entertaining film (and, above all else, artistically, that's just it - dazzling), that lack would seem something tactfully and easily forgotten, but a lot would depend on true chemistry! An at least partial transformation of the characters through such chemistry would lend something positively to the final scene. As it is, this film is certainly delighted but not really moved except in a way to deny the truthfulness of the union. Note that Sister Sarah marries the missionary's uniform, Sky Masterson, in the same man-of-the-city craze instead of a wedding tux. And they have changed back to those from their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Curiously (that is, insightful), the most touching and serious scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, like The Sinatra / Nathan Detroit Doll, Adelaide, the only scene in which these two are together mainly because there is no hint of flirtation between them even though it happens in the locker room of Adelaide while Adelaide is about to change. Although someone can submit there is no place for this, Sky really is the kind of "check out" Adelaide in that kind of circumstance. He's right there to say that Adelaide Nathan will not find her to run away. Adelaide and Sky are both true in their respective ways to Nathan, even with pity for him, as is demonstrated through a tone in his exchange. Adelaide, of course, is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feeling for Nathan, as Sky is admonishing her that she can not love a man and then wish him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls is again in the battle of the sexes, around the themes of play and salvation. Since both the compulsive gambler and the seeker of salvation are more or less unconsciously courting despair, there may be only one obscure secret deliberately behind Brando and Simmons' lack of chemistry. After all, this lack may signal an excess of narcissistic concern (echoed by the Sinatra / Blaine pairing, albeit with much less self-deception involved), which might explain the strange, provocative interpretations of Brando and Simmons by Sky Masterson and Sister. Sarah I realize that Simmons may be representing mostly coldness and skepticism, but Brando, despite playing to confront her, is not exactly warm and eager, and it's more than keeping distance - he's also assimilating, keeping his balance through it. His daring consists in simply playing against her-the trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes-but he is not determined to win by seducing her as much as beating her in her own territory. This can be insightful, for playing with zeal may be the only way to reach the missionary, and through him. But that makes Sky's transition just try to win a bet to really want Sarah Brown a little less than persuasive. But why does he want her? What does falling in love mean to heaven? I think the only way around this is to actually accept that his humanity came into action, and that he does not want to end up being a mere scrotum to Sister Sarah, so he, as promised to her, needs to turn the sinners over to his meeting of prayer, made by his "marker," as he says, as a way of regaining it when it seems he had only won to lose it. But this still denotes self-concern more than anything. However, it also allows Sarah Brown's self-concern, as Sky will placate the missionary in her to retrieve her lover. Nor, at least it seems, will change much by their union, except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. However, this would seem an almost fatally uncomfortable proposition: acceptance of it is still a cry away from achieving happiness in the other, much less the transcendence that each of them seems to imply in "chemistry." And behind all this, I suspect it is Mankiewicz's total knowledge. <br /> <br /> For all those who can say, in defense of Guys and Dolls still, that one can not expect much from musicals in depth, I just need to remind them of Cabaret, The Three Penny Opera, Carousel , A Star Is Born, Even The Sound Of Music, which I do not care so much about (and I can keep adding to this list without even moving toward post-Cabaret musicals), they all involve wonderful music and they dance around terrible anxieties.
