It would be easy to call Boys and Dolls in an excellent way. There is Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original wishes, the casting work), it has a really cool feel from the 50's, even if it's basically transposed from one stage to another with only a short interruption. And most of the music is often very entertaining, captivating and performed with that wink and beckoning to the wonderful escapism inherent in one's own form. If it is not as big as some others, it should not be the fault of filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all of the songs clicked entirely, and some of the dialogue seems to be being played for the stage instead of the movie (it's hard to say sometimes - Brando and Sinatra get on the line so many times that you need to watch carefully to know when one plays the camera or the "stage", while the actress who plays Adele is better for the stage than for the screen. The plot is one of those winners that works well for its period, even though (14-year-old boyfriend), played by Sinatra, wants to host a big game, but it is said that the "heat" is on, "which means the cops are watching, so he has only one choice to host the game, with a tab of a thousand dollars.The only way to achieve this is through a big bet with fellow player Brando , who is hired to do a cutting job It allows the foreseeable twists in history, the sudden turn-on-turn-off of character charms, the idiosyncrasies of street people (gangsters and dancers, and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons falling to Brando ). It is, in its basic concept, especially this world of men and dolls, and how to balance one or the other - obviously not getting married or very committed. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the piece, even when it keeps quiet with the camera on the subject, and its stars are properly drawn. Hell, even Brando works excellently for a musical while he goes beyond simply being the actor's method and shows his singing skills and star quality. . The story and the characters end up coming to what you expect to happen, and that's fine. Everything we ask for - and what we have - is entertaining in good outbursts of wit, involving dialogue, and some songs and dances that bring the house down (my favorites were the number with the girls in the club, Lucky to be a Lady and the two numbers in Havana, Cuba). AN-
