A group of San Francisco-caliber women who have been friends since elementary school are being suddenly threatened and attacked by someone sending them bizarre Valentine's Day cards. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? <br /> <br /> My rating often changes in the subsequent views of a movie - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. However, I do not remember another movie where my rating has changed as dramatically as Valentine's. The first time I watched it, in its theatrical release, I thought it was pretty awful - I gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of a "F" grade. Watching for the second time last night, I can not remember what the hell I did not like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was really in the wrong mood to watch, or maybe I just did not get it. Anyway, I loved it this time, giving 9 out of 10, or an "A". <br /> <br /> It may seem ridiculous to say that I did not have a movie like this, but there is something to achieve. Valentine is almost comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for the urban legend of 1998, takes the stereotypical formula of teenage terror that became so popular in the late 1990s, in the wake of Scream (1996), causing Valentine to intentionally quarrel / point of absurdity (where absurdity is a positive stylistic term). In addition, it gives us a movie imbued with humorous comments on romantic relationships. Humor is unusual because it has the same exaggeratedly exaggerated tone as the aspects of teenage terror. Most situations in the film, and the villain's modus operandi, humorous or otherwise, are tied to the theme of Valentine's Day. Many viewers will probably subtract points from the film for their various cliches. Scenarios and plots rooted, but implausible. However, in light of the above, the film is intentionally clichéd, implausible and ridiculous. It's as if Blanks was trying (and mostly succeeding) to transcend the typical teenage slasher by mocking / falsifying the conventions of the genre while satirising eros. This is the lure for the irony of basing a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is an incongruity that is cleverly woven throughout the film, and which is itself the heart of the slasher genre, becoming the primary basis for the extravagant satire of boyfriends. Scream had a similar goal with his scary stuff, but the difference was that the movie was "self-conscious." Valentine's Day is not intentionally self-conscious; the viewer has to rely on contextual clues to satire. For some to think that I'm "reading too much" in the film, it's worth noting that Blanks said in interviews that he "did not want to make another movie after the urban legend" and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something "more adult." Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day differs so much from its source material, Tom Savage's novel of the same name. The characters in the novel, setting and plot are very different from the movie. Sellers said, "Although it was a great book, I did not think it was the right story for a movie." So instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, was used as a launch pad, a reason to create variations for a horror / suspense story centered on Valentine's Day. Although these facts do not help purists familiar with the book as the film, it is helpful to understand why the film has a plot and attitude divergent. It is probably best to look at the film as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Blanks's direction is impeccable visually. Valentine's Day has a lush look everywhere, with deep and complex colors, interesting scenarios and good staging. Blanks is admirable for keeping his villain and attacking scenes not too dark, with clearly transmitted action. He also directs his actors with aplomb, catalyzing malicious funny performances. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> Although Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it's a very good horror / suspense film that seems strongly prone to misconceptions. If you watch hoping for something more ironic, you may find it much more rewarding.
