This is Frank Loesser's masterpiece of fun lyrics, competent themes and solid construction by those who have adapted Damon Runyon's material to the musical's "book". What is surprising about the movie is the ease with which musical numbers flow from the plot. Abe Burrows made the book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer, and the excellent art direction was contributed by Joseph Wright. The plot can be counted in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to fund his permanent fun game to amuse Big Julie, a Chicago Mob Boss. He bets on the Sky Masterson odds player, well presented by Marlon Brando, who can not take a Salvation Army girl to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, saves the Mission, falls in love with the girl, picks up the players and the mob in the crap game to watch a service, and tells everyone that the girl was immune to his charms - a complete lie. Of course he does away with the lady; and Detroit marries his fiancee fiance Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, BS Pulley as Big Julie, Mafioso, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Salvation Army leader Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the tepid girl from the Salvation Army, Sarah Brown. Famous musical numbers in this award winning Broadway hit include "Fugue For Tinhorns," "Faces and Dolls," "Luck Be a Lady," "I Know," "A Person Could Develop a Cold," and "The Oldest Established Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "Letter to the Three Women" Fame led the process; and the flow of work is very interesting and successfully kept moving. He is equally adept at getting good dialogues by directing and directing such big numbers as Luck Be Lady, the varied and challenging section of fights, the Havana section "A Woman in Love" created for the film that precedes it, the presentation of the title The song "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" happens in the club where Blaine works. The acting is very uneven. Simmons seems wrong for the part, sometimes Brando gets the singing and is very good most of the time by instinct, charm and underplaying, even in comedy. scenes. Sinatra struggles, but is wrong on paper for various reasons, such as Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a little theatrical in selling his numbers, which she naturally sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what they are asked for and more at all points. The stylized aperture and the lock are made to work well; All in all, this film is a triumph for Loesser's subtle and endearing lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as master of ceremonies and for the musical genre itself, so cleverly justified in this case. Delicious and very different.
