This musical was not quite what I expected, especially since there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. As it was based on a Damon Runyon story, I expected irony and surprise, of which there was a really good one - when we discovered that the Sinatra gang used the Salvation Army's office for their shit game while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If of course it comes at the right time as well, when Brando brings it back. I really did not expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great, but he was fine on paper. His large numbers in the sewer, however, with the rest of the Sinatra boys was the only place I felt that Brando's voice was weak. He simply did not have the power that the great climax demanded. Overall I found the scenes between Brando and Simmons to be filled with electricity, something I did not think would happen when we saw Simmons alone, and then when we were introduced to Brando at the restaurant with Sinatra trying to pull a fast one on him. It was not until Brando went to his office that history came to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, whom I've never heard of but who I think played the role on Broadway, seemed to slow the process. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, their songs felt weaker in terms of story or character. Plus, all the Goldwyn Girls numbers looked like shoe horns, just for brightness. For example, when Frank meets Brando at the nightclub, we just cut the stage routine for the cat's number - then he cuts to the guys that go on as if there were no dance numbers. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I was having a lot of fun, but every time we went back to Sinatra-Blaine's story, my level of interest declined. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good ones, particularly the first number with Stubby Kaye, the number of the Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). This is great music and it reminded me of The Music Man's first song - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it is. And the number in the sewer - I could not help but remember "Cool" from West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I really did not like the art direction in this movie. The fake Times Square was so fake that it drew attention to itself. The same for the Havana sequence, and particularly the sewer. I realized in 1955 that most of the musicals were recorded in sets, but things were changing - the Carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. Even On the Town recorded scenes in Manhattan in 1949. When we got to West Side Story in 1961, it's something that happens in Manhattan had to be filmed in Manhattan. So, by comparison, Guys and Dolls in Manhattan felt dated and more than a little too cute. And changing Lindy to Mindy - did they really have to do it for legal reasons? Now, I've always found that Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with several girls. It was much more focused than that, which is to your credit. In that respect, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but had some superficiality. <br /> <br /> My biggest complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic to the original show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took money for a bet he made with Sinatra and even said that he lost the bet, she just runs to find him and we cut to the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would have added to the impact of the story. Watching Brando show up when she showed up for him would be a great scene. There's a scene like this in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion do this duet while he waits for her to change. She's upstairs in his house, he's on the sidewalk. He's singing 76 Trombones. She's singing Goodnight My Someone. Suddenly, they exchange and sing each other's songs - a beautiful way to convey your cross to one another. It's a high emotional moment of the movie. Still, Guys and Dolls had a lot going for it.
