I am intrigued by the strong sense of favor for (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in the other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for * not * being climbed like Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> OK, so who would not want to be cast as Sky Masterson? ??? is a big part: the charismatic successful gambler who makes a serious mistake when he lets himself be fooled into a bet, in which he must either get Sargeant from the Salvation Army, Sarah Brown, on a date to Cuba, or lose. Is not it money? It's pride, but he and she know their game. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit must reconcile his long-suffering Adelaide bride with trying to find a place for a dice game that will make him wealthy if he does not alienate his fiancee forever in the first place. The film began life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: this is your only dialogue you hear, and those are the big names of his characters, and this is your world of horse racing / nightclub / dawn. Then it became a musical, and you can not help but feel that in film form has never left the stage. The camera is strangely static and sets remarkably ?? and not pleasantly ?? flat and childish. Luckily the music is so good, I do not care much. <br /> <br /> My favorite thing in this movie, though, is singing and acting from the two non-singers, Brando (like Sky). and Jean Simmons (as Sgt. Sarah Brown). Of course, putting professional singers in these roles would produce better music; but what is surely forgotten is that two of these excellent actors brought something else to the party: what they lacked in vocal talent that they more than compensated with enthusiasm, ability to act and pathos, ducks, ducks. You're with Sky while he argues with Sarah against reason, steadiness, pipes and security. You like to get loose under the influence of Cuban "milk." You completely feel the suddenness and passion of your patio scene with the bells ringing and an hour to go before the plane takes you home. As Sky says, it's "chemistry." Singers Pro? be they Broadway belts or soft crooners? can not necessarily be invoked to make this happen. (And they certainly did not.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting himself in his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, for his part, was furious with Brando's four-shot action method. As a fan of Brando (it shows!) I'm bound to be on the other side, but I can not imagine that this movie would have been the much-loved classic that is today if Brando and Simmons were not in with their wonderful chemistry; The unpredictability of Brando; Simmons' face, all rosy cheeks and brown hair, drunk and embarrassed in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I always want a copy of that movie out there, in case I need to feel good again. You'll forgive me if you give some of Nathan's share (sleep) talking at 100% brush-off though, right? You are not going? Oh, shut up and have some more of Mindy's cheesecake!
