The world of Damon Runyon in Times Square, New York, before his Disneyfication, is the basis for this musical. Joseph L. Mankiewicz, a man who knew movies, directed this nostalgic tribute to the "crossroads of the world" that shows us the lower part of New York of the past. Frank Loesser's music is great. We watch a magnificent cast of characters typical of the region. People on the edges of society tended to gravitate toward this area because of the lights, the action, the possibilities in that part of the city. This part of town lived from the street life that was so intense. <br /> <br /> Some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film. We do not know if that makes sense, but it's not uncommon for a Hollywood musical to change and change what worked on stage. This original cast included the wonderful Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kaye, and we wondered about the decision not to let Robert Alda, Sam Levene and Isabel Bigley repeat their original roles. These were illustrious actors who could have made an incredible contribution. <br /> <br /> The film, visually, is incredible. The look closely follows the fashions of the times. As much as the cast of Marlon Brando, otherwise not known for his singing skills, Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons, seem to work on the film. Sky Masterson is, after all, the man of a man, who would look different if he presented a different "look". Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons, like Sarah Brown, does a good job portraying the Salvation Army woman who suddenly finds satisfaction with the same type of man she's trying to save. Vivian Blaine is a delight. She never ceases to amaze like Miss Adelaide, a woman with a heart of gold that is the love interest of Nathan Detroit. Ms. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as the girl in the series who is smarter than she claims to be. Stubby Kaye does a wonderful job while replaying his Nicely Nicely Johnson. <br /> <br /> Wonderful production owes much to the talented Abe Burrows, who made the adaptation to the screen. Irene Sharaff's outfits set the tone.
