I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think that it somehow lost its magic touch. Many other interpretations, Cinderella's Ever After, have lost touch over the years. So I found this production with impeccable performance by Kathleen Turner as the wicked stepmother and was struck by the ghostly essence of this fantasy story that has put me under her spell since childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know Cinderella's story, a young woman who died and was dominated by her evil stepmother and stepdaughters and yearns to go to the ball for a last chance for freedom. But this plot has a different twist on the classic fairy tale, causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and is only called Cinderella by her family because of her enslavement) to be arrested in a situation of his father (who still lives) slowly losing himself to a dominating wife who manipulates him to play favorites with his wife and daughters against his and tries to poison him. Thus, Zizola leaves to save his father, preventing his stepmother from finding another suitor at the ball, distracting the men coming towards her. There, the bored Prince Valiant changes his idea of ​​his monotonous life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in a strange dress (forged by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for the slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me most in this film was the original version of the old fairy tale that no one can compare. He does not create a web of lies like most Cinderella stories, he does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would like to attend the party and does not even show a shallow side of the Prince as the Disney version did. Instead, it shows more of Cinderella's unselfish heart than any other production and the work of art is simply stunning! The costumes are all beautifully made, especially the blue sapphire prom dress from Zizola to match the fantastic beauty of Marcella Plunkett and her soft and witty voice. <br /> <br /> I would highly suggest this movie to anyone who is interested in a dream classic fairytale sequence with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director have not made a complete collection of other fairy tales with that same element and the fact that the film is out of print.
