It's hard to say sometimes why exactly a movie is so effective. From the moment I came across "The Stone Boy", something told me it would be a great movie. Despite this, it seemed very unlikely that I had the opportunity to actually see for myself. Then one day, while browsing the online catalog of my local library, I saw that they had recently purchased the DVD release of this film. That I am extremely happy because the cinematography is of an impressive depth and quality that an old VHS copy could never reproduce. <br /> <br /> And speaking of cinematography, I must highlight this so far and above the most impressive aspect of this film. As a photographer who pursues almost exactly the visual style portrayed in "The Stone Boy," I firmly believe in the fact that a great director of photography can, almost alone, carry a movie. Here he has a lot of help from an extremely talented cast and a director who understands perfectly what the story needs. But having Juan Ruiz Anchía behind the scenes means that almost every scene is beautiful. And you can hardly ever say that. Most movies would never expect such a thing. Scene after scene captures a few details, a bit of breathtaking visual magic. <br /> <br /> The director, Christopher Cain, has had a long and interesting career. As far as I know, this movie is not very representative of that. But sometimes to pick up a director near the beginning of his career, before all the big budgets and loss of focus, there is a real and subtle magic to be found. Cain goes back in this film, lets things happen with life itself, and then more and more. Like the early John Sayles films, the characters gain breathing space, time to talk. Parallel stories happen because they happen and that's how life is. Cain shows a remarkable, crude, and even painful understanding of human nature in this film. The performance unites a great part of this history. When people talk, when they exist in this movie, they do it as real people, not retained by the fact that they are interpreting characters. Gina Berriault's screenplay allows immensely talented and respected actors such as Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close and Frederic Forrest to simply spend their time. If the things they have to say are minor or of deep meaning, it all comes down to the weight of pure reality. <br /> <br /> When you look at the actors involved, or the great soundtrack of James Horner, It seems strange that such a film is almost forgotten. Maybe a lot of what makes "The Stone Boy" what it is was the period of time it was made. There is this hangover sensation from the 1970s in this photo that reminds me deeply of my own childhood. People talk about the 80's in terms of modern styles and music, but it's not the 80's that I lived or remembered. The appearance of the images, the discreet and obscure quality of the performance and the overall result should be under the skin of anyone who has grown up at that time in North America. I see myself in it. I see how I saw the world. And a movie like "The Stone Boy" sees the world as it really is. <br /> <br /> For more of this feeling, please see: The Black Stallion (1979), Never Cry Wolf (1983), Tender Mercies (1983), Testament (1983) The Secret Garden (1993) The Secret of Roan Inish (1994), Wendy and Lucy (2008)
