Honestly, I find this film almost too depressing for my own good. It's very depressing to the end. There is no way I can justify passing judgment to any character who did things I did not like (well, except for the disgusting character played by Fredrick Forrest). But it is still so frustrating to see people behaving this way by putting walls around them when only a word or something can break the ice and promote healing. <br /> <br /> A horrible tragedy hits a Montana family. They believe they have lost a child, but it turns out that they have lost 2. The key is that if they just communicate and face their pain together, they will not end up losing their second child permanently. <br /> But they simply can not. Something is preventing this family from sharing their sorrows. Some family members take refuge in silence and resentment, while others point guilty (and then they beat up their poor pregnant wife seducing the deceased's beautiful girlfriend ... that Andy character is really a snake!) The only member of the family who does not is threatening Arnold is somehow his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to the kid without judgments or even child gloves. He seems to know what the child is thinking, although Arnold is not talking much these days. It really is a blessing for the poor kid to have someone he can turn to. No one else seems to understand the fact that Arnold may be in shock, in denial, or that his mode of mourning may not be the same style, or at the same speed, as they would expect. It is so easy to judge and get angry and feel that someone is "made of stone" just because they do not suffer in a way that we believe they should. <br /> <br /> The story is very quiet and naturalistic. You will not get a narration fueled by a spoon or some Hollywood resolution to feel good. I was very worried that this child was so overwhelmed with guilt that he thought it necessary to hitchhike for hundreds of miles to apologize to Andy's little pig's wife for something he should not blame himself for. Arnold may have accidentally killed his brother, but no one is responsible for ending the marriage, which apparently was bad except for the two people at the wedding. It's just bullshit that Arnold did not get in the car with a pedophile or a killer. <br /> <br /> Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustratingly effective as parents who somehow can not communicate with their child. , to find out what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen anywhere except a childhood favorite called EXPLORERS and a scary ghost story called THE LADY IN WHITE, did an incredible job as Arnold, a great performance by a child actor. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a bit slow at times, THE STONE BOY is an excellent and very depressing film.
