The Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama of the 80's. Considering how many famous or soon to be famous people are in the movie, we wonder how it could have been so neglected. This is a slow, sombre but moving report of a tragedy that falls upon a family of farmers. The film is more or less an accusation of Stoic values ​​of the Midwest and the suppression of emotion. The movie will not suit everyone, but anyone who can appreciate the real human drama should like it. <br /> <br /> In the first moments of the movie, we see two brothers retreating in the early hours of the morning to pick some peas and maybe shoot a duck or two if you're lucky. When climbing through a barbed wire fence, the weapon unloads accidentally and the young boy fatally shoots at his older brother. These kids apparently never did a safety course for hunters. The way for two men to pass correctly through a fence like this with a weapon would be this: The first man goes up. The second man passes the gun through the fence. The first man then sets the weapon down and helps the other through the fence. At no time should the man put his hands on the weapon and the fence. <br /> <br /> Anyway, when his brother is killed, Arnold, 12 years old, regresses in his own world. He does not even run after help after his brother is shot. He simply goes ahead and picks up the peas and tells his family about the accident later. At no point during the funeral or inquiry, Arnold seems to show some regret or sadness. Your family seems to avoid it. Maybe they're mad at him for killing his brother. A grumpy uncle played by Frederick Forrest is openly upset with Arnold, even if his older brother's death allows him to hit the boy's girlfriend. Arnold's parents do not seem to understand how to deal with their son. They do not even try to talk to him. About the only person he can communicate with is his grandfather, who is represented by Wilford Brimley. After a while, Arnold even moves in with the old timer. <br /> <br /> Nothing seems to get Arnold to open up until he makes a bizarre trip to Reno Nevada to inexplicably seek out his uncle's ex-wife. Once he finds her, he begins to come out of his shell after apologizing to her for breaking the marriage, sparking all the family turmoil with the accident. From here on, the film becomes a quick study on reconciliation and awakening. <br /> <br /> The acting is frighteningly distant in most cases. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are the parents of the perfect Stoic farm. Forrest is good, but maybe it's too hard to channel Paul Newman's performance on Hud. Cinematography is exceptional too. If you like grumpy photos about ordinary people, this might be for you. Some may even be advised to bring some fabrics. 8 out of 10 stars. The Dog.
