The first step to getting off this path that leads nowhere is to recognize that you are in it in the first place; So it becomes a matter of being assertive and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have put you on that road to begin with. Which is exactly what a young Latina girl does in Girlfight, written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year high school student of projects in Brooklyn, facing expulsion after her fourth fight in the aisles since the beginning of the semester. It affects an "anything" attitude that masks a deep anger that threatens to take her to places she prefers not to go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very hesitant relationship, and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With her life on the verge of dissolution, she desperately needs a way out to channel the demons that torment her. And one day she finds her, without even looking, when she passes the gym where Tiny trains. Ironically, Tiny does not want anything boxing; he wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son is able to take care of himself in the streets and pay the ten dollars a week it costs for his classes. When Diana convinces Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to accept her, and approaches her father for money, under the pretext of calling him a weekly allowance (she does not want him to know what she wants the money) Sandro lowers her and tells her to go out and earn her own money. Ultimately, with Tiny's help, she finds a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It is an environment for which she adapts readily, and it seems that her life is about to change for the better. And the fact that she will have to fight against men, not women, in "gender-blind" competitions, does not bother her at all. Diana found her element. <br /> <br /> The first time the writer / director Karyn Kusama did an excellent job of creating a realistic setting for her story, presenting an honest picture of life on the projects and conveying this desperation so familiar to so many young people who they find themselves in situations with no way out and on that road that leads nowhere. And there is no candy coating, either; as Hector tells Diana when she asks him how he got where he was, "I was a fighter once. I lost.' So, looking around the busy gym, `like most of these guys, they too will lose. But that's all they know ... 'And it's that honesty of attitude, just like the way the characters are portrayed, that makes this movie as good as it is. It's a gloomy world, highlighted by the dimly lit academy - you can smell the sweat of boxers - and that feeling of desolation that hangs over everything like a cloak, covering those people who are clinging and hanging. for the only thing they have, all they know. <br /> <br /> Making her debut on screen, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly chosen as Diana, infusing her with a depth and intensity that radiates much of it. in waves. She is so real that it makes you wonder how much of that Rodriguez really is; exactly where the actor ends and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful and memorable performance by an actor from whom we will wait for another effort with great anticipation. It certainly makes Diana a positive model, in which many will hopefully find inspiration and the realization that there are alternative paths available in life, at least to those who would seek them out. <br /> <br /> As positive as this movie is, however, it ends in something of an ambiguous note; although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is going. Is this a short-term fix for her, or is she destined to become Hector's female counterpart? After all, realistically (and in light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that lends itself, nor does it open its arms to women. And according to the subject of the film and the filmmaker's approach, an affirmation of the results of Diana's assertiveness would have been appropriate. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa. Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). While it does provide a very real picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of 'Girlfight' which add to the credibility of what happens in the ring. Moreover, it is a positive film that, for the most part, is a satisfying experience. I rate this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
