It was once that Hollywood produced live action movies, uncensored, immorality, and bloody violence. These films neither insulted their intelligence, nor manipulated their emotions. Heroes differed little from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and carried the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the film industry has virtually canceled adult films. Basically, modern mature audiences require large doses of embellished realism for their cinematic diet, tied tightly with vile swearing, sex pounding on the mattress, and bruised punches. These ingredients constitute the difference between the films classified with G and those classified as PG or PG-13. <br /> <br /> Miraculously, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote screenplays for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), arrives at home with this baseball epic that not only celebrates America's favorite summer sport, but also exalts the sport's competitiveness. spirit of the game. Essentially, "The Rookie" resembles Robert Redford's 1984 saga "The Natural" about an old-time slugger making a comeback. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" avoids profanity, sex and violence. <br /> <br /> In addition, Dennis Quaid is a real-life character. Jim Morris's autobiography, "The Oldest Newbie: Little League Guy's Little Dream of a Small Town," served as the basis for Mike's "Looking Forrester") Norman's unpretentious Rich-style script about middle-class white aspirations. Morris achieved his dream when he debuted on the hill as a relief pitcher in 1999. Although not in the same league with James Stewart's classic inspirer "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" qualifies as the type of films that Hollywood rarely does more because the public thinks they are old-fashioned. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich encapsulate their fun eccentric biography into a halo of mysticism. A wildcat oil prospector convinced two Catholic nuns in the 1920s to fund a well in western Texas. Fearing that they spent a lot of money on an ill-advised fantasy, the sisters cover the barren terrain with rose petals and ask for the intervention of Santa Rita's patron saint of hopeless causes. Good well! The town of Big Lake emerges, and roughnecks stir baseball when they are not making holes in the ground. The spirit of baseball drips from the earth like oil. Meanwhile, years later, the US Navy does not keep Jim Morris, Sr. (Brian Cos of "Manhunter") and his family in one place long before they pluck them. The constant change has a toll on Jim Junior. <br /> <br /> However, Jim has baseball in his blood, enough so that when he accepts a chemistry teacher job in his hometown in Texas, he organizes a baseball team. Like "Bad News Bears" with dirty mouth, "The Rookie" tells of Jim's triumph in turning losers into winners. Morris promises the team to reach the playoffs of the division, he will try a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris's students keep the business going. At 35, Jim catches the big scouts when he shoots fastballs at 98 miles an hour! "The Rookie" is never missing.
