Imagine the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. Twin moons illuminate the blood red sky. Tardis lands and leaves with the doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian frock coat, and Rose, his Earthmate. A flash of recognition crosses his face. "Well, I never! It's the Saurious-7 planet, where I fought the warring Kraggartians, they tried to use giant Skinkons to rule the planet." The girl sniffs the air. "We can not go, Doctor, I do not like the look of this place, I still think we're being watched." The doctor shakes a disapproving finger. "Do not be silly, girl, I wonder if the King and Queen of the Cordaraby Town remember me from my last visit Come on, Rose, come along!" He walks away, the girl struggles to keep up. At the top of a hill, sinister red eyes see them with hatred ... <br /> <br /> That's not how 'Rose' started in 2005, and thank God that's what I said. Unjustly ridiculed at the time of his death. 'Rose' can now safely be regarded as a landmark episode, putting 'Dr.Who' back where it belonged, as one of the top BBC programs. The mistakes made by the film McGann T.V. were well learned. Instead of trying to fit the new 'Who' into the existing chronology, it represented a fresh start for the series, beginning with girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) taking care of her daily routine. One day she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the problem begins. The mannequins come alive and attack. It is only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) that she is saved. <br /> <br /> The story, however slight, is more than adequate as a starting point for the series. The Autons are, of course, an old villain (this was the first appearance since 1971), but no reference is made to his past appearances - another wise move. The ending effectively re-created the famous scene in 'Spearhead From Space' when showgirl dolls came to life. Like the Doctor, Christopher Eccleston did not have the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket to the Doctor's traditional clothes, but that made him more accessible to the new expected audience of the program. Billie Piper confused her critics by making a big impression as 'Rose'. Also good was Noel Clarke as his boyfriend 'Mickey'. <br /> <br /> Yes, there was an additional emphasis on special effects, but then it had to exist - unstable sets and unconvincing monsters of the past have no place. on television in the 21st century. What is more important is how good this script is. Ten million people tuned in to see the new Doctor. <br /> <br /> 'Dr. Who 'was back - and back with a bang!
