They did it. And kid, did they do it fantastically or what? The BBC finally brought the Doctor back to our screens on a Saturday night where he belongs! And they did it with style! EPISODE ONE: "Rose" - One of the strengths of the new series is Russell T Davies as a writer and executive producer. He is a fan of the show and knows what other fans want, but he is also an experienced writer, so he knows what other people want. Another force, as shown perfectly in this first episode, is Billie Piper and her character from Rose Tyler. Finally, the Doctor's companion gets a believable story and a strong character. Also good to see the return of the Autons - a good nod to the Classic Series there. EPISODE TWO: "The End of the World" - At the beginning of this double project to show the TARDIS 'strengths, we end up in a story where special effects is everything! They now have the technology to create real and believable environments and monsters - no more rubber suits! Also the tips at the end of this episode about the Doctor's new past - very intriguing to kill all the Time Lords and make it the one. EPISODE THREE: "The Unquiet Dead" - We've had the future, now let's have the past. The first non-Davies written episode is a bit annoying in some places, but this is offset by Simon Callow's Charles Dickens and the sudden twist in the plot when it is revealed that the pitiful Gelf is not so pitiful after all ... </ p> EPISODE FOUR: "Aliens Of London" - The consequences of the Doctor's actions are fully explored in this series, not least, with the repercussions of Rose running away with him. Also, we have our first cliffhanger; Not the best of the known. Slitheen are an interesting villain, although they may seem like a lot of CGI for their own good. EPISODE FIVE: "Third World War" - The second part of this story about Slitheen suffers mainly from the same first-rate problems. Also, the clips from the next episode at the end of the current episode are annoying and spoil people. EPISODE SIX: "Dalek" - Yes! We have had the future, the past and the present (ish), but now we come to the good things - the return of the Doctor's arch-enemy. Here I think we can complement Christopher Ecclestone - he was brilliant as the Doctor, and no longer so in this episode where we see the pain in his face when he recalls the War of Time and his alien nature as he almost turns into a Dalek himself. <br /> <br /> SEVEN EPISODE: "The Long Game" - really just a story to act as a prologue to the end of the series. Saved by Simon Pegg as the smarmy editor and Tamsin Grieg in an entertaining cameo. The media is controlling us - this has never been done before, there's this ... EPISODE EIGHT: "Father's Day" - this is a great episode. Full of human emotion and heartache for Rose, and the true consequences of what happens when you really spoil the story. Full marks for Billie Piper here. EPISODE NINE: "The Empty Child" - I do not find this child too scary. Sorry, but I do not know. It's a good episode, but the cliffhanger could still have been better - it's those "Next Time" that spoil them. John Barrowman is featured here as Captain Jack, the gaudy con man - he's a good actor who has been around for some time, but apparently only now. EPISODE DEZ: "The Doctor Dances" - Part two of this World War II History - very well done in terms of historical context. A good optimistic ending, though a bit confusing, perhaps to younger viewers, when the "Mummy" is revealed? EPISODE ELEVEN: "Boom Town" - probably the weakest in the series, but that does not mean it's bad. A good return for Slitheen and also an interesting character study by Doctor and Rose. EPISODE TWELVE: "Bad Wolf" - this starts out completely silly, with a good-hearted humor and cheeky fun on popular TV shows about her at Blighty. Things become deadly fast quickly, and the revelation at the end is the best cliffhanger in the series! EPISODE THRITEEN: Parting Of The Ways - Goodbye Christopher Ecclestone. A fantastic doctor in many ways, David Tennant is having to actually work his socks to be as good as him. The regeneration scene at the end is beautifully reproduced. Oh, and the Daleks are back - to the extreme! God bless CGI because they would never be able to do this normally! <br /> <br /> General - brilliant! 9/10
