As an essential part of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who was a blockbuster for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the world's oldest TV shows. have ten seasons). Plans to restart the series were always on the agenda of the BBC, and after a poorly calculated TV movie produced by Fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, another nine years (spoil Comic Relief and animated mini-series, nevertheless it was necessary before the Lord of Final Time could return correctly, courtesy of the acclaimed writer Russell T. Davies. Davies's brilliance in reintroducing the character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of a stranger (Christopher Eccleston), a young woman from London who lives a very normal life until one night she is attacked by creatures made of living plastic. She is rescued by an indescribable stranger who simply presents herself as the Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after playing: "Nice to meet you, Rose, run for your life!" As she becomes more and more curious about this "man," she soon finds herself in a whole new world: there enigmas, invasions, time travel and space, and of course the ubiquitous TARDIS in the shape of a police box. <br /> <The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who are almost perfect (the special effects could have used a little more polish) because Davies sings two things: the show's unique mood and the two protagonists. The most captivating feature of the original series was its blend of spectacular science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here the laughter is all connected to the conversations between Rose and Doctor, who appear as fully rounded characters after only one episode. Okay, technically, the Eccleston Doctor is the ninth to use that name, but he distances himself from the eight previous incarnations by speaking with a Northern accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with a fantastic phrase: "Lots of planets have a north! "<br /> <br /> The true triumph of this episode, however, is Piper's performance: in theory, Rose is at the end of adolescence, so almost the same age as thousands of young spectators than ever had heard of the Doctor before. Her portrait of an ordinary girl lost in a new and exciting universe represents the reaction of the new generation to the return of a TV icon, and the chemistry that is instantly formed between her and Eccleston is a sign that the new Doctor Who is as good as the old. First, fifth, ninth, it makes no difference: there may have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, incidentally), but together he, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the group are a single character , one so cool he does not even need a name: he's the doctor.
