With the sun shining on a calm Sunday that is about to wake up completely, love can be felt in the gentle breeze that passes through my feet and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk alongside. It's the perfect day to stop for croissants and a coffee-o-lait before heading out into the city of lights and love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonably in the budget of this humble film critic, so I had to opt for the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films from a variety of international directors. Each piece has the name of a different Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection on love. Careful not to glorify in excess the most powerful and persuasive of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in the various stages of his own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And truly, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how a moment can change your life than with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautifully poetic quote above is taken from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. Faithful to its shape, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-lapse and repetition photography to demonstrate the whole cycle of love, from the beginning to the dissolution. Originally filmed in 2004 and paired for this anthology, Faubourg star Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for a role in a film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man for whom she falls in love. Here the blind guides the blind man along the most unstable ground where two people consume themselves to the point where their lives almost lose their own existence. As love seems to go from dazzling to dizzying, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks he may have in our minds and of the illusions he can create when we approach doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most dizzying romantic offer come Tour de Sylvain Chomet. Choosing the most identifiable attraction of the city for its title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a pamper (Paul Putner), finds himself falling into one surreal scenery after another and eventually gets arrested. It is here that he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something like an art that is dying, if it is not already dead. However, by nature, it is dreamy and carefree. Miming points his silent finger to the ridicule of human behavior and what, but love, can make people more absurd? We could find someone special in the least likely circumstances, if we could take ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow alive, not always focusing on the love between lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing affectionately for his son before letting him sing the same song with a distant desire for the child she cares for his life. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN PARESIT COUPLE) has Juliette Binoche desperately trying to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her child. Binoche says very little yet, not surprisingly given his immense talent, his struggle is evident in his face when she discovers that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuarón (CHILDREN OF MEN) weighs with a solid shot of a father (Nick Nolte) and his grown daughter (Sara Martins) walking together for what must be the first time in a long time. We see them just across the street and only approach them as the distance between the two characters narrows to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short for the screen is the 14ieme Arrondissement of Alexander Payne. As usual, Payne (SIDEEW) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and for less time than she would like because there are dogs waiting for her at home. She is a simple person with a quiet life, who finds herself in a city that is rich and lush. In beautifully delivered Americanized French, she reflects on the sights and how to be there makes her feel. This woman spends a lot of time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments of life and, while sitting in a city made for lovers, she realizes that she is indeed happy and loves herself more than she knew. She falls in love, if only for a moment, with life and with her own love. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear, but fleetingly in Paris, JE T'AIME are in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, whether helping someone after a hard fall or reaching out to another without touching them or without their knowledge, are the moments that give love to their brightness and flowering. Outside the city of lovers, it may be easy to miss times like these, but we must remember their meaning. It only takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant in love, one must believe that it can one day find a way to its door.
