Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematic homage to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost challenges synthesis and review. Ask a large group of people their impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something like this movie. Moored by each of the sectors or Arrondissement of the city, the film examines love in all forms, the native people in their Parisian ways and the tourists interacting with the big city. Approximately twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screen time, include Olivier Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuaron, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among others less known. The stories range from hilarious, funny, exciting, tragic, banal and tender. <br /> <br /> In one story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted by a young lithographer (Elias McConnell). pouring his heart into French for a boy who speaks only English. In another, separate husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to finalize the divorce process, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approaches marriage without a connection until the spirit of the late Oscar Wilde intervene. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries confronts superstition on a subway with his bag of tourist collections in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with his mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she confesses that she has terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche faces agony about her fantasies and the loss of her son in Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a tale of misconceptions in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins 'throw away' a strange relationship Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind to actress Natalie Portman in learning to see in Faubourg Saint-Denis, the vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is an ex-patriot actress stung in drugs in the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a tourist carrier who desperately seeks to speak the French she studied for the whole life. trip in a terribly hilarious 14ème Arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the film try to unite as many stories as possible, but this only works at superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can tire the audience due to the lack of time to assimilate all the action. But in the end it is a highly detailed tribute to a great city and provides the viewer with many vignettes to visit again as a Paris scrapbook. It's a movie worth seeing several times! Grady Harp
