I took my 19 year old daughter with me to see this interesting exercise in the movies. I always find it intriguing to have opinions and opinions of a different generation in movies, especially because I'm cynical myself. It's good to have an opinion without judging from someone who has not yet reached the "been there, done that" approach in every movie you see. I am pleased to say that we both really liked and considered it as a successful mother / daughter exit. Far, far better than seeing a "girl movie" dead in the brain, which I think is what we should enjoy, according to demography? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were invited to produce a short article on each of the arrondissements in Paris, a city I have not visited in 20 years. But I wanted to have it. They are loosely attached to the pictures, and represent different approaches to love in the city considered in popular culture as the romantic capital par excellence of the world. Some of the films work better than others, but, as other reviewers have said, it never goes down that much for kitsch. Some are funny, some are sad, some intriguing and some simply intriguing (I'm still trying to discern some deep inner truth for the hairdressing salon "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon"). Some are just fun and maybe should not be given much meaning (the vampire and the tourist for example). Possibly my only criticism of the whole movie is that it makes Paris look pretty good. It can also be cold, damp, foggy, indifferent and miserable, or, in summer, baking hot and packed with so many tourists you feel like a sardine in a can of queues for hours to see all the attractions. But I'm taking it. <br /> <br /> My favorite was by far the Coen Brothers movie, filmed at the Tuileries station, and starring Steve Buscemi, perfectly pierced, like a confused tourist who inadvertently gets caught up in a discussion of lovers. Absolutely perfect and very, very funny, without Buscemi having to say a word. I also perversely enjoyed the play about the two mimes, which was probably the closest the movie ever got to be cute - it certainly swayed on the brink of kitsch, but it was on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer, gaining insight from an encounter with the grave of Oscar Wilde, have left me quite indifferent, and Juliette Binoche trying to deal with the death of her young son made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought both Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands were a bit boring, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (she cornered the addict market? I watched Sherry Baby last week.) <br /> /> But I felt that the two pieces of "social justice" (for lack of a better way to put it) worked very well. By this, I mean, first of all, the movie about the young mother leaving her own child in a day care to go and take care of someone else's baby on the other side of town. And then the film about the African migrant, struggling to exist on the fringes of an indifferent society, who is stabbed and dies on the street in front of a young and new paramedic. Yet another murder statistic, in a world that sees thousands of migrants dying in the struggle to achieve what they see as a better life, every year. I found the two pieces very well observed. <br /> <br /> The last film, 14th Arrondissement, in which Margo Martindale plays a postman from Colorado telling the story of his first trip to Paris? in French very poorly accented? for his French class at night school, it thrilled me. A perfect ending to a good, intriguing film if not very good. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works very well.
