... to Paris is a mobile party. "Ernest Hemingway It is impossible to count how many great talents immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes, and yes - The famous filmmaker Max Ophüls said about Paris," He offered the bright and wet avenues under the street lights, breakfast in Montmartre with brandy in his glass, coffee and warm brioche, gigoloos and prostitutes in the night. Everyone in the world has two homelands: yours and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", whose subtitle is" Little Novels ", is a collection of short films, often 18 drawings. talented directors from all over the world In each of them we familiarize ourselves with one of the 20 arrondissements of the City of Light and with the Parisians of all ages, genres, colors and backgrounds that deal with love in its many variations and stages. In some of the " small novels "are the witnesses to the unexpected encounters of strangers that lead to instant interest, closeness and perhaps a relationship: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller on the street of Montmartre in the debut film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a girl a Muslim whose cross-cultural romance directed by Gurinder Chadha begins in the What of Seine, I would include in that category the humorous short film Gus Van Sant. "Le Marais" a boy po Urs his heart out for another boy conf being of sudden unexpected proximity, asking for permission to call - never realizing that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the vignettes are pungent and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno is a single mother of the working class who has to work as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for a nursery where she falls. your baby every morning before you go to work. One of the most memorable and truly moving films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-star as two young people for whom love could have happened. There were promises, but it was cut short due to the hatred and intolerance that are everywhere present, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another one that really caught my attention was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has lost his love for his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with the beautiful lover, the devastating news of his wife's doctor arrives ... <br /> <br /> I can continue to reflect on all 18 small precious stones. I really like some of them. The others felt weak and may be forgotten soon, but overall, I'm very happy that I bought the DVD and know that I will return to my favorite movies again and again. They are "Place des Fêtes" I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise", directed by Wes Craven, which involves the ghost of one of the most witty and clever men of all time, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways" ). who would save a troubled relationship. Payne also directed the "14th Arrondissement," in which a lonely middle-aged post-worker from Denver, CO, explores the city on its own giving French voice with the strong accent. Payne's entry is one of the most exciting and along with the hilarious "Tuileries" of Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on the benches (Margo in the park and Steve on the Paris Metro after visiting the Louvers), watching the life around them with different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and light, my sadness is brilliant ..." Steve's character will find that sometimes even the most comprehensive and useful tour guide would not help a tourist avoid doing the wrong things in a foreign country.
