I just saw it tonight at a seminar on digital projection (shot in 35mm, and first fully scanned film in 6k mastered in 4k, and designed with 2k projector in the ETC / USC theater in Hwd) .. a lot for tech stuff. 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) each received 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms with known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .. totally hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. so good ... and she actually wrote the play that she was Em, Ms Depardieu and many good international actors as well.The stories range from every novel, quirky comedy to touching study of Alex Payne of a woman discovering herself to Van Sant and one of those things that happens anywhere ... perhaps "putting in French speaking in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of English spoken, although this probably warns them to art houses (à la Diva.) Also only one piece that can be considered" experimental "but colorful and funny too, the rest simple studies of sometimes complex relationships.Everything easy to follow (unless the "experimental" irritates your desire for a stereotypical story.Many brought some emotions to me ... I I admit that I am affected by love In cinema .. when it is presented in something other than sentimentalism. I even laughed at a piece of mimicry, like no other I've seen (thanks for that!) The movie hit its peak, to me, somewhere about halfway, so the last two sequences were taken up again. Some beautiful scenes of Paris at night, lush and romantic music, used to have good effect, not just schmaltz for "emotions" in sound, usually good photography, although some photos seemed a soft focus when it could not have been (main character in scene / scene). The progress of each film was good, and the overall structure, although a bit long (they left out two of the 20 films but said everything would be on the DVD) seemed to vary between the shades of the films to maintain a good balance. I'm not sure when it comes out, but a good study of how to do a 5-minute film job .. and sometimes, what does not work (if it covers a lot of time, emotionally, for a short film.) Must be in the region one when released, but they did not know when.
