I watched this movie a few days ago at a small independent cinema in Paris. It was my last night in the French capital and the best farewell I could have chosen. These twenty episodes made me relive the impressions I had collected in Paris in a way that warms the heart without falling into kitschy or sentimental schmaltz. Each episode is full of surprises, strong emotions and suggestive images, and each short film is directed according to the rules of a good story. For me, this kind of film requires a lot more talent and qualities from a director and a storyboard writer than any two-hour epic drama and they all succeeded in their task in an excellent way! The stories were chosen carefully with regard to their corresponding Arrondissement and express their style perfectly. Each episode was seen from a different ankle, had a different theme, a different style and yet the twenty stories result in a harmonic orchestra of films. The most striking advantage with the concept of an episode film in my opinion is based on the fact that you can switch between a wide variety of moods and feelings without the danger of overload, just the opposite: the melange of sadness, melancholy pure joy , despair, anger, anxiety, curiosity or passion give this film a unique freshness and harmony. And do not forget the whole theme of love! Love between the characters, love between the characters and Paris and also the love of the directors and actors / actresses for this project. I do not want to get into the details of the episodes, as there are so many, but I must highlight the range of world-famous actors and actresses from around the world and their approach to this project. Some played with their image, some had broken it completely and some interpreted the stereotypes related to their country of origin or the roles they had played before, so that intertextuality was given throughout the film. After all, I can absolutely recommend this excellent collage and look forward to your DVD release.
