I was fortunate enough to attend a screening in Stockholm for this elegantly expressive, entertaining and thought-provoking film. With romance as the heaviest weapon in his arsenal, Paris je t'aime boldly dives into love in Paris, navigating the different forms into eighteen separate quartiers, but without pouting Parisiennes and saccharine formulas. Does your gold mine undoubtedly stem from frustration on the part of the directors? frustration at having only 5-10 minutes of screen time? thus, you are only presented with the best and safest direction of each part. Debating whether or not to revise all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be merely redundant and long-winded. Instead, simply be sure that each director graces the film with their eccentric styles and abilities, and you'll surely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even if sneaking into a well-positioned reference of Kurt Cobain. The Coen brothers recreated one of the most accessible segments of Paris, a scene with a mute but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, expressionless humor and clever camera angles that certainly spawned more laughter in my theater, and perhaps rightfully so. <br /> <br /> In this way, are all the lines of the story exquisitely exclusive? filtered through the minds of different directors? but what most distracts from the rest is Vincenzo Natali's QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE, a dark love of terror and gothic starring Elijah Wood as a tourist lost in the alleys of Paris at night that meets a vampire. With a black-and-white, but blood-red color contrast that seems to bleed incongruously from the screen, it almost becomes a pastiche of Sin City? a refreshing and visual twist in an otherwise well-founded movie. <br /> <br /> However, my only favorite segment was Tom Tykwer's FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, but I think I was conditioned to think so, since I entered the theater with him as my favorite and nudged my friend next door . saying "Finally, this is my favorite director here." However, it can not be denied that Tykwer offers a lovely segment in which a blind guy picks up the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - for once not boring) that she ends up with him, and he reflects on their relationship. As Tywker's style is, the story is dizzyingly fast, kinetic and repetitive, with screams and races (Lola Rennt) becoming the most adrenaline segment in Paris je t'aime and possibly also the most touching when Tywker begins to wield your most powerful tool? music. <br /> <br /> To fill in the negative report, clearly not all directors can play as much as Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scrapes the bottom of the pile carving a truly disposable segment in which a little boy recounts the story of how his parents met. They are two solitary pampering. This part is so French and desperate that it is insulting to international viewers. Suwa also runs a poor and cute segment with an unusually tired Juliette Binoche who lamented the loss of her son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the ending and interlacing of the 18 floors at the end seem a little rushed and indifferent. <br /> <br /> However, Paris je t'aime really pampers you with quality as all the other stories are well-crafted with crisp writing and fun writing. It's certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (I'm not saying much, I suppose) and a very personal movie in the sense that it's inevitable to pick a favorite and a less favorite. Highly recommended both for the mainstream of "pretentious" audiences (heh). <br /> 8 Oct 10
