Although I live in Minnesota, I have been studying in France lately and I came across this bizarre gem of a movie. <br /> <br /> This movie was amazing, to say the least. A creative and unique film, the different directors lent something different to their interpretation of love in the City of Light. The first instinct is to try to fit each of these little stories into a general storyline, as can be done with Love Actually, 2003. This attempt, however, makes the magic of each individual segment obsolete. When taken literally, with each of the short segments taken as their own individual film, the love stories together tell a beautiful message. <br /> <br /> The film is surprisingly bizarre at times - often to the point of confusion - and each individual segment can be difficult to follow. Still, for an observer who pays close attention to each of the segments, the short lines of the plot become clear after a short period of time. The confusion is almost intriguing; keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting for what will come next. It leaves the viewer wondering, "Did this really happen?" but it also leaves them satisfied that, in fact, it happened. It is the type of film in which the viewer, when leaving the theater, can not decide if he loves or hates him. The initial reaction is to go and watch again and again, just to see these individual lives blend into a cinematic masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The interesting decision to make the multi-language film adds something to the spectrum of people it can relate to. That adds to the reality of the film - here American tourists speak English, French Parisians and so on. The number of people the film covers leads to an understanding of the international language of love. From sickness to supernatural, the love of parents to the love of husbands, this film covers all the bases of love. romantic narrative. In its beautiful and peculiar way, each unique event somehow fits to tell a story: of all types, sizes, nationalities and forms of love.
