Although Cameron Grant was clearly hired to replace Andrew Blake in Ultimate Pictures when he started his own company (Studio A), he practically outperformed the "Master" early on when it came to putting on hot sex scenes. So while all the windows Blake had pioneered (fetish lingerie and sunglasses, combed and trimmed as if they were about to hit the catwalk) were still very present and represented, Grant added his own personal touch to the carnal content. In doing so, he elevated the heat to a level that had eluded Big A since his first ?? and better IMHO ?? film TRAVELS AT NIGHT. Cam's first effort, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, could still have been hampered by an overly servile grip on Blake's aesthetic (with too many girls with girls), but his subsequent DINNER PARTY already shows it at the top of his form. It certainly ranks as his masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The title sums up the premise as a group of friends and acquaintances gather over dinner to exchange sexy stories with an orgy extended in conclusion. Scrumptious Juli Ashton and Tammy Parks scrub food in every other clean physique in their cooking sequence that is sure to delight those with a taste for blending the palette with those of the meat. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") was rarely more than a dependable second-stringer, adding seasoning to several Ona Zee bars, but it looks absolutely stunning here on a romantic poster with the look of Fábio Vince Voyeur. Beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, dating Marc Davis (for the record, the last two were an item at the time) under a waterfall, complete the candy section for the film's eyes. <br /> <br /> Time to start cooking! The first Jenna Jameson ("Daisy" at the time) foreshadows the greatness that will come when she drains Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" in her later move to the gay side of the industry) of all vital juices, albeit with a little help from the brunette Diva. for effective contrast, the elegant industrial setting of the scene provides an atmospheric background for full-throttle sex. Constructivist Gerry Pike tries to cool off on a sweltering summer day, a very tempting prospect for Asian business woman Carrera (in her most painfully beautiful moment) to let through. Best of the show must be the imaginative following that has nasty Norma Jeane and cute Sean Michaels teasing each other's pants? for starters ! ??? while separated by a glass partition until the predictably vague conclusion. <br /> <br /> With sex proving to be artistic or hot, and more often than not both, Grant invented a veritable mix of fleshy products to continue the film. The gastronomic analogy the title implies. Couples may be the main target audience, but an alternation between legal "n" shamelessness should rightly include that "something for everything" recipe that so many adult characteristics are seeking. Acting as his own DoP, the director shows great attention to detail, such as the photo of Asia Carrera's immaculate white shoes being splashed with mud, enriching his vision. Does that stand out as a great filmmaker rather than a merely useful one, as was the case with Nick Steele, who took his place in Ultimate ?? effectively making him a substitute replacement? ??? when he packed up greener pastures.
