Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I enjoyed the films that are generally despised: "Quintet", even if it's for giving me the pleasure of seeing a mature and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as the little girl in "Prohibited Games"; "HealtH", for having Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye," to that splendid and surreal world, Shelley Duvall's Olive Oyl and the marvelous places of Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs" for his proposal for an anti-"teen movie"; "Beyond Therapy," despite all her folly and the presence of Genèvieve Page, who, despite all the effort to look chic Parisian, is taken to a transvestite ... I even enjoyed her one-act TV movies such as " The Dumb Waiter ". "and" The Laundry. "When there is not much plot to develop in your movies, you have wonderful performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin.I realize and enjoy the different approach and description he makes of many cultures different from the United States.It's a shame that his genius is rarely appreciated, and that he is always forgotten when it comes time to distribute American awards and prizes.He's not his typical costume supplier.He's more of a dissident.That's why, it's not surprising for me to find so many bad reviews posted here about "The Ginger Man," his most "mainstream" effort so far and as far as I know it.I did not know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman: In this case, you may not like "The Gingerbread Man," but for me the motive has more to do with Grisham than with the director-writer. an improvised telephone conversation, great performances, a funny law office with a typical receptionist and irreverent desk. While some people find it annoying, I found the first act fascinating, thanks also to the great cinematography of Changwei Gu, the man who filmed "Red Sorghum," "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine." He has a way of showing us the same things we see in other American movies, but in a different light. Through his "foreign look," almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you grow old. You can get in trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and handsome like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I did fascinated by someone who is younger than me! Then you have Robert Duvall's repellent, threatening, and mysterious character, while that storm of Geraldo is threatening Savannah. The second act is a bit fake and even funny because Altman may have done it with a smile. I remember laughing out loud in several cases with his ironic remarks. I think he was applying a bit of Brecht, distancing us, getting ready for the third act, which is pure Hollywood pastiche. Altman does this with expertise. Being a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately he has not fallen into the trap of today's action movies. He was running a tale of lust, greed, and death. I was not disappointed with the movie at all. If I give nine instead of ten, it's because of Grisham. The American reader turned him into a best-selling author. So why complain? Perhaps we ought to thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, the stupidity, the clarity and the foolishness of them all. However, he does so with so much enthusiasm and humor that I can not help but disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people saw another movie ... And vice versa.
