Robert Altman should not make a film like this, but the fact that he did - and that it is a reasonably good thriller and well wrapped in that Grisham thrillers brochure tradition - shows a versatility that is commendable. In Gingerbread Man he really has to work with something that, unfortunately, is not always very successful, or at least not the first thing on his list as a director: plot. There is one of those big succulent boiler plots where a despicable lawyer gets caught up with a desperate low-class woman and then a nefarious figure with whom the woman is related enters their lives in the most disconcerting ways, twists and turns yada yada And it's surprising that Altman really wants to get one of those "I've seen it coming from there!" final, or just a semiconventional suspense. <br /> <br /> But it is a worthwhile surprise because, oddly enough, Altman manages to capture some of this very good behavior, or rather, it is able to inadvertently persuade you of a very well-done, Georgian setting of small town. The film drips with the atmosphere (if it is not a total superlative craftsmanship, sometimes good and sometimes decent for Altman), since Savannah is likely to be hit by a major hurricane and the swamp and swamps and rain will keep things soggy, damp and wet. So the atmosphere is really potent, but there are also performances of (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the 'woman' that attorney Branaugh gets caught, and Robert Downey Jr (when he * is * no good?) Private detective in Branaugh's job. Did I overlook Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen time makes such an indelible impression to withstand the bad vibes of the photo? <br /> <br /> As I said, part of the plot is a little weak, or just kind of standard (lawyer is divorced, bitter custody battle looms, innocent and goofy kids), but at the same time I think Altman saw something captivating in material, something darker than some of Grisham's other works that have this prominence in some way. If it is not entirely masterful, it still works in its limited terms as a mystery that will come to pass - near the south-noir.
