Steven Spielberg wanted to win such a bad Oscar that he realized he would not win directing special effects epics (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind," "Lost Ark Chasers," and ET: The Extra-Terrestrial "Spielberg's first serious drama is a remarkable film, but Academy voters who voted in 1985 have yet to give Spielberg any respect. "The Color Purple" received 11 Oscar nominations including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unfairly scorned when he was not nominated for Best Director. "The Color Purple" should have won a couple of Oscars, including one for the spectacular debut filmmaker of Whoopi Goldberg as Celie, a woman who suffers at the hands of a violent husband. (Frighteningly placed by Danny Glover), then stay s tronger throughout the film thanks to some special friends Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and gives a great performance as Sofia, one of these friends of Celie. Since I'm from Chicago, I already knew Winfrey from her talk show (which at the time of the release of this movie had not been national). Like Goldberg, who debuts in the movies! Margaret Avery is great as Shug Avery, another friend who is also a lover of Celie's rotten husband. All three actresses have received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Set in the south during the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is such a strong film that it made me cry in the end. It also made me laugh sometimes too. Why Academy voters were so tough not to nominate Spielberg for Best Director is a mystery that still intrigues me today. But Spielberg would win two Oscars years later for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan," making him one of the best filmmakers of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The work he did going on from blockbusters to special effects like "E.T." for a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
