In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inconsistent filmmakers of all time. But this is common knowledge; I think his main problem is the variety of genres he covers, while at the same time he can not develop any kind of style that can label him as an author. Hitchcock liked his suspense and his horror / suspense; Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese enjoys his crime-driven crime stories, among others, and Spielberg enjoys his great adventure films, which combine violence enough for adults and fun for the kids. Other more obscure examples include Kubrick and Welles, who covered too much to write about it. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the kind of guy who makes a flawed movie revolve around a great idea or a really nice movie that revolves around a seemingly embarrassing premise. Falling Down had a great idea behind it, but I found it flawed and anticlimactic with many scenes apparently depending on the comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero movies have been great hits recently, so how did he manage to do not one, but two terrifying superhero movies is beyond me. Then comes 8MM; a film with a basic premise that runs impressively before Tigerland, which is the best Schumacher film I've seen so far, in my opinion. With the war genre, laughter is not something that you would associate with most of the time. I remember mocking the absurdity of the D-Day landings during Private Ryan's Rescue: by the time I saw the movie for the first time, I was not very aware of the World War II bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows were raised, my mouth slightly open with a faint "I can not believe the smile" on my face. Needless to say, it was because of this film that I sought to learn a little more about what this event was and about the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a hard and selfish military training for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what is clever here is that there are nothing scenes of struggle and death and destruction; just a man and his battle with the system most of the time. The things he says and the audacity with which he deals with his situation is reminiscent of a school-aged child wiping out a number of teachers at an extremely rigorous boarding school. Tigerland can lend Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training routine for the Vietnam War, but egos and superegoes play a more important role here, I think. The superegos who are the sergeants go against Bozz, whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle infiltrating Bozz: the ID. Compared to all other soldiers who have rather large egos, Bozz is the only brave enough to show him in front of the sergeants, thus suggesting that he is allowed to do what he should not to float to the surface and express himself: You're all dead in this situation! "A sergeant beats. "Any question?" "Yes, if I'm dead, how can I ask a question?" Bozz replies, whose punishments, such as crunches and eating dirt, seem to discourage him in the true style of identification; he also likes punishments. <br /> <br /> Also in relation to the superego, Bozz at one point tries to command a group of soldiers in field training. This is something the current squadron captain can not do, suggesting that he is missing both the superego required for the job and the confidence to tell Bozz that he is in charge. What follows is a real conversation between Bozz and an existing sergeant who gives him his Christian name. This is where the character of Wilson Private (Whigham) intervenes: His uncontrollable anger and rage at Bozz explode at one point, culminating in the only real scenes from a movie shootout, which is in the form of a training exercise on a river . Wilson can not control his impulses and dislike Bozz and acts. <br /> <br /> What I also liked about Tigerland is that it is filmed in such a way that it is brave. Although lacking in innovation, Tigerland seems to use lower quality films or smaller cameras to get through its gritty look. Make no mistake that this could have been a beautiful movie with lots of color and attractiveness. But, we have a documentary approach in the final piece, making everything appear to have been filmed on a typical ordinary TV camera; the emphasis on the hand is also apparent, but Schumacher is clever: he never allows the film to become much like a fake while at the same time suggesting that the film's budget might have been half what it was. It is worth saying here that Spielberg said that he wanted Private Ryan's Rescue to look like a real shot or something like that and as if it had been shot in the war scenes. <br /> <br /> Although it's very funny and fun, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tick; not necessarily in war, but in the nearest possible substitute. His study of a man and how much he hates the system that he can not take it seriously is fascinating, as is the impulse of each soldier. There are several memorable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not unhappy, ending that will open your mind and make you think about what might be really like an army.
