Ted's Bodacious Will and Journey is an existential journey through themes of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's quest for fame and his fears of the body being overcome by a machine without a soul. It is the most intelligent work of fiction since Paradise Lost and refers to many ancient works of art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time the guys are a famous rock band who traveled back in time collecting icons from the past - Napoleon, Joan of Arc (wife of Noah), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped two princesses, and finally learned to play their guitars and write successful songs. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger and evil are overcome by eternity. We advance in a distant future where an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to dominate the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the power to send two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are living fabrics on the metal exoskeleton and coated with poly-alloy mimetics, allowing them to survive the tumult of time travel, and can mimic anything they experience through physical contact. It's their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take over their lives, making terrible music that no one else would like. By doing so, they will change the world forever - Gryll and Jed's music will never be made, leaving a world of war, hunger and hatred, and more irritatingly, bland boy / girl group music pop. There is an amazing turnaround when the good guys are dead and have to figure out a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers who inhabit their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of young culture and real culture by blending modern music and phrases with post modern sets and artistic references, and seeks to teach us all things by plunging into our own psyche to show ourselves . It presents the nightmares that confronted the teenagers of the 1980s in a society that abandoned them and called us to dissect poststructuralist jingoism, self-love and malaise of the age. Carrying us with the belief that we can truly change the world is an inspiring message, but in order to achieve such dreams, we must actually go through and face our nightmares. To overcome is to succeed, to defeat Death is the first step to actually living and not just surviving. In the words of Kenneth Reeves - 'Wow!' Best Scene: For a fun game, see how many songs, bands, and albums cover references you can find throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
