This is the first American film to successfully adopt the naturalistic style used by Europeans, particularly the French and the Belgians, for at least a decade, and is not it time? After three high school girls in Brooklyn's Crown Heights neighborhood during the last days of summer vacation between grades one and two, she does what every good art should: discover the universal in the particular. Even if girls' concerns are outwardly conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom, and clothing - we glimpse how their lives are being shaped, the universal interface between character and destiny. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is complete and complete. The film breathes, remains in the moment, inhabits in real time. The story tells itself. The medium and its artifacts, for once, are not the message. The film, unshakably, truly transmits the childish perspective of its characters; does not impose its own adult meanings or morals. The details arise on their own, are never pushed, and therefore seem more real and powerful to their euphemism. Even if great efforts have been made to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of New York's largest black ghetto and one of the most dangerous places of violence in the US, it is childhood in the ghetto, not in the ghetto. Documentary of a band's practice sessions, the Jackie Robinson Steppers, punctuate the film at regular intervals with an explosion of color, movement, and sound. Otherwise, the camera is very close, very intimate, a patient, cunning and discreet observer. Language is rich, spontaneous, transparent acting. Some scenes stand out, like the girls who have fun, each revealing their deepest fantasies. Lanisha's admission of his acceptance of a random violence death is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars in the ghetto. She shares with her mother her confusion and fear before the difficult challenges of adult life are equally touching and wonderfully affirmative. <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected, not propagandized: all three girls are being created by one person. Moms, only one, Lanisha, has an active parent in her life (and, not coincidentally, out of the three she is the most emotionally stable and empathic to others, and the one with the most self-respect). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease disproportionately prevalent in the city center. Gunfire, a daily occurrence accepted, only momentarily interrupts the conversation. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hope, feels she has control over the future, while the other two in varying degrees have already accepted despair. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best dramatic American movie I've seen in years. See, see, see.
