`Our Song 'gives us the lives of the three teenagers Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn - best friends hanging out at the end of the summer. Teenage summer - even if we do not know the signs and landmarks of this particular lot, Crown Heights, Brooklyn - is / was the same for all of us. A lazy rest from school pressures and turmoil. Welcome warmth and idleness. <br /> <br /> But if this adolescence experience is universal, the inner city of the 1990s is a different place than most of us know - perhaps as a foreign country as any other. Young bodies carving new silhouettes ... waving new territory ... the maze into adulthood. The young mind coming into itself, speaking for itself, saying this is who I am, that's what I want to try to be. It's always been like this. But this is what happens in Brooklyn in the late 1990s. Jim McKay is the writer / director of this film project, but he recognizes everyone who has shouted suggestions for him. The opening title slide "A Movie From" seems to list everyone in the universe. It's a gesture, but at the end of the movie, we know it's genuine. [The final titles also have some of the most enjoyable and valuable credits I've ever read.] Jan McLaughlin's vivid sound recording deserves special mention. McKay is a modest leader who knows who is telling this story - it's his three thanks to Lanisha, Mary and Joycelyn. They are the real thing, their interactions have the fire of real friendship and the focus of reality. This is not an abbreviation of music video about teenage life. It has the seriousness of the long stare. <br /> <br /> Going together, we do not feel included, but we feel privileged to be listening. They are real voices talking clearly about crises. and numbness of daily life. We are witnesses to the modern mathematics of teenage life - how their problems are interpreted, calculated, summed, and solved. Small scenes illustrate great thoughts everywhere. Lanisha hangs with her father in her safety work - it's the only way to spend time with him. We see the love that exists between them, but also the failures of family and fatherhood. In a connected scene, Lanisha defends her father to her mother, and we see how desperately she needs to love them and that they love her back. Later, the three friends lay in the dark sharing visions and dreams - and we remember how children are crazy / funny and, more tragically, how realism hammers idealism today. And in the end, Maria simply walking down the street is a tale itself. We see her gathering the courage to handle all her fears and doubts. It shows us the strength it takes to be able to embrace the fragility that makes life habitable. "The greatest gift of our music is that we really deeply feel the terribly ephemeral nature of friendship - how, one day, alive and encouraging, that intimacy can, in the next, just turn and turn away. It's awful, but that's how it is, is not it?
