I reflected on the days when I held my boyfriend hat to feel it in my time alone when I was 16 years old. The little moments in this movie are so accurate and in tune with what's going on in the minds and hearts of the movies. young girls during their teenage years. Now, at my age, I want to preach to them about their decisions and how life during those times is not as important as it seems in those moments. That if they could be patient in their youth and wait to experience the difficulties of life, external and internal, life would be much sweeter. But again, young people today are faced with some variables that I have never had to deal with a young man. The three main characters well interpreted by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez - Maria) give us the very convincing representation of a piece of reality for young girls who living in impoverished situations. They have impoverished family lives, all being raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisha, whose father is present, but does not actively support their day to day. Impoverished educational systems lack direct contact with modeling. These situations affect powerfully and it is their reality, but all this is not of great depressing concern for these young women in their day to day life. They except their difficult situation and focus on the same things that young people around the world are worried about. Find true love in a man, having good friends you can trust, earning some respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoying life. That is, if this film crossed the difference of race, age and sex imposed by its characters and the scenario in which it is stamped. <br /> <br /> Director and writer McKay explains on the DVD how each of the scenes came into his head, just watching the youngsters of that age who lived in these types of neighborhoods. In addition, you add three actresses who are not so far removed from that time in their own lives, that you get a real and real synergy of reality and act at its best. The only thing I know (African American and Hispanic) is that there is always a member of the spiritual family or neighbor who is in the foreground or near, believing in a better day and better life and future, despite the current situation and is paper modeling it to some extent. This has never been touched in the film so as not to preach and I understand this, but it also restricts the culture to having no hope in anything but themselves. <br /> <br /> THE FACTOR HOPE: Now I think about my future and where I come from and I speak as Lanisha did "Today is a good day". Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other ism we can add. Yes, some of these actions of young girls perpetuate isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but none of these past actions nor present nor their environment leaves them hopeless of a bright future. I was left with the sad hope of each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a model in the life of a young girl about to make a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of the movie that should not only entertain but make each of us think, reflect and act in some positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
