"Someday, we'll walk in the rays of a beautiful sun. Someday, when the world is so much brighter" - The 5 Stairsteps "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Movies about black teenagers usually involve downtown gangs that traffic drugs or commit violence to a hip-hop soundtrack. Films about the everyday problems of ordinary city teenagers are hard to find, but there is an undiscovered gem that I would recommend. Our Song, by Jim McKay, has about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn who learn that high school will be closed for asbestos removal and must decide on their future direction, one that may involve separate paths. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old, not an adult reminiscing about the past as in most adult films. Avoiding obligatory street slang and excessive use of F-words, he offers an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in his life. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in second year of local school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real-life real-life band whose rehearsals for a Labor Day parade provide discipline and purpose for their lives. Similar to George Washington, by David Gordon Green, but less stylized, the film portrays black and Latino non-professional actors with Kerry Washington as the highlight. While the performances have some amateur moments, I became so engrossed in the story that I forgot that the girls were acting. Maria, whose father is in prison, has learned that she is pregnant with Terrell, a local student. She wants to have the baby, though she's only 15 and knows Terrell will probably not be much help. Joycelyn works in a luxury clothing store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very poignant scene in her bedroom, she pretends to be talking to her fans, then lies in bed to recite one of her poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria in the beginning, but leaves to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls receive much support at home and Maria is very afraid to tell her mother about the baby. However, single mothers are not typical beats of movies or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time with their children is limited because of the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she is able to visit her father, a porter in a luxury apartment building and talk about music. His mother is comforting when Lanisha discovers that a friend in the neighborhood committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic point in a realistic film. When the summer is over, the girls move away and each one decides a different course. There are no great dramatic moments, however, only the sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Although we are not blinded by the frustrations that await them, we identify with their hopes and dreams without dwelling on the negative. Our Song is an emotionally satisfying movie about growing up on projects that refuse to see life in any other terms beyond the possibility.
