When you begin to watch this masterpiece of animation, you quickly realize that it is a European production. Although Europeans have (unfortunately) integrated some of the clichés you would normally find in such an American production, most are missing. One is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can win. Another is that one of the groups is only in business for money, is greedy, runs away when the heat increases, but somehow yields to its nature better. This movie would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a TV series that came out four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: Whoever did the animation knew what he was doing! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in photos they do not even look real), they seem as vivid and sentient as the audience that follows their mission. To make characters that by "normal" patterns could be considered deformed (those microlegs could never carry that giant body let alone make it jump) so alive and loving is more than just "a highlight"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of his appearance, but because of his inventiveness. The world our heroes travel is not solid like ours, but it is made of many pieces of land that vary in shape and size that seem to be floating in the air. When a person treads on a smaller piece of land, it waves a little as if it were shedding its weight. In some cases, up and down, they no longer apply, but our heroes still manage to steady themselves somewhere. Although the world of the floating islands is completely surreal, in this movie it is absolutely believable and after a short time it does not seem any stranger than running into a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote this the looks of the world are not as impressive as the idea. As much as it may seem, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to detail is impressive. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few attributes, the emotions can be read clearly, as in the face of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and there are no two identical settings. The background is always in motion, something is always happening, which makes the world seem even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be amazed at how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> Hector's existence really puts the cherry on top. Hector is a hairy "thing" (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is totally amiable and extremely funny. Although he was not really important to the main plot, he would miss her as Scrat would be in the Ice Age. The really cool thing about Hector is that you need to talk to Gibberish to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so good, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was pretty thin. Two hunters are sent to rescue the world from a very bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, not really original. That in itself would not be a big problem. What I missed was background information. What kind of dragon was this and why did it look like this? I love mythical stories, but if they get too thin, they seem to be written after the movie ends, in a weak attempt to give depth to the whole thing. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was Zoë. . Although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was a little painful in that movie. She seemed quite resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, still dreaming about some hero from a storybook and basically slowing down others. It would have been fine if she had developed a bit more and a little earlier in the movie - or if she had been less feminine to begin with. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to distort the story backfired the writers. <br /> <br /> After all, this is a very good movie for almost all ages.
