My first impression would be this is Beowulf just with all the good bits of fighting against Grendel and intact dragons, making it an exciting journey from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, the two have created a fantastic landscape that becomes a character in itself within its history, with its ever-changing environment composed of small floating spheres of land that may be lost lands or globes. it is simple that it speaks of a land that is shrinking in anticipation of the unwanted visit of a powerful dragon to plunder and destroy, and the resident knights were all annihilated. Enter the king's granddaughter, Zoe (Marie Drion), who reunites Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge brute with immense strength, but truly a gentle giant, and his weapons partner Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), who balances the partnership with his cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their pet creature who also proudly expels fires incipient) share a common dream of owning a farmland and spending idyllic days tending their animals in retirement, but for this comes the requirement to be financially free , hence his career in exterminating monsters that is not worth it. <br /> <br /> This is basically the essence of it all, but what makes this movie a spectacle is its CG graphics, which is solidly rich, detailed, and a dazzling wonder to behold. It has some wonderfully crafted action pieces that have been painstakingly designed to lure you into the middle of the action, and during these struggling strings, there is not a boring moment. Photo-realistic moments of non-existent landscapes cause you to put aside the fantasy of belief, and it is easy to admire the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of flying things (here you are, George And I could not either enough of the final battle, although the usual brick bats will find some flaw in the indestructibility of the main characters. I think this movie opened my eyes that there are many more computer animation companies around the world which have quality in their products to match that of Pixar.And this is definitely a movie that local filmmakers of Zodiac: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea can learn from ... to keep the story effectively simple, and leave their art On the move make the whole conversation. Definitely highly recommended!
