Initially, I would have thought that Secret Sunshine had something critical to say about religion (and here being Christianity), and wondered if it would be something of a discourse against the evils of blind faith, or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly most sacred. than you. Surprisingly, it was not of the type and was largely non-judgmental, actually putting events into practice, and allowing the public to draw their own judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can not help but laugh at the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who has enjoyed the widow Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon), and starts going to church when she does. The reasons for going to church are many, I suppose, either to find inner peace, to seek help, to fear eternal damnation in the fire of Hell, to reaffirm faith, or even things like wanting to get married in a church, or to get around chase (I'm not joking). But for each of your own reasons for appearing in the church every Sunday and participating in prayer groups for fellowship, what's really dangerous is when the underlying underlying motives are not satisfied, and that's when frustration sets in. The hypocritical man can be, by portraying one face within the house of God, and displaying another outside. Shin-ae and her son Jun move to the town of Miryang, which is the birthplace of her late husband. . Wanting to start life again, she opens a piano shop to give lessons, although upon discovering her new freedom found and in a moment of lack of common sense, another tragedy comes to her. And it takes an hour to get there. Secret Sunshine really took her time to get to this point where things start to get a little more interesting with Shin-a and now adopting religion to deal with it and accept its present state, reveling in the comfort that religion and your fellow believers What started out as shouting out of sympathy turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve the evils of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if it is because of your personal myopic view of what the Almighty is doing for you, you begin to adopt a somewhat selfish opinion that everything is going well, and in the case of Shin-ae, your magnanimous attitude in wanting to forgive others who rebelled against it, forgetting something very fundamental. the feeling can cut both sides too. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of all because it says a lot where most of us can identify - why me, and why not somebody else, as we rage against our faith and start questioning, alas, no hard and fast answers available. It is then either we fall in the way, or we continue with destructive actions so rebellious. But somehow the plug is carefully pulled into Secret Sunshine not to offend, and what could have been an ugly spokesman, was mute. <br /> <br /> If you bite the hype that this movie is generating, then perhaps you will only realize that the excellent interpretation of Jeong Do-yeon is noteworthy, since she owns the role of widow Shin- and who is probably the most unhappy person on Earth to deal with so many tragedies over a short period of time. , and if you look carefully, most of which are made by her. Watching his transformation, it's worth the ticket price, and despite having my favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho in the film, this is something he just passed.
