The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) are the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, as Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a young son whose husband died in a tragic accident, and leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, which was his hometown with his young son. . Jeon's face is very changeable. She is feminine, flirtatious, elegant, aged and sad, desperate and cheerful, with her and terribly isolated by turns, and it's all in her face. The film also stars Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who knows her when her car breaks down in Miryang, who happens to run a garage in the city, and who follows her all the time despite her apparent lack of interest in your attentions. Song is Korea's biggest star at the time, known for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Revenge, Murder Memories and The Host). And yet here he plays a disposable character, almost a forgotten man. But of course he makes it interesting and curiously attractive. He is the essential ballast to keep Jeon's character from moving away. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor city in Seoul, a city "like anywhere else" as Kim says (just as he is, in a way, like any other person). His little boy is cheerful, like the little boys, but clearly hurt and sometimes withdrawn as well. His father used to snore, and when he misses him, he stays awake, pretending to snore. He goes to school and Shin-ae meets parents, students and shopkeepers. There is a sense of place in the film, even if the place is, in a sense, "anywhere." People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Shin-ae in Seoul is immediately noticed. Is life really tougher here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae does not seem to realize the danger she is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae does not necessarily deal with it in the best way possible. But this happens and she must face the consequences. But she can not. She shatters. A perpetrator is caught, but this is no consolation. Eventually she becomes so desperate, she gives in and goes to a meeting of born again Christians that an acquaintance is pressing her to attend. She finds peace and loose with it. But when she decides not only to forgive the perpetrator, but to go to jail to tell her this, this experience is full of ironies and it destroys her again. She becomes embittered and desperate and finds no comfort in religion. And it gets worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives her everything in this extremely demanding and protein role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If an actor of the stature of Song Kang-ho expresses great admiration for him, this is convincing. According to LA Weekly's Scott Foundas, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) marked him as "one of the leading figures in his country's recent cinematic renaissance." But this is not as successful a film as other Korean directors whose work I have seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the prodigious and almost perversely talented Park Chan-wook. It can actually begin, as Foundas says, as a sort of "Asian Alice no longer lives here" and then "abruptly and without warning" becomes a "suspense" and, some time later, a quasi-bionic study of human suffering. "But this progression does not just seem random and indigestible, the movie sinks and loses its momentum until the end and then it simply fails, with no sense of ending. If she is destined for madness like Betty in Betty Blue, by Jean-Jacques Beineix, which may explain her peculiar and misguided choices, this is not something that is properly developed. disturbing, but that leaves one dubious and unsatisfied after putting one through an emotional juicer. An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center, 2007 - an event that was well done by the Korean filmmakers in the recent past.
