Korean cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, due to the multiplicity of tones and genres that you can find in the same film. In a Coreen drama like this "Secret Sunshine", you'll also find some comic parts, thriller scenes and romantic moments. "There is not only tragedy in life, there is also tragic comedy," says the character played by Song Kang-ho at one point in the film, summarizing the mixture of the image. But do not get me wrong, this heterogeneity of genres the film deals, adds to the truthfulness of the experience that this rich movie offers to viewers. This does not mean that it lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and profound portrait of a woman in pain. Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life with her son in her late husband's hometown, really gives, for all the different faces of the suffering she is going through, drive for this movie . Its realistic part is erased by the psychological descriptions of all the phases that the poor mother is going through. Denial, loss, anger, faith, audacity of reality: the film follows every step of the character and looks like a psychological catalog of all the stages of suffering that a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what may seem a conceptual experience (the woman uses the mask of tragedy, the man represents the comic interludes) and let the artifice of the film touch it. I must say that some parts of the film really touched me (especially in the beginning), particularly those relating to Chang Joan's inability to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally tired me in the end. However, some cinematic ideas are really breathtaking and surprising (the scene in which a body is discovered in a large scene is, for example, incredible). This kind of scene makes "Secret Sunshine" the equivalent of "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of Murder" for thrillers. These films are in fact surprising, original, aesthetically incredible and can give another dimension to the genres with which they deal. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgets, as "The Host" has forgotten to be scary, is to make your audience cry: a bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
