Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to the world of filmmaking after an absence of several years. Having three critically acclaimed films, he now recruits seasoned veteran Jeon Doyeon and his considerable talent (winner of Cannes) for the lead role of Lee Shinae. What follows is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and an exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that becomes apparent while watching Secret Sunshine is that it does not really care about following any particular genre but instead acquires gender characteristics when needed to convey what it is trying to transmit. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as she moves with her son to the town of Milyang (whose Sino-Corean translates to Secret Sunshine). She moves to Milyang after the death of her husband as was her hometown, so the film was born of tragedy. And you think things can get better when she opens a piano shop and meets a clumsy Jongchan mechanic (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> While we (and Jongchan, stubbornly) follow Shinae when she meets Milyang and the fate she has saved for her, the cracks in her armor quickly become apparent. . She is a troubled woman trying to understand her own strength to overcome the tragedy and we see how she thinks it is not enough. Secret Sunshine is still able to follow a dramatic arc mainly Aristotelian, but recovers in catharsis, which may confuse some viewers, especially the final, but the romance symbolism present in Milyang's name, the discussions about sunlight and the images used in the film very well left me satisfied once I started thinking about the movie a little more. Ms. Jeon is quite impressive, especially considering that if the role was less well played, it would quickly become a rather painful melodrama, but it captures the nuances of Shinae's attempts to deal with her losses with a layer of subtlety. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but he performs properly, appropriately, staging for Mrs. Jeon. Technically, the film is well done in a classic sense. No flashy aesthetic is employed here - the director is clearly trying to let history show itself. I think my only real complaint, and one that may not be fixed, is that despite all the time we spent with Shinae, there's a little distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least I). I think part of that derives from the nature of the work, because if total empathy were pushed, then we would not be able to see the problems that Shinae has objectively. On the other hand, I've never been moved by Shinae's situation, despite her many tears and increasingly erratic behavior. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the film is still quite impressive, especially because it spurred me to think about it, the additional meanings present in it and its reflections on tragedy, coping, self-deception, isolation and faith stayed with me after the credits are over. Driven by strong leadership performance, I honestly did not notice its execution time of 2.25 hours. And that says something. Well done. 8/10
