Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the late widow Shin-ae, won the trophy for best actress at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film and Jeon-Do Yeon received the award for best actress at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this movie won the best movie awards at virtually every Korean film festival. Masterfully written and directed, and uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine expressed the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of continual tragedy. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, director and screenwriter of this film, said in an interview: "In a broad sense, I wanted to express what love is and this movie could be a melodrama in a sense." Without love, we can not talk about hope and salvation ". Lee acknowledged that Secret Sunshine did not have an apparent genre. This movie is not a movie about religion, but it caught the attention of many Christians in Korea because there were so many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shin-the son of ae is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper asks for money because he assumes that once she can buy land, she must be rich. Your lie causes a lot of sadness. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a church goer and wants to forgive the killer. She decides to visit her son's killer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, friend of Shin-ae, says, "Just forgive in your heart. Do you have to go to jail?" Your fellow church members cheer for her and say they will pray for her. Your pastor agrees with what she wants to do. This is a sad time because it is too early for her to take action. The outcome of the encounter with the killer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The killer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. This creates anger toward God. She says, "How can you forgive man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> She begins to fight against God. She looks up at the sky and proclaims, "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap, and her hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. She becomes crazier and crazy and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. The day Shin-ae is released from the hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and sees a familiar face. Son of a murderer works in the shop and cuts his hair. The killer's daughter helped kidnap Shin-ae's son. While she cuts Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can not understand what's happening and leaves the store quickly. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan does his best to stand next to Shin-ae. Although Shin-ae does not care about him, he's at her side all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who began attending the church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, the director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (secret sun), the rural town or vice versa. He seems "very secular and frivolous, but he is always two steps behind her and takes care of her. Milyang is like him." Lee adds, "Someone joked that Jong-chan could be an angel, I think he could be the angel." "Who knows?" We can not say for certain that there is no angel. " If there is a person like Jong-chan who always accompanies his lover's twists, we can defend ourselves against the dominated ones. Shin-ae's life is full of insignificance. Her husband died after he betrayed her, and her only son was cruelly killed by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way - and that drives her crazy, literally. It is very easy to say that your life is full of insignificance. Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in your life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her hair by herself: we walk the journey of our life alone. She, however, realizes that it is difficult to do it alone, and we know that we can not do everything by ourselves. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror to her as she cuts her hair. This is her hope. She has Jong-chan by her side and he is willing to help her in whatever situation she is. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel to her. If we feel that an angel is always beside and behind us, we can find joy in life, even if we face adversities in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversations in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss the history of the early church, Secret Sunshine leads us to deal with the mess of life and to find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a superficial interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us to see below the surface. Some people say they stopped attending church service after they attended Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong responds by saying, "They were already anti-Christ before they watched this movie." Secret Sunshine is a woman's life story and we can interpret our life through the life of Shin-ae.
