Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is the most emotionally devastating experience of the year. It is an instantly serious and brutally honest character piece about the reverberations of loss and a graceful memento mori that resonates with an impressive density of thought but remains as inscrutable as the emotions it observes. Through his layered naturalism and incredibly incisive vision of the dynamics of small cities, Lee implicitly deconstructed Korean traditional melodrama, separating kinematics from excess and tearing apart the arches that shape his characters and ground the process in an overwhelming grind of stoic realism . <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains fluid and immensely convincing throughout its 142-minute runtime. His first hour of bravery is filled to the brim with subtextual insinuations, remarkable foreshadowing and skillful reversals of tone brought by the humanist whim. Adapted from a tale, Lee infuses the film with his sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life, last seen in his transgressively comic and irreverent "Oasis." Understanding how personal revolutions are forged when the visions of our universe are changed, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of a widow's sadness through an investigative field, but also feels the tumultuous existential currents that sustain the film when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in understanding the atrocity. of human experience. <br /> <br /> Do-yeon Jeon ("You're my sunshine") The best actress award at Cannes in 2007 is well deserved. Her performance as the widow Shin-ae remains a ruthless enigma. As a character separated by forces beyond his control, the magnificence of this performance is central to the film's turbulent nature. With Jeon examining one cyclonic convulsion after another, there is a shaky sense of collapse that the film, to its credit, never approaches. Instead, it finds a delicate balance that consumes the charged theatricality and the subsequent banality of common tragedies and their consequences. It becomes the center of the movie universe, just like ours. Filmed in the glorious CinemaScope by hand, the film destroys the cinematicism of frames and compositions making it visually sharp, just as it is discreetly distressing when the camera never opens its Shin-ae gaze through moments of bliss, guilt and remorse. >> Lee captures the details of life in the small and suspicious city of Miryang ?? the awkwardness of communal situations, their uncomfortable silences, and their devastation resulting from personal dramas. Shin-ae's interactions with city dwellers rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are merely made out of obligation to fit because of his son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). The well-known applicant is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor mechanic of uncertain intentions who helps her go to Miryang in the lovely open sequence of the film, transformed into a captivating stream of sunlight. Song has set himself up as a comedy anti-hero in South Korea's biggest films, but his delivery with subtle nuances here suggests the director's thought process of never needing to reveal more than necessary. <br /> <br /> If pain is ephemeral, then pain can never truly dissipate. And Lee finds complexity in subsistence. When Shin-ae attempts to head the path of reconciliation only to be faced again with an unimaginable broken heart, she unsuccessfully employs the communion of evangelical Christianity as a leaf to her sadness. But Lee knows better than that when he understands that religion, in the context of the human canvas of struggle and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never disapproves of the essence of religion, for he realizes the value of salvation for some through a higher power, even if it serves a form of negation in others. The scenes in their second half dealing with religion are not allowed to become aggressively scornful, which is a feat in itself, considering how many filmmakers let the dynamics of the material take care of what they need to say to be true to their story . and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since his call for the post of Minister of Culture and Tourism in the country is an uncompromising dissertation on human suffering. In a film so artless and genuine, it reveals arduously that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, only suppression and reduction of agony. "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with tender mercies drawn from evanescence, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
