I did not intend to write this comment, but after reading the standard analysis that appears in the URL of this movie, I felt compelled to write a replica. The film in one word is superlative. It does not deserve the slanderous criticism the writer wrote. I think the writer totally missed the point of the movie to a great extent. In fact, I was also turned off by the excessive devotion show of evangelists who occupied the middle of the film to a large extent. However, I must beg to differ with the reviewer in that, this movie in the end is not a propaganda piece for evangelistic action. I think what the director has shown is that religion is not enough to find all the answers, as religion is largely incapable of providing answers to simple and basic questions that one can ask and all that religion has to offer is sometimes trivial banalities of one kind or another. This does not demonstrate a value judgment about religion, for we have to remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary people, mostly well-intentioned, basically good, and they generally have no monopoly on the truth and therefore religion can not provide the definitive answers. for some issues in life. Ultimately it is a question of faith. You have to have faith and that's all. And if you are given to faith, then you can enjoy any demonstration of faith. And if you are not given to faith, then any demonstration of faith is tiresome. It is therefore instructive at the same time to observe the reaction of the reviewer to the film. In any case, the director shows us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions, and yet life goes on and there is "secret sunshine" in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientation. And that's just the central message of the movie! Please note the last scene of the movie if you can not do it! In the end, the movie is great and very thought provoking and confronts you - the viewer with questions you need to answer for yourself. So it is a work of art that is a challenge for you personally. I agree with the reviewer that, the gospel material was a bit much. However, given the above interpretation of religion, as shown in the film, I think the director was trying to balance the act by which he can not be called an evangelist? Basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. He is so balanced and perfect that he is simply amazing. He is my favorite Korean actor, no doubt. I know the actress Do-yeon Jeon won the Cannes prize for best actress for this film. However, I did not find any specialty in his performance. It seems that to get awards you just have to act convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes and all that? All in all a great movie. If you do not like it? Please watch again and see if you can! If this leaves you dissatisfied or uncomfortable or asking questions, then think, if that was not what the director was really aiming for through that movie in the first place!
