Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest interpretations of any great director: he began making art films in his native Holland before moving to Hollywood, where he began to make subversive genre pieces that are seen as mere entertainment of the crowd. The Fourth Man, 1983, was the last film he ever did before moving to the US and seems to have been a transition film for him. Since the beginning of The Fourth Man, it is clear that the film will be seen. from the perspective of the famous though impoverished author Gerard. In an apparent tribute to Carol Reed's 1949 film titled The Third Man, the film begins with an author making a trip to talk to a crowd of literature enthusiasts. The similarities end there, however, as Gerard does not face major complications before reaching the auditorium and the speech itself runs rather smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which he completes this function, we know that the author is somewhat disturbed because he has realistic fantasies about murdering his roommate before leaving the house and also has a surreal fantasy involving a hotel that sees advertised and a globe eyepiece. growing out of the magic eye of a door. The fact that he sometimes finds it difficult to keep his fantasies separate from reality becomes even clearer when an anecdote he tells is exposed as false and he admits that he "lies the truth until he no longer knows whether anything has happened or not." do not happen. "The Fourth Man is full of fantasies and surreal dreams that are even more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we have seen happen and why they sometimes foreshadow events that did not happen Verhoeven's careful editing style, this turns out to be the most atmospheric film on this side of Do not Look Now and, like this film, it is full of ambiguity. The Fourth Man movie is also perversely funny when Gerard's deep Catholic beliefs infiltrate every aspect of his life, including sexuality. He naturally associates a hairdresser who knows intimately with Delilah's Biblica, though he is afraid that she will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with her scissors.In a sequence of erotic fantasy that would make Luis Buñuel blush, he replaces a man for whom he is attracted by a life-size statue of Christ on the cross. The Fourth Man is a horror film that can bring the viewer into the protagonist's mind while still maintaining a certain ambiguity: it certainly seems that Gerard is in danger, but it can be more than "lying the truth ". The film is also full of subtle and not-so-subtle visual symbolisms that help make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
