See DE VIERDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a somewhat disturbing and quite fascinating experience. It is a very tight and intense psychological mystery / suspense of the Dutchman Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before he got big with his movie "FLOW + BLOOD". In many user comments on this site, I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this movie may well be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the early touches of Cronenberg (the visceral), the flavors of David Lynch (surreal visuals related to the story) and even Roman Polanski (plot setting). The funny thing is that the films of the directors that I was thinking while watching DE VIERDE MAN were not made until after 1983, the year of the release of THE FOURTH MAN. So go ahead. Much credit must be given to the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve on which this film is based. Gerard Reve is also the fictitious name of the main character (a tormented writer, played by Jeroen Krabbe, balancing himself on the perilous line of a serious psychosis). Now, has anyone stopped and thought of the fact that the word "rêve" is French for "dream"? And the film features many dreamlike sequences of nightmares, often to such an extent that it is not always clear whether Gerard is awake or dreaming alone. Could this be coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is incredible as the protagonist (in a rather demanding role). She sometimes seems to be guilty of over-action (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly intentional to portray the character she plays, as as this movie progresses, you are unsure about what you really think about this woman and her intentions. It proves again what a great actress she is. I might add that the film also contains several scenes depicting male and female frontal nudity as well as some pretty explicit sex scenes (and you'll notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly the plans of the later scenes that would be filmed for the movie Verhoeven). BASIC INSTINCT. Another aspect of this film is the symbolism and Biblical references / images, which supposedly made the film completely hated by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European launch. Either way, it makes the movie worthy of a second display. Now, someone recently told me that he had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One is that the film is supposed to maneuver itself into a position where it needs the Divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve itself. I myself have major problems with how Catholicism has been, and still is sometimes portrayed in, many films of any genre (not just when it comes to horror films with religious themes). But, surprisingly, I had no doubts about the FOURTH MAN. Although the Virgin Mary's aspect in the plot made me scratch my head at one point, I also had fun with it, in a way. I think the key word as to why this does not bother me is "duality". Because this movie works on two levels. Although 'divine intervention' may have solved the plot from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the film implies that all this could have been the raving ramblings of a delirious madman. And that's the fun part: you never know for sure. And then there's the question: Was Gerard Reve somehow getting distorted visions of things to come ... how to receive omens? At one point in the film, Gerard still tries to fool Christine into believing he is clairvoyant. The way he's playing Christine in this particular scene is extraordinary to behold. <br /> <br /> So, with its compelling story, convincing performances and proper direction, DE VIERDE MAN is a highly recommended sight (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror film). But be sure to see the original Dutch version (not the dubbed version).
