I do not know if I would consider a masterpiece of no, but it is almost close; is extremely well done, artistic, full of suspense, intricately plotted, thematically challenging and full of dark imaginary and religious-sexual imagery. There is also excellent camera work by Jan de Bont, a soundtrack by Loek Dikker and an excellent performance by Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter featuring one of the most subtle and subtle 'femme fatale' I have ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a shameless and unprejudiced attitude towards sex, nudity and the complexities of sexuality, and has no reservations about mixing it all up with religious and / or surrealistic images (some would say blasphemers). In other words, if you can not bear the idea of ​​seeing a lust-driven homosexual imagining the object of his carnal desire as Jesus crucified on the cross before the two enter a cemetery crypt, then this may not be the movie for you . What struck me most was how this bizarre movie managed to dodge itself completely from being a pretentious mess. It mixes the abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy and reality scenes and somehow makes it all work. Like any good mystery, you can see the pieces snapping in slowly as the movie progresses. There is NOT a field resolution out of the left field here. The film has direction, there is no unnecessary filling and once completed, you begin to understand the purpose of what may have confused you previously. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee you'll love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you may still like it. <br /> <br /> I will not spoil the plot getting too detailed, but the opening of the movie - through a web like a spider captures its prey - sets the stage for Krabbe, as the drunk, proud and drunken writer Gerard Reve (curiously, also the name of the writer whose novel is based) crosses paths with a rich, mysterious and sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, combining androgynous styles with innocence / cuteness resembling Simone Simon, who may be a 'black widow' literally responsible for the death of her three previous husbands, both become lovers and mingle, but we are led to believe (through Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearances of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - that may or may not exist When something of Christine's lover, young and handsome Herman (Thom Hoffman), appears in the house, things take an unexpected turn. and you need to know. <br /> <br /> The 4th MAN was a major art success in much of the world, but did not make it to the US until 1984, where he was awarded the prize. Best Foreign Film of the Year for the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the launch of Media, which was terribly dubbed. Try to avoid it and move on to Anchor Bay's newest DVD release. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He made some decent movies (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some lousy ones (Showgirls). In fact, the great success of Verhoeven, the Wild Instinct, is almost like a less interesting version of The Fourth Man. Soutendjik also tried to act in the United States and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best offers she was receiving, she returned home in Holland.
