The morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbe) who is a homosexual, alcoholic and has frequent visions of death is invited to give a lecture at the Vlissingen literature club. While at the Amsterdam train station, he feels an unrequited attraction by a handsome man boarding another train. Gerard is introduced to club treasurer and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns the Sphinx beauty salon, and they have one night only. The next morning, Gerard sees the photo of Christine's boyfriend, Herman (Thom Hoffman), and he recognizes him as the man he saw at the train station. He suggests that she take Herman to her house to spend a few days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Köln to bring her boyfriend and Gerard stays alone in his house. He drinks whiskey and spies her safely, finding three rolls of film with the names of men; he decides to watch the filming and find out that Christine married the three boys and they all died in tragic accidents. Later, Gerard believes Christine is a witch and asks if Herman or he will be her damned fourth husband. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Vierde Man" is another magnificent feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is backed by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with clever dialogues; magnificent performance of Jeroen Krabbe in the role of a disturbed alcoholic writer; and stunning cinematography. The inconclusive resolution is open to interpretations as in many European films that exploit common sense and the intelligence of viewers. There are mediocre directors who use frontal nudity of men to promote their films; however, Paul Verhoeven uses the nudity of Gerard Reve as part of the plot and never aggressive or seeking sensationalism. Last but not least; the sexy androgenic beauty of the sexy Renee Soutendijk fits perfectly into her role as a woman who appeals to a gay writer. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "The 4th Man"
