Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his hit 'Wild Instinct' is an elegant and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for making rather despicable junk films in both his native Holland and America and this film is one of the reasons why. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay, alcoholic and slightly crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a talk about the stories he writes. There he meets seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who takes him back to his home, where he discovers a beautiful picture of one of his lovers and proclaims that he will find him, even if it kills him. <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this movie, and this ensures that you never know exactly where you stand with him. Many of the occurrences in The Fourth Man may be what they seem to be, but they can easily be interpreted as something completely different, which keeps the audience always on the fringes of their seats and also makes the film work like this narrative. is what prospers. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he has to restrain himself, and that's one of the things I like best about him. This movie features a very shocking scene that made me feel bad for hours afterwards (and this does not happen very often!). I will not ruin this because it needs the element of surprise to work ... but you will see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the ones I mentioned, but they are adorable, however; one man is eaten by lions, another has a pipe sent through his skull, a boat is crushed in half ... adorable. <br /> <br /> The acting in The Fourth Man is nothing to write, but it is solid everywhere. Jeroen Krabbe catches the eye of the public and looks like the role of a drunken writer. It is Renée Soutendijk who most impresses, however, as the femme fatale at the center of the tale. Her performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with Wild Instinct, but the original fatale did it better. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid as he directs our attention through innumerable points of view, which help to create the mystery of history. Verhoeven started doing some bullshit, but he obviously has talent and it's a shame he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven movies I've seen, this is the best and though it may be hard to find; Trust me, it's worth the effort.
