A movie that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would be considered a major step in the career of an ordinary filmmaker. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest storyteller, has been doing this in various movie formats for years. ROYAL COLOR, at the time, was considered risky, especially after action classics like JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In retrospect, this film should not have been a surprise, as Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sorrow in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE their entry into the intellectual fee. It's such a big ticket. No special effects, no swagger, just a brilliant story based on a literary classic by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg could present such a moving film about African Americans in the South. Slavery is gone, but in the south here described, it seems that blacks are using other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always placed to sentimentalize his images or add an element of childishness to please the public. This is really the first neglected movie of your career that you can not make these observations. It is the first in a series of films that people have not seen or seen because there are no aliens. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS LIST OF SCHINDLER, etc. His incredible talent is obvious with this specific picture because A) he primarily uses inexperienced actors for the first time, B) he tackles a subject that did not fit the screen, and C) is pure drama, no strings drawn where the characters grow and change over approximately 30 years. It is almost epic in appearance and scope, and the fact that it has not won a single Oscar of 11 nominations is a farce and an insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous as the tortured Celie, an unattractive woman donated by her incestuous father to an abusive Danny Glover, whom she only knows as "Mister." The film follows a path of occasional beatings and mental torture that it passes while it is with "Mister". The film with PG-13 rating is quite open to the sexual issues raised by Walker's novel. This is not "The Burning Bed" in Georgia, by any means. There is no blatant revenge as you would expect. This happens gracefully. Goldberg perfectly interprets a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most poignant and moving moment of the films happens when Goldberg and his sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia), are separated, perhaps forever. (Possibly foretelling the separation of the Holocaust from the child and the parents?) You may have to check for a wrist if you are not moved by that sequence. <br /> <br /> The purple color represents the beauty of the fields and the flowers around them. poor person. There is really something to live for, but love triumphs over all. Spielberg bashers take note: the guy can make an unforgettable classic without any cute aliens. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
