This rather poorly named western series has won an Emmy for best syndicated show and is certainly an interesting series. It was produced by Republic, the studio that did better than anyone else, and they put their best into it. Each episode was built around a real historical figure from the old west. A railroad detective named Matt Clark, similar to the late Elliot Ness with the gangsters of the 1920s and 1930s, managed to get involved with almost all the notorious Western criminals between the mid-1800s and the First World War. The best asset of the series was Jim Davis. Tall, sturdy, robust, good-looking, in great shape, with an authentic western accent and great riding skills, which made him totally convincing in the action scenes, Davis was the Western hero. He joined two adorable and active co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" during Season One, and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" during Season Two. Each worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated this show from its contemporaries and much of what came after was the professionalism invested in the action scenes. Ace Action Director William Witney has directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both filmed the action with Polish. The vast stock of photos of the Republics of serials and B's was used to give scope. The level of individual episodes increased or decreased with the quality of the invited stars brought to the bandits' piece. Among the really good ones were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer, and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "The Smilin 'Kid." The cream of Western actors, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, perfected their craft. B veterans with decades of experience, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, provided the old leather feel of vintage westerns. <br /> <br /> The weakness of The Concept was that there are just so many famous western outlaws. By season two, the famous figures were becoming a bit obscure to everyone by the more dedicated history buff. However, some of the recent shows were a game for anyone due to the invited stars. Henry Brandon played the talkative Nate Champion, and former Republic star Don Barry stood out as outlaw Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or fans of history will want to see this.
