This unpretentious and rather routine series deserves credit in TV history books for two reasons: it was the first to win an Emmy award for best syndicated series, and it was the first show to come from Republic Pictures' legendary studios known for their shoot- low-budget but powerful em-ups in the '30s and' 40s. Republic was one of the first Hollywood studios to make a leap to the small screen, which was still in its infancy. But the ownership of the studios as a producer of TV pulp fiction would be brief. After this show, they would later become involved with the other format by which they were known, the adventure series, with "Commando Cody", as well as other series, but like this, they did not last more than 39 episodes. In addition, the Republic was in its last stages as a studio; would end his tenure in Hollywood as rental stages for several Revue Studio series, such as "Soldiers of Fortune," the original "Dragnet" and "Kit Carson," before finally closing its doors in 1959. At last, "Stories of the Century" was not so bad, his business card was short stories based on authentic figures from Western history, mostly Outlaws like Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Wesley Hardin, The Dalton Bros and the like. The late Jim Davis, best known for his role as Ewing's patriarch in "Dallas," did a friendly job in the lead role as Matt Clark, a fictional railroad detective who has to deal with outlaws played by veterans and soon Future character actors. <br /> <br /> Two surprising facts here: the incidents would happen in different timelines, some in the 1880s, some by the turn of the century, but Clark never gets old. Also, Matt is fortunate to host two lovely detectives like Frankie Adams, played by Mary Castle, and his replacement, Margaret "Jonesy" Jones, for Kristine Miller. The Lone Ranger could only wish for lady's company. You can spend so much time with Tonto for so long. <br /> <br /> "Stories of the Century" is a TV production from Studio City of Republic Pictures Corp. 39 episodes were made during 1954, all of which 39 are in the public domain and on DVD.
