ROUEN PRIZES AND THE VILLA PARANOIA TRIUMPH The favorite film of the general public, more important than the jury prize, was Erik Clausen's brilliant bittersweet comedy, "Villa Paranoia", also selected by the European Youth Jury, indicative of its appeal to film buffs of all ages. The following day, actor-director Clausen traveled to the remote town of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for a provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" received three more awards - Best Picture, Professional Jury; Best Picture, Audience Award; and Best film from another jury composed of "lycéens", French high school students. Five awards in a single weekend - not a bad idea for a movie from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD Grand Prix in San Jose, California just a week ago by the distinguished British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), making a total of six awards in a single week. If Lars van Trier has put Denmark on the dogmatic map of the past few years, there is now a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his team of actors will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer that dogmatic dogmatic, which is to say, a great pleasure for young and old. In addition, the protagonist of her film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical presence on the screen that, with a little more exposure, she has a good chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film, written, directed and performed by Mr. Clausen, and employing certain motifs of "The Invalid Imaginary" of Molière. Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, lost a deeply coveted role in Molière's play and, reduced to making a totally stupid TV chicken commercial, is on the brink of suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a large chicken farm sponsoring the place, offers her a full-board job looking after her pushy and senile wheelchair father, Walentin, who has not spoken a word since his wife Stella . committed suicide years before. Anna is the only one who ends up finding a way to communicate with the hostile and silent grumpy - and in addition, finds out that he has pretended deafness and immobility for all those years - a living "Malade Imaginaire". This will make her play the greater part of her own life in order to discover the dark secret that led to Walentin's complete withdrawal from life and reality. Villa Paradise-Paranoia, true to the Moliere tradition of which it is partially derived, is an emotive, multi-layered, serial-comic psychodrama that literally has something for everyone and only needs a proper positioning to achieve the kind of generalism. international reach it deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
