Passionate, dramatic, fascinating as Flamenco itself, the film is simply amazing. It is defined in Bizet's immortal music. The original song is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, the main proponent of the Modern Flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays a musician of the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades co / wrote the script and choreographed this fabulous version of the celebrated opera / opera Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée. He plays a main character Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer who works to retell the story of Carmen in the flamenco style that combines dances with singing and rhythmic palms and has a highly charged dynamic level that attracts the viewers enormously. /> <br /> Bright and graceful Cristina Hoyos whose technical excellence corresponds to the elegant art of her dance shines in the supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer in the company of Gades for twenty years (1968-1988) and starred in three films that Carlos Saura made of Gades' three great shows: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) and "El Love Brujo "(1985). Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in which Antony sees at first glance another Carmen, immortalized by two Frenchmen, the writer Prosper Mérimée in his most famous novel written in 1846 that inspired the world-famous Opéra-Comique by George Bizet . version of 1875. As in opera and in the novel, Carmen's film in Saura is desirable and deadly, the final femme fatale that has to be free above anything else. She could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and would prefer death to submission. There are about 50 cinematic adaptations of history and opera to the screen, and however different they may be, they all have in common the only possible tragic end. The Saura / Gades film is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love the first time I saw her more than twenty years ago and it is as special and beautiful today as it was back then. Highly recommended.
