Undoubtedly one of John Ford's great masterpieces, Young Mr. Lincoln went almost unnoticed at the time of its initial release, it is no wonder why the year was 1939 when many of the greatest films in all of film history had been released , including the most mythical. Western in the history of the genre, John Ford's miracle Stagecoach and many others such as And the Wind Took, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, who took the Oscar in the only category in which Mr. Mr. Lincoln was indicated, which is the original script. It remained the most underrated film of Ford for many years ahead destined to disappear gradually in the shadow of other masterpieces of John Ford, but in the late 1950s film critics and historians Americans and Europeans took a piece of a note written by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about the young Mr. Lincoln where he praised and acknowledged that if he had had the opportunity to direct any American film ever made before then it would definitely be John Ford's Young. Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by an undisputed preference of Eisenstein, critics began to see the film again, but only with slightly different eyes and the reputation of the film has increased since then. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time that the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was brought to the screen. Well in the early 1930s, Griffith did it on his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as the Ford movie, MGM released John Cromwell's, called Abe Lincoln, in Illinois. Interestingly, both were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play, released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. With regard to John Ford's films, we can easily find many references to the life, deeds and even death of the legendary figure of Lincoln in several works of the director, such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Prisoner of Sharks Island, the second, as well as the young Mr. Lincoln, uses Lincoln's favorite music - Dixie as his main theme song. <br /> <br /> The script based on an aforementioned play and the biographies of Lincoln. was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was a rare thing for Ford, but the end result was simply superb - a script that combines elements of the game with various historical facts, as well as myths and legends about the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's life and advocacy culminating in a hilarious but mostly moving judgmental scene that is the highest point of the film and the main generator of laughter and tears where Lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of murder and has to create AND a way to help her mother also when she is brought before the court as a witness and where the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) requires her to indicate which of her children actually committed the murder, obviously forcing her to make an impossible one. choice to condemn one to death and let the other live. Overall, it's a very touching, moving and even funny movie, with a simply magnificent performance of Henry Fonda in his supreme characterization of Abraham Lincoln and with overwhelming wealth of other characters, no matter how small or greats are embodied from the wonderful and clever script and driven by the genius of John Ford in one of his best all-time deliveries. A definite must see for everyone. 10/10
