Mine that a director's intuition can bring in stuff that just needs the right push in the right direction. The young Mr. Lincoln is filled with some "old-fashioned" values, which, in retrospect, despite his two-dimensional portrayal, is at least more respectfully done than can be seen in current journalism. What makes it work so well, in all its simplicity and grandeur, is that it is a truly great drama for the court, under the guise of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know Abraham Lincoln as the 16th President who did emancipation and after the Civil War was assassinated. But as the lawyer in his early years, he was charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places and a true gentleman. He is not a superhero who can not do anything wrong (which was Fonda's only apprehension for the part before signing), but a figure with possible flaws that are overcome by his innate goodness and clear vision of right and wrong . <br /> <br /> It is enough to say that John Ford is exceptional as a storyteller almost without trying. In fact, it's a lie, he tries, but it makes it a bit easy on the studio system; he worked independently while at the same time appealing to Zanuck, so he was practically left alone in his own succinct practices of "editing on camera," and not moving around to stay away from the story. It is this force of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a kind of companion piece to pure blood in 1939, as seen in Smith goes to Washington (here alone is the law and not politics ). <br /> <br /> Fonda is fantastic in leadership - the first with Ford - and never lets us lose sight of Lincoln beyond the makeup and extra push in the shoes. Fonda's own personality, in a sense, as it would in Grapes of Wrath and My Darling Clementine, appears in the character of Lincoln. As improbable as it may be, there is no one else of that period who might have played with him: he is mature and wise, but he has the good sense to prove himself in this case to a confused murderer he saw but killed. Just in small pieces, like that final shot that overlaps Lincoln on the road with his monument, and a couple of small cases during that great parade scene, seems quite old-fashioned. As for the goals set with the young Mr. Lincoln, everyone met with Ford, his team and cast; is not as corny as one might think, and has a strong balance of humor and pathetic genuine.
