1939 is universally accepted as the best year in Hollywood history, with more classic films released than any other, and John Ford directed three of the best, "Stagecoach", "Drums Along the Mohawk", and this beautiful tribute to the days of frontier and a young backwoods lawyer destined to save the Union, "Young Mr. Lincoln." With the world plunging into a war that America feared, but knew it would be attracted to, Abraham Lincoln was very much involved the minds of people in 1939 as someone who faced the same dilemma in his life and triumphed. On Broadway, Robert E. Sherwood's award-winning "Abe Lincoln in Illinois," starring Raymond Massey, played in crowded houses (filmed in 1940). Carl Sandburg's continuation of his epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: The War Years," was published and quickly became a best seller. President Roosevelt often referred to Lincoln in speeches, and the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC, became the city's most popular landmark (a fact Frank Capra put to good use in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" ). /> <br /> All this was not lost on Darryl F. Zanuck, from 20th Century Fox; as he read Lamar Trotti's script about Lincoln's early days as a lawyer, he designated him as a "prestige" production, and appointed John Ford to direct, and Henry Fonda, to star. <br /> <br /> Fonda does NOT want to play Lincoln; he felt he could not do justice to the "Great Emancipator," and feared that poor performance would harm his career. Even a test of filmed makeup, in which he was struck by how much he would look like Lincoln, would not change his mind. According to Fonda, John Ford, with whom he had never worked, cursed him at the first meeting and explained that he was not portraying the Lincoln of Legend but a young "jackanape" lawyer from the country facing his first homicide trial. . Humiliated, Fonda took the role. (John Ford offered a different scenario of events, but the result was the same!) Obviously, they found a chemistry together that worked, since almost all of their peers would produce 'classics'. <br /> <br /> Unlike others. the introverted and melancholy Lincoln of "Abe Lincoln in Illinois," Ford's vision was that of a timid but pleasant young lawyer, who made friends easily and missed the mother he missed, very young (resulting in a bond with a mother pioneer this becomes a vital part of the story). Injustice irritates him and he speaks "good sense" to repress violence, entwined with doses of humor. Both productions touch on Lincoln's (undocumented) relationship with Ann Rutledge; in the Ford version, the two are truly passionate and committed to each other. After his death, Lincoln frequently visited his tomb, to share his life with his "spirit" (a theme that Ford would continue in "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon"). <br /> <br /> A murder trial is the centerpiece of the film, and shows the prodigious talents of the star and director. Fonda deftly portrays Lincoln's inexperience but the fervent belief in justice tempered with mercy, and Ford emphasizes the chasm between the "big city" intellectuals (represented by the pompous prosecutor Donald Meek and his brilliant adviser Stephen Douglas, played by a young Milburn Stone) and Lincoln's informal sense of country. With Ford 'regular' Ward Bond as a key witness, the trial is unconventional, and fascinating. With the closing film as Lincoln walks away into the stormy distance, and its fate (dissolving into a view of the statue at the Lincoln Memorial), the public could console themselves with the film's message that , if a cause is just, then good would triumph. <br /> <br /> "Young Mr. Lincoln" is a truly remarkable movie, an incredible year!
