In his excellent book, Lincoln in American Memory, historian Merrill Peterson calls Young Mr. Lincoln a "boring and terrible film." This incredibly mistaken analysis proves that great historians are rarely good movie critics. I'm working on a doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation to write the dissertation, I have done a careful analysis of this film and the brilliant interpretation of Tag Gallaghers in his seminal book on Ford. The young Mr. Lincoln is the culminating year of the first phase of Ford's filmmaking in 1939. In that great period of Hollywood, Ford directed three excellent films, not yet fully appreciated: Drums Along the Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr. Lincoln. . It may seem strange to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, but the most blind of critics must realize that it is one of the greatest westerns, and perhaps even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. However, what is not fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - a triptych, in fact. Ford is creating a sort of mythical story of America on the screen. Drumming along the Mohawk is the Revolutionary War. Young Mr. Lincoln is pre-war in America. Finally, Stagecoach is the US Civil War. What the three films have in common is that they are an extensive meditation on American Adam and his "mission in the wilderness." What are the psychic and social costs of the American manifest destiny, while America strives to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes the journey of the Americas as it seeks to reconcile civilizational inequality (law) with the freedom of the desert. Mr. Lincoln is not history, (it is full of historical "howlers" - as Ford and Trotti were well aware), but myth - this is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, the desert man, struggling to found a civilization within itself and to become the "remarkable legislator" of the young America. The young Mr. Lincoln is not like the story of James Agee's long-forgotten teleplay about Lincoln, and like the Sandburgs biography, it's an epic poem ... a beautiful epic poem.
