<br /> <br /> Have you ever felt as if you were being watched, as if someone was accompanying every move you make? Well, remember before you decide to break the law, the FBI will always be there. At least that's the feeling you have after watching the thrilling but slightly ripe police drama, The FBI Story. He traces the roots of organizing a small office to one of the world's most modern facilities (in 1959), telling the story through the eyes of one of his agents, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart). <br /> Chip was with the FBI from day one, and he happily puts his work above the rest of the world, even occasionally his family. The FBI story follows his life describing what he does as an agent, and how being affects his personal life. The film does a spectacular job of showing what kind of cases the FBI handles and how they deal with them. The audience watches the Ku Klux Klan riots at Chip Stop, disguises itself to solve a murder / indigenous property scandal, places fugitives in custody, rescues hostages and helps in World War II fighting. He even helped bring the communist spies to justice. Stewart, in a vaguely complex performance, is stellar (as always) as the slightly neurotic agent who loves his job maybe a little too much. One of the best parts of this movie is that we can see the inner workings of Chip's family life and his work. We witness him suffer for the death of his best friend and then his son. We also observed his wife having a miscarriage, and her marriage having difficult times. Almost all of your personal problems are caused by the love of your work. Vera Miles gives an erratic performance, but it's very convincing, though. She was never a brilliant actress, but there was always something very attractive and seductive about her. Well, maybe it's just me? Unfortunately, none of the other performances deserve mention, but the story that caught my attention kept me extremely interested. <br /> <br /> The film's cinematography was impressive, especially the scenes in the South American jungles. All the colors had a texture that really defined the atmosphere of the film. Perhaps most of this film has been the fabulous direction of Mervyn Leroy. Each scene was so fluid they just came together to tell a brilliant story. It's packed with ingenious camera shots, some with a very hitchcockian feel. <br /> <br /> In all, The FBI Story is a spectacular but forgotten movie. With a two-and-a-half-hour clock, some viewers may feel intimidated, but if you have the chance I'd recommend going into it. I enjoyed the spectacular performance of Jimmy Stewart and the captivating story.
