In the G-Men tradition, The House On 92nd Street, The Street With No Name, comes to the FBI's story one of those carefully supervised films that have shown the Federal Bureau of Investigation to the best of its ability. While the director of 48 years, J. Edgar Hoover, was alive, would not be shown in any other type of light. <br /> <br /> Don Whitehead's book on which this film is based is a direct story of the department. from its founding in 1907 until about the time the film The FBI Story was released. It's important to remember at times that the FBI was on the team before J. Edgar Hoover led him. Part of that time is also covered by the film. <br /> <br /> But Warner Brothers was not making a documentary, so to give the FBI flesh and blood, the fictional character of John 'Chip' Hardesty was created. Hardesty, played by James Stewart, is an FBI man who graduated from law school and, instead of committing to practice, got a job at the agency in the early 1920s. In real life, the Bureau was led by William J. Burns of the Burns Private Detective. In fact, it was a grossly political operation, as shown in the film. Burns was on the periphery of the Harding administration scandals. When Hoover was appointed in 1924 to bring professional law enforcement techniques and rigorous standards of competence, he did just that. Through the Hardesty family, which is Stewart and his wife Vera Miles, we see the FBI's history unfolding. In addition, we see much of the family's personal history, which is completely integrated into the FBI's own history. Stewart and Miles are, of course, an all American couple. We followed the FBI through some of the cases with which Stewart is involved, arresting members of the Ku Klux Klan, a conspiracy to murder oil-rich Indians, overthrowing the notorious criminals of the 1930s, their involvement in the seizure of Nazi sympathizers in World War II And against communism. espionage in the Cold War. <br /> <br /> There's a kind of prologue in which Stewart talks to a class at the FBI Academy before going into the agency's history as he intertwines with his. This involves a bomb placed in an airline by a son who bought a lot of life insurance from his mother before the flight. Nick Adams will give you shivers as the perpetrator and the story is sadly relevant today. <br /> <br /> Of course, if the FBI story were written and produced today, it would reflect something different and not so American. Still, the FBI has a story to tell and is by no means negative. The FBI story is not one of Jimmy Stewart's best movies, but it's the first one I've seen with my favorite actor in it so it has a special affection for me. If the entire FBI were made up of Jimmy Stewarts, I'd feel a lot better about it. There is also good performance by Murray Hamilton as his friend and fellow agent who is killed in a shootout with Baby Face Nelson. <br /> <br /> Vera Miles did not marry Stewart, she actually married the FBI as the movie demonstrates. It is more dated, but still has a good and interesting story to tell.
