This is a fun story from the FBI, but it must be seen as fiction because that is exactly what it is. What else could it be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a special participation in the production? James Stewart is excellent as usual, and the supporting cast, with the exception of the talented Vera Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is especially good in a supporting role as Stewart's best friend and best friend. The FBI achievements that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true. What is significant is what leaves out. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the film is the depiction of John Dillinger's death. He is basically portrayed as it happened, but no mention is made of Melvin Purvis, the head of the Chicago department who led the operation. Instead, the operation is described as if the fictional Hardesty Chip was running. It has been said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity Purvis received after Dillinger was killed; Purvis was later transferred to a remote outpost and shortly thereafter left the FBI. This is no doubt because Purvis was never mentioned in the film. But this spectator at least paused to think that if Purvis were treated that way, what about all the agents who conducted all the other operations described in the film. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictitious Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The film is probably accurate in its depiction of FBI activity until the end of World War II. However, after that point, the film would have us believe that the only threat the US faced came from international communism, which is undoubtedly what Hoover believed. No matter the mafia. No matter the lynchings that were still happening in the south. It does not matter that blacks were being bullied to keep them from voting in much of the south. I do not know if the FBI started stapling Martin Luther King at the time this movie was made, but if not, it was not long after it started. <br /> <br /> As I said in the beginning, this is very good entertainment, but it should be seen as the sanitized fiction that it is.
