Drug Years really suffer from one of these aspects for miniseries or other types of TV documentaries that are repeated several times on TV for a few weeks. Actually it's not long enough, in a way. All the major foundations in the decades are covered, and all of them are interesting to note as visions of postmodern history and of different sides. But it hardly covers enough, or at least what is covered is sometimes given once when it could merit more time. For example, the information and details in Part Three about the whole process and the business itself of carrying mass quantities of drugs (in part marijuana, then cocaine) are actually well presented, but there are more details that are kept at the behest of However, the documentary sheds enough light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, the upper classes and the lower classes and the suburbs all felt the tide of various drugs. over the years, and the interaction between all was very evident. No one in the movie - except for the possibility of small tips with the pot - will endorse the drugs right away, but what is shown are those in file clips about honesty of what is sometimes fun, and then tragic, about taking certain drugs . . The appearances of several loyal and ridiculously anti-drug officials hammer a few points - even at an overview of drug cultures and the connection of America as a whole - as there is really only one important point that is sometimes made. by one of the interviewees. The only way to really address the drug issue is not "just say no," because as the war on drugs has shown that it is not as effective as thought. It's just to shed light on all sides about all the drugs and people who may be hypocrites (like, for example, oxiacontin remains on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it with the keen interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some summer summers for young people (that is, my age), who will see much of this as almost ancient history, though most are not more than a generation ago, as well as the "old" ones that may reflect some decades later, about the great peaks, careless times, and then the disillusion provoked more by the same media that years before propagated and published. There are those who may find the documentary particularly biased, which is not entirely false, but it tries to obtain sufficient differences in the social, political, and entertainment conditions of drugs that intertwine (for better or worse obvious) by a sufficient number of vision fascinating.
