With the death of her sick husband, May, an older woman faces a future in an urban world that sees her as invisible, dead from the neck down, and undesirable in the pseudo-sophisticated yuppie homes of her son, Bobby and his shallow wife , Helen and Paula, a self-centered daughter, attached and minimally talented. The central family is anything but warm, supportive and understanding in its new and tragic stage in life with the death of her husband. The Mother is a quiet character study that points out how in some societies the older parent is undesirable and a burden to grown children whose careers and status seek to overshadow everything else. <br /> <br /> When May realizes that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her libido awake and alive with her daughter's boyfriend, a carpenter and a rough guy. May embarks on an uninhibited sexual affair with Darren, whose character is sympathetic to her at first, but her imperfect nature is quickly revealed through the pressures of the women surrounding her. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of role that Hollywood actresses of a certain age regret are never written for them but would never appear because the frankness of the film, overt sexuality, the glamorous wardrobe, the little makeup and social commentary on the insipidity of society that most women in the film industry is staged. The performance of lead actress Anne Reid ranges from quiet to dumb and her interpretation blooms on the monotonous widow's screen to a sexually alive and middle-aged woman with no facelift, hair extensions, and liposuction. She discovers more than her soul to the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is the skillful farmer, Derrek who accommodates mother and daughter. It transforms into another stellar performance that is at first sympathetic to the situation of the widow, but in the end is without redemption as his true nature unfolds and he is literally the cock in a hen house. The inability of her character with no purpose to say no to the ex-wife, boring girlfriend, and her mother is guilty as the root of her ineffectual existence. Although he is good with hands in building a conservatory, he is unable to build meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of Britain's finest films in years, is simply an adult in its history. The Mother is the rare type of movie that may be too honest for the American public to tolerate that there is no car chase, no bling, no rap soundtrack to stifle the performances of TV starlets and scholars. The mother reflects how the aging baby boomers are now disposable people whose children are willing to ignore, send to the nursing home and get out of the way. May does not know what to do while she is experienced by Darren, is unwilling to go to the home of the old, and finds that her children are more conservative than their age.
