This is an excellent film that deals with a potentially exploratory subject with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, previously best known in the UK for her TV roles, including 'Dinnerladies' (a series of Victoria Wood scripts about in-house buffet staff if you're wondering), gives a euphemistic performance in May. 60s bereaved mother of two class adults chatting in a city in the hinterland of London. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies in his visit to the male of the last species (Bobby), and we see the pair being casually received by Bobby and his family. May's teacher, Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw), lives nearby, and the relationship between May and Paula seems closer. So when May decides she can not live in her own home and returns to London, she can stay at Paula's house and play some games with Paula's most appreciative children. <br /> <br /> It's on the visits of May. to Bobby's house, she embarks on a case with Darren, a mid-thirties Bobby's friend who is working on a home extension. In what may be the first major British film to portray him, it is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig) who initiates the encounter and, at least to begin with, it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on the DVD I've seen: differences in IMDb cast list suggest the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the case is dealt with directly, but not exploitatively. More strongly portrayed is the relationship between May and daughter Paula, a newly converted "therapy and self-exploration," which announces that the mummy has never supported her. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she finds the explicit but poor drawings of May and Darren together, things collapse dramatically but in a controlled way. Only in an English film, perhaps, a daughter could announce that she is going to hit her mother, politely ask her to get up and hit her. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, May is being drawn. in a putative relationship with a decent but older member (of his own generation) of Paula's writing group. The contrast between the undesirable sexual relations that followed and her case with Darren is clearly made; it is at this point that May begins to agree with Paula, and Darren's worm begins to change (he reveals that it may have been cocaine after her money, if not all the time, but for some time on the walk). Thus May finds herself superfluous to both her children's needs and finally returns home (but then leaves a jet plane to new pastures). <br /> <br /> The strength of the film is that it portrays a firm but comprehensive truth. the nature of contemporary adult relationships between parents and children, where grief can leave the surviving father feeling lonelier than if he had no one to care for them. This is not new, but the opening of the portrait of sexual need in the 1960s may be. The darkness of the film's content, from a screenplay by Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with the way it is lit (seems to be a perpetual summer), and the overall mood is uplifting - it could easily have been another play in a stern England and rainy The ending may be sub written, since we do not know where May is going or for how long - maybe she's Shirley Valentine with a boarding house, she's certainly not Picasso. Anne Reid is, however, revealed as an excellent actor whose professional life will surely have changed forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (said by Paul Newman), "There goes your image of Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} for good." <br /> <br /> Yes, he: announced October 2005 as the new James Bond.
