It's hard to imagine a director capable of such crazy crap as "Notting Hill" taking away something as sensitive and attractive as that, but well, here's the evidence and it's pretty convincing. Several have alluded to the TV drama, and yes, this has a 70's Play for Today feel, but it's always a cut above, mainly because of Anne Reid's rather superlative acting and a refined script in which the shadow with cliché without ever having one in the nose, except perhaps well in the end. (I did not like the trail of indifferent farewells down the hall, or the final scene of a beautiful day in the morning: it deserved a more studied end than I think, after all this hard work. OTT, in reflection). <br /> <br /> What I mean about avoiding the cliché: well, I at least had an expectation that the "mature" man that May's daughter tries to ride be molded into 2 dimensions like an old and repulsive annoyance so as to point the contrast more painfully with the handsome and virile old man with whom he is competing involuntarily. Instead we have an unexpected subtle and sympathetic participation of a lone, clumsy, not wholly unreasonable and very human subject, who, however, has not much idea about entertaining a woman. It was at this point that I began to sit down and pay more attention. Here was a script that allowed the actors to breathe and do something interesting with relatively small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this respect (except the invented cathars that the latter inexplicably seeks). And of course I was, as everyone probably was, stunned by what Anne Reid does to her character and body. She is / not / "the repressed and obedient housewife discovering herself for the first time", this is very simplistic for the character we have. Again and again, there are allusions that she was a "bad housewife," not to mention the thing she does with trays, trying to sound sweet and graceful and only able to look awkward. Her daughter accuses her of having "been sitting in front of the TV all day" rather than, well, whatever has been her maternal duty: she has no answer. She has never been a model wife and mother, at least not to herself - that is where much of the pungency comes from, the sense that someone wasted a life trying to fulfill a role that she simply was not good at all.
