Children - of any age - do not want to know about the sexual life of their parents. And grown children are often seriously baffled and baffled by any evidence that elderly parents have an active libido. Finally, many viewers are very uncomfortable to see a sloppy, ungainly widow who would go unnoticed almost anywhere, discovering her painful capacity and need for raw passion with a handsome man half his age. provocative look at a poorly filmed reality - a woman who is not ready to stay at home, watch "television", and veal after her husband for almost three decades, and a control, mastering crack in it, packs it with a massive heart attack. <br /> <br /> May (Anne Reid) and her husband have two children, each one dysfunctional in their own way. The male son lives with a beautiful wife who may very well take him to the Bankruptcy Court with his extravagant commercial venture. Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw), is a teacher with aspiring success as a writer. She is attractive, not pretty, and seems to have a close relationship with her mother - in the beginning. Back at her house after burying her husband, May decides not to stay there. Rejecting the typical widowhood with her legacy of boring and adventurous days, she will be with Paula, who has a small child. Paula's boyfriend, Darren (Daniel Craig), is a contractor who seems to be taking too long to complete an addition to the house of May's son. May is heavily involved with Darren, who drank a lot, and who sniffed Coca-Cola, whose treatment of Paula should have warned May that he was, of course, a member of the Royal Academy of Cads. <br /> <br /> What follows is a torrid affair between Darren and the drunken widow and now bubbling alive (dare I say I'm reborn?). The love scenes are graphic, but stand in the background for the pen and ink drawings of the amateur artist May, who then play a role in the engrossing drama (or debacle, make your choice). <br /> <br /> The theater in Manhattan was crowded into early afternoon today, with more than half the audience in the May-May range. That some were shocked or disturbed to see her freeing herself with an erotic abandon in the arms of a much younger man is a euphemism. <br /> <br /> This honest view of the passion of an older woman after decades of obeying her husband's desire for her to stay home and raise children (she also mentions that he did not like her having friends - that face) overcomes several problems. Although May's courtship with Darren does not constitute incest, there are true psychological dimensions, and problems, with a mother giving birth to her daughter's lover. And Paula is not made of the coolest things to begin with. The case, once disclosed, allows the peeling to open the mother-daughter relationship that, from Paula's point of view, left something to be desired. Bradshaw is excellent in the role of a daughter who wants her mother's support, as well as her love - she has not received a terrible hand from life, but neither is she a piece of roses. <br /> May is strong in his decision to recognize his sexuality and hope, in fact demand a future of happiness. But she is also inescapably vulnerable. She is fishing in unknown emotional waters. Who controls her relationship with Darren and why are they difficult questions for her to understand, much less solve. In her sixties, she's still a work in progress. "Something's Gotta Give" recently showed mature sexuality, but in a frighteningly antiseptic way, ensuring that no viewer would be baffled. After all, it's Jack Nicholson and the always beautiful Diane Keaton playing in the world of the rich. And to ensure that no serious psychosocial issue was exploited, Keaton's young girlfriend, Amanda Peet, Keaton's daughter, not only blesses the match, but ensures the audience knows that she and her former self-styled lover never entered the world . bag. <br /> <br /> It's not easy to get out of here. Anne Reid's inspired performance stresses the discomfort in some as it attracts the respect of others. His naked body explodes with sexuality to some, and it seems absurd as an object of physical attraction to others (comments from audience members coming out today reflect all of these points of view). Congratulations to director Roger Michell for addressing a fascinating story with verve and empathy. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
