After the Super Girlfriends and Scooby Doo left the Saturday morning mornings in the fall of 1986, I pretty much stopped watching cartoons in the morning that day, since they were the only ones who kept me in tune. And since neither the Real Ghostbusters nor the Flintstone Kids looked very promising to me, I "retired" and started sleeping on Saturday mornings. I just went back to Saturday morning TV in 1988 for that year just for one and only one lively show. <br /> <br /> A new animated Superman show was something I was not going to miss. I was 17 and in high school at the time, but so what! I loved this show. As I recall, this series was a gift to the fans I suppose to be celebrating Superman's 50th birthday that particular year. There was the theme song and music style reminiscent of John Williams' film score from the Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman films. I honestly felt that the style of animation that Ruby Spears did was reminiscent of the Super Powers Team series: Galactic Guardians of Hanna Barbera a few years before. Unfortunately, Danny Dark was not back as Superman, but I felt that Beau Weaver did a very impressive job, since the voice of Superman and Clark Kent was nerdy as the version of Chris Reeve. After hearing him as Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic in the Fantastic Four of the 90s, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. I LAUGHED A LOT! That rhyme She was voice director for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I think she decided to do Lois. Memories of the SuperFriends remained in this series when it came to voice over the cast. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who on SuperFriends was formerly Firestorm. Perry White is none other than Batman's former TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross, who in SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac at Super Powers shows. And Lex Luthor, now a wise billionaire tycoon, is none other than SuperFriends friend Michael Bell, whom I know best as Zan and Riddler, as well as many other characters in many other series. <br /> <br /> I felt that this series was a combination of the film Superman, along with John Byrne, Superman's re-vision, with Lex Luthor as a billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Martha Kent being alive to see Clark as Superman . . The Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would also do that. Unfortunately, we never saw Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo or Darkseid. Besides Luthor, we saw only the Prankster and saw General Zod. I especially enjoyed this episode with Wonder Woman, which was dubbed by BJ Ward, who played it in Super Powers Team as well. The episodes were incredible and I also enjoyed Clark's growth and development stories from childhood through adolescence to an adult who moved to Metropolis in the small segment, Superman's Family Album. <br /> <br /> The only two things I did not like. It lasted only a season. And after the Wonder Woman spot, I was hoping that Batman would come up with Adam West's voice (Still thinking about Super Powers Team episodes, I think). I also hoped for that, because in the Prankster episode, the Metropolis baseball team was pitted against the Gotham Goliaths. <br /> <br /> Every popular superhero has a cartoon series that is ultra rare. For SpiderMan, I feel it's the 1981 solo series that aired at the same time as Amazing Friends. For the Incredible Hulk, it's the 1982 cartoon. For the Fantastic Four, it's the 1978 series with HERBIE the Robot. For Batman, it's the New Adventures of Batman 1977 from Filmation with BatMite. But for Superman, the rarest series is this. Superman books and documentaries never cover or even mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for the release of the DVD. All in all, this 1988 version of Superman is fine .... Super !!
