The tenants began as a small 1971 novel from the late Bernard Malamud - writer / philosopher - examining the conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the incendiary atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time the book was written. As a novel, the story was really real: transcribed in a screenplay of newcomers like David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs), it is more a cerebral dissertation that gradually comes into action in the final moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book in his hand, but he is currently trying to finish his "latest" book ten years ago. Convinced that he must complete the novel in the same environment in which it was started. he is the only tenant in a condemned building in Brooklyn owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who constantly tries to "buy" Harry's lease, so that the filthy dilapidated building can be demolished. In this atmosphere, another black anti-Semitic militant writer, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), who Harry befriends, hides and offers help to the nascent novelist's attempt to write about the death of all whites. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to the conflict, no less than Harry is meeting up with Willie's girlfriend, white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) at an unfriendly meeting of Willie's black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on the rollerblades and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie hears the designation and is criticized more by Harry, Willie explodes and begins the downward descent not only of a delicate friendship, but also of a competition between writers. The ending "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition, and the human capacity for violence and destruction." The actors do their best with a script that is a bit clumsy, but despite the written lines that border the preaching they create believable characters. Cinematography enhances history, keeping the climate damp and dense and basically confined to the condemned building. The musical score appropriately makes use of the solo jazz trumpet and the blues piano to underline the tension and isolation of each of these unfounded characters. Although it takes patience to overcome the brainwashing, it is worth watching the movie at the end. At least it tries to recreate the bizarre look of Malamud on life in the big city. Grady Harp
