As the directorial debut of Jack Nicholson, Drive, He Said shows at least that he is a talented director of actors. Even when the story may seem lost to the public (and to a modern audience - if you can find it, which appears on eBay from time to time - it may seem freer than you think), the film contains interesting characterizations. The film is about two college kids: the protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, in what borders on a break-out performance), a star of the Leopards, the college basketball team in which he plays. While he has to deal with a trainer (Bruce Dern), who puts pressure to stay focused, and a girlfriend inside and out (Karen Black) with his own emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other boy. Gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than scared at being recruited, and so, in his own radical mind-state, he does what he can to stay out. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his fame and those he loves, Gabriel is overcoming the threshold of sanity. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, on the technical side of things, displays a fascinating editing style that keeps things on edge during basketball scenes, and implements darkness into many other scenes with a documentary feel throughout. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (writer of Chinatown, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible among others, who rarely acts) he accumulates some reliable acting work. Although in Tepper there is a tendency to minimize your emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he can act brilliantly sarcastic, he does not play for what it's worth. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrant and distorted force in his performance, and when it descends it is scary, but perhaps understandable from the times (and what a climax). Dern steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a performance that should have given him an Oscar nomination. Each line of your dialogue is appropriate, true, and never harmed as in the recent presentations of technical films. <br /> <br /> But what drags the film is that the elements that involve the characters are not explained to the extent that you want more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the film to be longer than it was. It is a meager volume with a lot of information, about the times, about the sport, about the underlying feelings that were with those of the younger generation. Nicholson introduces us to these characters and situations, and rarely are they shown for what is motivating them (anti-war protesters not included, their part understandable enough). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a guy who has apprehensions about being drafted into the NBA, and still loves to play, but what is stopping him? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, as the college / basketball experience of the late 1960s was, but this intriguing quality, which leads to some discontent, is kept at a point where it can not go much further. Overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet, and somewhat memorable for its good points, not the lows. And sure enough, you can tell who's behind the lens every step of the way. B +
