"The Lady and the Duke" by Eric Rohmer. could have used a better translation for the title. "The Englishwoman and the Duke", perhaps, would have been more precise. While it is obvious that this film is not for everyone, judging by the comments to this forum, it is worth watching, because despite the intricate pattern of history, Rohmer has created a film that can be seen as an art exhibition in a film. museum. The mixed technology used in the film ultimately works well. The strange story of Grace Elliott, a noble lady who had been a lover of the King of England and the French Duc d'Orleans, holds our attention. The setting is Paris during the days following the French Revolution. The country was in turmoil and power was in the hands of the people, who did not care for the aristocrats. The images show the agitators running with heads of famous people shortly after the trip to the guillotine. The relationship of grace with the duke was over, but she remains a true friend of the great man who is in danger. himself to lose his own head. Grace moves through all the horrors around her without being able to escape. She even has an enemy in her own house, in the form of the cook, Pulcherie, who would not hesitate to denounce her with the slightest provocation. <br /> <br /> Watching the movie sometimes gives the viewer An impression is going on a trip through the Louvre, noting the huge screens that depict this crucial era of French history. Instead of finding that the scanning process is a distraction, we think it enhances the film in a number of ways. <br /> <br /> Lucy Russell, like Grace Elliott, does a great job of portraying this woman who saw a lot during her lifetime. Her French seems to be excellent as it seems she is fluent in him. Like the Duke d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreyfus made a fantastic contribution, making us believe that he is the noble himself without any effort. The support cast was also great. As part of the set, Mr. Rohmer gets good performances everywhere. <br /> <br /> For history lovers, "The Lady and the Duke" will be an interesting movie to watch, thanks to the vision of Eric Rohmer.
