This is an amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, literally embedded his live actors in painted scenarios. Most of the time this works brilliantly, especially in the beginning, where the movie is like a pop-up storybook that comes to life. It is less successful in some scenes where it limits the camera angles (they had not painted the side of some of the buildings for example), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film that is both about our own misconceptions and history as history itself. It is narrated using the memoirs of the ex-duke of Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. Thus, an event generally claimed as one of his by Marxist historians, especially in France, is here reckoned from the point of view of an aristocratic foreign woman. Inevitably, a different point of view arises - there can be no objective representation. The use of the memory device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the story line around the king's death the most interesting. A convinced realist, she is shocked when the Duke votes for the king's death (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful for following the dialogue between Grace and the Duke.) He was Louis's cousin and himself elected to the Assembly, where he promptly changed its name to Philip Equality). The filming of Louis's death is masterful. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, outside Paris, watching from a hill with a telescope. We do not see execution, we just hear the maid's comment, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution happens off-screen. Grace can not stand to see her king being killed. Your opinion is that of an aristocrat. Any justification for Louis's death is literally beyond his vision. This is a powerful and intelligent film. The love story between the Duke and Grace is insinuated, never told, and is moving mightily (though the duke sometimes seems a little foolish and pompous, what does he see in it? Does not account for taste). The undercurrents of madness (simply exist enough to be a suspect) sweeping individuals at a time like the Revolution are illustrated when Grace's life is turned upside down, her house is searched daily, but she still orders her servants They cook her food and she is unable to dress! If you have any interest in a subtle and well-told film, making intelligent use of new technologies to tell an old story, or the depiction of a crucial moment in the history of Europe narrated by an aristocratic foreign woman, her supreme stranger, then this is worth well your time. It is a bit slow in some places, but your patience is amply rewarded.
