Like many Americans, I was first introduced to Hayao Miyazaki's work when I saw "Spirited Away." I fell in love with the movie and saw it many times. Now I'm looking for all Miyazaki movies. One of his previous works is "Castle in the Sky". While still nice, it's not as good as "Spirited Away" (though comparing this or any movie to your 2002 masterpiece may be unfair). <br /> <br /> A young man named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working in a mine late at night when he sees a girl fall slowly from the sky. When she wakes up the next morning, she introduces herself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before he realizes it, Pazu is dragged into an adventure that will lead him to danger with pirates, the army and a lost floating city. Entering a Hayao Miyazaki movie means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many filmmakers have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and admiration like Miyazaki. Watching a Miyazaki movie is like experiencing a fantastic dream from your childhood. Because the film is animated, the dubbing of the film is not a big problem since it is almost impossible to determine whether or not the movements of the lips match the words. It also helps that the translated dialogue is well written and expressed by talented actors. The dubbing is varied. James Van Der Beek does better. It brings an irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of Pazu who is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She is frightened by the events happening around her, but she knows what she has to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as the evil Muska. He's dangerous and wants something from Sheeta, and he'll do anything to get it. The other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is horrible as Dola. Leachman may have won an Oscar for "The Last Picture Show," but she is annoying as a pirate leader. Leachman gives the character a nasty grunt that is almost always monotonous. It's so bad it almost ruins the movie! Jim Cummings is an efficient voice announcer, but he is a villain like the general. <br /> <br /> I definitely recommend seeing "Castle in the Sky". I'll probably end up buying it myself. But even if it's not as good as Spirited Away, it's still pretty good.
