Taken from his original Japanese name LAPUTA (for being an offensive phrase, something that director Hayao Miyazaki did not know at the time), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third animated master's film, and is one of the most beloved of all time . Initially a box-office disappointment in its 1986 release, it has since been embraced by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels," CASTLE IN HEAVEN is a tale of action and adventure about two young orphans - the young mining girl Pazu and the mysterious Sheeta girl (who wears a magic crystal around her neck) - who come together to find the long-lost island of Laputa, which is rumored to have great riches and precious stones. They are aided by a bunch of airy but friendly pirates led by the quarrelsome Dola (who at first persecutes them, and who end up becoming true allies) and persecuted by the government led by its villain and secret agent, Muska, who wants the power of Laputa for their own benefit. <br /> <br /> For those looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice, presenting the right amount of humor, exploration, admiration and mystery. to keep an interested. The work of art, though not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later films, is fantastic and beautiful enough to watch with imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes, and breathtaking flight sequences that will make the person feel silly And while the characters who populate this tale are less complex than the other works of Miyazaki, each has a memorable and captivating personality that stays with the viewer long after the end of the film. Dola, in particular, contributes to a great comic book character, shouting orders to her stupid kids at one point and protecting Sheeta in the next. Muska is one of Miyazaki's few creations to appear as an irredeemable villain, but like Dola, he commands all scenes with a sinister charisma that is both seductive and cold. <br /> <br /> Fans of anime have often likened this movie to Gainax's science fiction adventure series, NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. After all, both works share similar elements of story and character ... not to mention that both were created by Miyazaki himself. Where both differ is in their execution. Nadia, though charming for the most part, suffered a wrong turn in her midway, returning to caricature nonsense that practically distracted her from the main plot, although they had a strong ending. THE CASTLE IN HEAVEN, on the other hand, remains consistently fun and focused for its two-hour time, and it's even better for that. Although the film's epic tone is sometimes interrupted by a few "caricature" moments, such as a fight between Pazu's boss and one of Dola's sons, it's never about to diminish the film. Around 11 years ago, Disney released an English version with a cast of big names like James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill and Mandy Patinkin, as well as a few appearances of veterans like Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. He also features an ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi's wonderful soundtrack for a Seattle Music Orchestra performance (interestingly, the man behind this resurrection is none other than the composer himself). As much as the purists shouted blasphemy over this version for their occasional extra dialogue and the abovementioned rescue, Miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, say he applauded rework, and for good reason, because the newly recorded song is truly the star of the new dub. While there are some cases where the completion of some silent scenes of the original Japanese is a bit shocking (especially the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), the overall rework is fantastic and in many ways enhances the original, particularly in scenes like when a robot attacks a fortress and climactic moments at the end. Here, Hisaishi displays his musical versatility and genius to combine music with visuals. <br /> <br /> For presentations in dub, leads are probably on the shorter side of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu sounds significantly more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that sometimes floats (a problem that really works in favor of the character). That said, both do good work in general and provide reasonably believable chemistry. It's the animated support cast, however, that really makes this dub a lot of fun, particularly Dora de Cloris Leachman and Muska by Mark Hamill. Both are perfectly listed and steal all the scenes in which they are; as with the rescore, these two really deserve to hear the Disney dublo. The adaptation of the script borders on the loose side sometimes - there are a few extra lines and / or comments (some of which are inestimably funny and some a bit exaggerated) - but at least one debatable change (Sheeta's speech in the climactic confrontation "the world can not live without love", unlike the original "you can not survive the part of Mother Earth"), the global characters, history and spirit remain quite faithful to the original. Overall, it makes no sense to compare the Disney version to the original language range; each one places his own stamp on this legendary masterpiece and I like both. (They are also better than the most literal but terribly robotic, lifeless, agilely acted and poorly written voice actors of the late 1980s; do not believe anyone who says this version is "superior" to Disneys - trust me , the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> Either way, however, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. It is one of Miyazaki's greatest of all time, and I highly recommend it.
