I just realized that I've been using the IMDb for years and never reviewed my favorite movie. Please do not want to say something I like for now, I want to say that this movie is so supernaturally perfect that there is never another exciting experience to play it. This is obvious because I will never be a child again; I saw this movie on ITV in the early nineties. I was 12, which is the age group for which this movie is directed, I am also male, the genre for which this movie is intended (the overwhelming majority of the protagonists of Miyazaki are women). Consequently, this film has inspired my infantile psychology indelibly and I am eternally grateful to Carl Macek (sp) for producing the English dub of this film that is far superior to the DiNey production that is not even funny - I have never been able to watch this - of course the caption is the only way the Macek version is finally so good (the voices almost corresponding to the original Japanese actors) that this version is available on the Japanese DVD! It is not available in any distribution in an English-speaking country. Go figure. <br /> <br /> There are hundreds of competent reviews, so I'll put some curiosities here, not that I'm the definitive information file for this movie. First, I would like to agree with the reviewer, who stated that you need 20 out of 10 to review the Miyazaki movies - they are so in their own league that they do almost the entire catalog on IMDb combined pale in insignificance. <br /> <br /> The fascinating story with this film is that Miyazaki based the countryside around the Slag Canyon (Pazu area of ​​the city) in the Welsh mining communities. He visited Wales for a few months in the early 1980s (may be in the late 1970s) soon after one of the major mining attacks. Being an avid defender of the student socialist movements in the sixties, he felt his situation. The struggle between the inhabitants of the city and the pirates at the beginning serves to illustrate this empathy with the worker. The countryside and the clouds, especially in this movie, remind me of where I grew up while your movie portrays a costumed version of the hills of the Midwest of the British Isles. <br /> <br /> The island is, of course, Swift's satirical genius. eighteenth-century romance - the story of Swift's book is deliberately ridiculous. In Castle in the Sky, Miyazaki interweaves myths like Atlantis and the Tower of Babel - I think the architecture, moreover, is based on Peruvian ruins, although I'm not sure, someone told me that. <br /> <br /> Anyone who can read this review and who really likes this movie will REALLY want to check Miyazaki's epic series, Mirai Shounen Conan - Future Boy Conan - based on the short science fiction novel "The Incredible Tide" by Alexander (novel available online). Conan is basically a prototype for Pazu and Shita of Laputa. Also, you may not be familiar with your previous work for the Masterpiece Theater - some of its key-frame animations. He also did key frame for Sherlock Hound - this one has some of the best scenarios I've ever seen too. Check out also the first feature film for Miyazaki and Takahata, Horus Prince of the Sun (1968) - surprising by today's standards. What else ... Gauche, the cellist, and The Flying Phantom Ship - though they are very rare. <br /> <br /> This movie is a gift, I do not know what we would do without it with all that other crap of history, it's like an oasis. Arigatou Miyazaki-sensei!
