Castle in the sky is undoubtedly a Hayao Miyazaki movie. After seeing it for the first time, I'm glad to say it does not disappoint. On the contrary, you earn your time, which means (as for the Miyazaki movies), nothing less than excellent! Produced early in her film career, Castle in the Sky anticipates many of the trademarks in her later films, with strong (but young) female characters forced to grow due to external circumstances, aided by characters very interesting (and sometimes amiable) support. And, of course, the usual battle of nature against civilization, flying machines (much of it !!), beautiful landscapes painted ?? but unfortunately, there are no pigs (at least that I noticed, after all I only saw it once). Never before had Miyazaki made his film debut two years earlier with Nausicaa, which was a rehearsal for Princess Mononoke, his magnum opus. Castle in the Sky is a bit different from these two, with a soft action packed in the first 30 minutes, resembling their TV series Conan, and their directed episodes of Meitantei Holmes. Here we are introduced to Sheeta, a girl who literally falls from the sky, only to be found by Pazu, a young boy who works in a small rural mining town. Intrigued by her amnesia and suspecting a connection between her and the mysterious flying city of Laputa, Pazu is determined to help her find out where she came from while escaping from the army and a gang of air pirates. As the movie progresses, the story gets heavier and much more interesting, revealing Myiazaki at its best. The soundtrack is very reminiscent of Spirited Away, (or vice versa, as Castle in the Sky was first produced), and much like its director, Joe Hisaishi _the composer_ begins with a very light score , which gets more complex and more beautiful as the plot progresses! <br /> <br /> A note for dubbing in English, with a good interpretation of the two main stars, although Anna Paquin's Sheeta has a very strong accent (which the actress still possessed at that time in her career), and a Head-Up for Mark Hamil as Muska, compensating for a deliciously yet devilish villain! <br /> <br /> Do not miss this folks!
