The second film by Hayao Miyazaki, and his first to be widely acclaimed commercially and critically (though his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans to be his best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the Sky 'It may seem childish and simplistic compared to its more recent works like' Kiki's Delivery Service ',' Mononoke-hime 'and' Spirited Away ', but in 1986 it was years ahead of its time and was one of the milestones of modernity. anime It is important to remember that 'Castle in the Sky' was made two years before the revolutionary 'Akira', and while not provocative and controversial as the above-mentioned masterpiece, the main characters are all characters from hero / heroine / manga villain , and the story is fairly predictable and obvious (at least by today's standards), Miyazaki's projects and animation work are of standards never seen before. While the story and humor are a little silly and sometimes outdated, the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable - if not as dazzling as "Spirited Away". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the pictures themselves and ignore the low budget colors and animations and the identical twins - at this point, Miyazaki is still true to his roots and the agreed standards of Japanese cartoons - you will see the genius of Miyazaki shine as well as in Spirited Away and Mononoke. While 'Castle in the Sky', being a science-fiction adventure and very child-friendly, fits more sharply with classic anime than anything else it has done ever since, its motives and principles still show and play an important role . To say much more would ruin the movie, so I'll shut up. Suffice it to say that I am only giving nine stars, because if I gave ten, I could not go higher for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. And that would be a crime. Like most anime movies, I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a word in Japanese - English overdubs simply do not tend to be very good , and in this case is horrible. You may want to watch it on the English version once, just for laughs, and for the star-studded cast (the English dub was only recorded after the success of Spirited Away, as it was for Kiki's Delivery Service) ) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, Dawson!) Fill in the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Star Wars' Luke Skywalker, in case you do not know!) Performs the villain and other roles are filled by Andy Dick , Three MacNeille (Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Kevin Costner's Robin Hood Farce Frei Tuck) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a laugh, or some laughter really. But watch the Japanese first.
