Listening to the soundtrack at the moment, the images come back with a sharpness that makes my longing for a very strong dry eye (to be able to type this). I've seen it twice so far, and I should have been ashamed to have seen it * only * twice. <br /> <br /> I've seen all the Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli movies, and they're invariably nothing less than masterpieces. (except perhaps for Nausicaa which was, even in the uncut version, very premature compared to the nec-plus-ultra manga). Still, their strength sometimes becomes their weakness, since they tend to become very naive / positive (Chihiro), or, more nuance, somewhat explicit / moralistic (Mononoke). At least, compared to for example the other master of Ghibli Takahata (Tomb of the Fireflies / Only Yesterday / Racoon Wars). But not this one. In Laputa, Miyazaki sheds all the brilliant narrative that storytellers have gathered and perfected over the ages, combined with a bit of morality, but well intertwined not just with a completely transcendental one. atmosphere, but also with the humor and fun of eg Totoro. Each main character is perfectly portrayed with their doubts and fears and their qualities that help them overcome difficulties. The rhythm is so perfect that I know nothing but a black hole that would be able to exert such a gravitational pull throughout your being. The story begins as an action with the suggested mysteries, but when the girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating with the stone, and the main theme comes on the scene, you have a glimpse of the great mystery you are about to discover. , but history sets in and gradually over a series of carefully selected scenes of action and serene beauty, builds an unforgettable climax of melancholy, hope, beauty, after dark days, finally seeing the horizon on a clear morning. , knowing that the way he walked, seeing the distance ahead, but smiling with the simple fact of being able to glimpse it. <br /> <br /> It's so like a white light exploding in your skull that, if by the time When the credits start rolling, you keep your eyes dry and your mind numb, you should see a therapist. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that, technically, the image of some more recent Miyazakis may be more overwhelming, this holds for me its undisputed masterpiece. If you take a fraction of a second to realize that this was done in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that Hayao Miyazaki is a genius as a star who appears only once every 200 years. This, of course, has been suggested before, but for me this is his only film that can, by itself, fully illustrate this simple fact. If you lose it during your life, you will die with a huge gap - which would be a pity, since the coffin costs the same.
