Have you ever wished you could escape your monotonous and stressful life at school or work and engage in a magical adventure with one of your closest friends at your side, facing all kinds of dangers and villains, and unraveling the mystery of a lost civilization Are you just waiting for someone to find out all your secrets? Even if you are not much of a fantasy lover, have you ever wished you could simply experience what it is to be a child again, and not be careful in the world for just a few hours? <br /> <br /> This is exactly what Miyazaki's "Castle in Heaven" is. Pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day a girl named Sheeta falls from the sky like an angel and takes him on a journey to a place far beyond the clouds. the whole time they have pirates and military units in their wake. Simply put, it's just the incredible adventure every child dreams of at one point or another, and I can not help but feel my worries fade away every time I see it. <br /> <br /> As one of Miyazaki's oldest works and takes up a lot of space in the everyday world, the film is not as visually spectacular or deep in its plot as Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle, or even the Princess Mononoke. Still, I find it difficult to say that any of these films is superior to the other, because the three films are, at one point or another, mystical to the point of being enigmatic, if not disconcerting, especially to the younger ones. viewers. "Castle in the Sky", on the other hand, does not try very hard to be an allegory of any kind, nor is it a maturing story; Instead, it is possibly one of the best representations of the inner mind of a child I have ever seen. It is not only the beautiful work of art, but the use of the perspective of children's eyes is simply fantastic; whether the panoramic "camera" to see the huge trees or the clouds on high, or the incredible sense of height of looking at the ground or the ocean, while hundreds of meters in the air, I just can not help feeling like I am there with Pazu and Sheeta, just a child in another world, far from reality. <br /> <br /> Even children do not have a complex relationship that suggests a need for hope like Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is the angel of Pazu, having literally fallen into his sky life one day, the absolutely perfect person for him from the beginning. As the movie progresses, more and more of your true adventurous childhood spirit comes out through your gentle words and beautifully realistic facial expressions. Not only are they a lovely memory of who I used to be, but their captivating friendship never lets the whole movie go by, getting stronger and stronger until the last picture. For this reason, I fell in love with them more than any other Miyazaki couple. <br /> <br /> At the same time, "Castle in the Sky" is such an accessible movie. because no matter what kind of casual viewer you might be, you will surely find your fix here. Mystery, action, drama, comedy, suspense, science fiction, romance, even some western ... it's all here, pretty much everything people go to the movies (except perhaps horror). That's why I can easily recommend it as a first Miyazaki movie; is perfect for those who have no expectations of ever having seen the incredible other world of some of their latest work. <br /> <br /> Even the final song of the film, when translated into English, conveys the sense of desire for the discovery of some kind of lost civilization, and some kind of soul mate, which could not be found in our worldly lives. "The reason I long for the many lights is that you are there in one of them ... The earth spins, carrying you, carrying the two of us who will surely meet." Miyazaki has always provided poetic lyrics to make final songs of Joe Hiasashi's wonderful scores, but that's the only one I've seen that is both a touching love song and an inspiring dream. I found myself close to tears just listening to him. "Castle in the Sky" may not be the most developed, spectacular or significant work of Miyazaki, but it is absolutely perfect for what it really ought to be. : a true vision of the infantile fantasy and a wonderful escape from reality for any adult who wishes to have the same wonderful sense of imagination that they had when they were just small and carefree children. Sit back, relax and love it for what it is.
