It is always difficult to put a stamp on any movie as being "the best", be it of all time, a certain genre, or what you have, but I believe a strong argument could be made that, in fact, Laputa is the greatest animated film. always done. It is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most gifted of animation directors in Japan, and best captures his strengths as a director, storyteller and designer, as well as encapsulating all his favorite themes. The version I'm reviewing is the American dub of 2003 (I know, sacrilege by a hard-core anime fan not to watch it in its native language); there is at least one other English language dubbed there, I have it on VHS (I have no idea what source), and that version is the best dubbing I've ever encountered in any movie. But I thought it best to focus on the version that people can actually find. Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek), who is growing up in a mining town when one day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. It seems she is being pursued by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal hanging around her neck. To keep things lively, there's also a perversely funny gang of pirates after the crystal, led by the aging but still noisy Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the legendary flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures. It's all very much in keeping with a fairy tale scenario, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is peppered with moments of 'gosh-wow' and threaded with his usual morality and warnings about the abuse of the power of nature The design work in Laputa almost twenty years later is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds abound, utterly impossible, but so meticulously designed that you accept them instantly without blinking. The world takes place sometime in the early twentieth century, with telegraphs and vintage cars alongside those wonderful, impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself that is pure brightness in execution; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven itself, and in this juxtaposition lies his appeal, his power and his danger. In addition to being a carefully designed and beautifully rendered film, Laputa is blessed. with a wonderful sense of cinematography. From sweeping flying shots to high-speed chases in tiny tracts of a man to ships submerging in the clouds like water, Laputa displays a range that most movies? even with the magic of CGI ?? You can only dream about it. Although we see only a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the edges of the painting and we have no difficulty believing in it. The movie also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, action sequences: a guardian robot that crashed on Earth is accidentally reactivated and wreaks havoc on the fortress in which it is kept while trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who woke up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates invest in their little flying machines to steal it, literally, from the clutches of destruction. From the horrible vision of the robot that incinerated the field to the thrilling rescue of the last second, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles and know exactly how far to take the audience. <br /> <br /> This helps Laputa has an incredible score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, the dewy innocence, the thrilling action, and the chilling strangeness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guardians. Although he has re-recorded for this DVD release (which the IMO is not an improvement over his original score), adding pieces here and there, the score perfectly matches the visuals, a rare total union of sound and vision. <br /> This is not a bad dub. I'm overly fond of the oldest English dub, and this super explains things a little bit in a few places, but I was almost shocked at how much those voices were alike (and those matched very well with the Japanese). Dola, in particular, is hard to hit, but Leachman is in place like the old pirate (his kids are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I knew it was early, is more than talented enough to do Muska (I liked Muska's English dub a little more, but Hamill is good). Much of the film rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Hearing it made me think that this crew must have had access to the other English dub, because the VDB matches very closely with the original Pazu. While re-watching a dub is a reason for excommunication among the faithful otakus, as much as I love this film, I do not think you're sacrificing a big deal simply by watching that particular Anglicized version. John Lassiter, from Pixar, presents this beforehand, and my suspicion is that he, like so many others, simply loves this film so much that they have tried so hard to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has had success in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films I did not like), but for me Laputa is still his greatest achievement. Anyone familiar with your later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again, this movie is a master at the top of its form, hitting all the cylinders. I would pay a lot to be able to see this on a big screen; while this will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic was preserved on DVD.
