So far you've probably heard a little bit about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic movie, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. During the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" in a video that included a preview of Laputa's stuntman saying he was due in 1999. It is obvious that it has passed that year, but the dub was finally concluded. And it's not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", only "Castle In The Sky" for dub, since Laputa is not such a good word in Spanish (though they use the word Laputa many times throughout the dub). You have probably heard that world-renowned composer Joe Hisaishi, who originally scored the film, came back to rescore great music with new arrangements. Laputa left before My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa from Valley of the Wind, which began Studio Ghibli and his long string of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best films, with a powerful lesson within that two-hour, four-minute gem. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a film for all ages and I ask everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with the story of Castle in the Sky, start at the beginning and not for the next two hours. The narrative is so perfectly and masterfully conceived, you see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's a fantastic one. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with an infernal past while she is held captive by the government on an aircraft. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a long lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred pendant that is sought after by many, namely the government, the military and the group of air pirates, the Dola gang (which Sheeta and Pazu later make friends). Soon, the pirates attack the ship and she escapes during the attack. It falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is smooth and thanks to its pendant. As she floats from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives working the mines, sees Sheeta and the handle. The two quickly become friends, but thanks to their pendant, the two engage in a great adventure as the gang Dola and the government try to capture Sheeta. One sequel to action after another, we learn all the character's motives and identities as we build the emotional, action-packed climax that will surely appeal to everyone with its fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. More a little sinuous surprise. I think this movie is simply remarkable and worth it for two hours and four minutes in length. The story is wonderful, when we come to the animation of Hayao Miyazaki, which has no limits. Movie setup is a combination of many time periods. It seems to happen in the late 1800s, but it is an alternating universe that possesses advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The film has many hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action that the film performs. I think the funniest part is a fight scene where Pazu's boss confronts a pirate, and right after a riot breaks out. It's funny to see men comparing their strengths and the music fits perfectly with that. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how dubbing rates. An excellent cast gives great performances to bring these characters to life. Teenage heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice than in the Japanese version, where in the original he sounded more childish. Anyway, I think his voice is a good fit for Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of "The Piano," plays Sheeta. This is also a good performance, but the voice is a little irregular, it does not hold true to an accent. Sometimes she sounds as American as an apple pie, but other times she looks like someone from New Zealand. The performance that I liked the most, however, was by Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is this an excellent performance, but the voice and emotion it gives the character really gives life to it. If there ever was a live action movie from Laputa (Gd does not allow it), she would be the one to play it, you can imagine it on paper (well, a little). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another Hamill high-performance performance. You may be familiar with Hamill from a long line of voice work after he made the original Star Wars movies, but he turned Muska into a complete evil. His voice sounds like his normal voice and Joker mix, which he played through many episodes of the animated series of Batman. Complementing the cast is actor Jim Cummings, who does a great job as the general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me talk about what you really do. this special dub, the newly arranged song of Joe Hisaishi! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi makes music and, like all Miyazaki movies, the music is very memorable. Each of their scores has their own personas that fit perfectly into the movie in question. Now these new arrangements he made are more "American like", which I think was the purpose of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic songs of the Japanese version are still in excellent shape. The score, to me, sounds like it's a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. The prologue to the film, the first few seconds we are presented to the airships, has some new songs (I'm not sure, but I believe that when we first saw the ships, there was no music at all). But most of the music has new scenarios and more background music to enjoy. Things seem so much improved. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. In a calm scene, it is quieter. Overall, I think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements and mixes, I personally did it personally, and personally I think this helps to improve the movie. I prefer the new score on the old one, and I hope Disney releases or authorizes the song rights to a full soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another positive side of dubbing is that the story stays true, and much of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure that some rows have changed, and that's the same, the rows have changed. But most are near or exactly to the original lines and dialogues that Miyazaki wrote. I feared that some fine lines would be slaughtered, but they were there intact. Some new lines have been added and help. But I'm not sure if I consider this a good or bad thing, Disney did NOT translate the final song, it was in Japanese. I was mortified when they did completely new songs for the dublo Kiki, but with this version is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good, it's still the original, but bad, since most people watching this dub speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a big negative point in this dub, and it deals with how the voices combine with the character's dub lips. Of course in any dub will not be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke the dubbing of lines to match was much better executed (and Disney had a little more time with that ...). Sometimes it all blends in perfectly, sometimes it does not blend completely, and in a rare case, someone says something and their lips do not move (there's a scene where Sheeta laughs and her mouth does nothing. /> As for the things about the movie itself, those are my thoughts. <br /> <br /> I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. <br /> <br /> From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed that you just have to watch it with admiration.You see the true nature of each character, the true detail on your face with close ups and extreme actions.You have to give a ton of credit for the effort these animators put into this movie.Everything is so good made and beautifully drawn by hand, is like a moving piece of art.And to think that this was done in the mid-80s. The animation is very different from Disney, Ghibli has its own characteristic brightness that is very different but very good And after all these years, the colors look more vibrant than ever. Laputa also has tons of action sequences, many aerial combat and some on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so intriguing, it's scary that they are comparable to a big-budget action movie. And the ending is just something you MUST see. The sound effects are pure blasts and classic and fit, guns firing and all the more well. And like all Miyazaki movies, each focuses on a different theme (eg, Kiki: Confidence). This has a great lesson on greed and power. People do not realize how greed can take over you, and how having too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power, and they are greedy, and the main villain, Muska, shows that much. <br /> <br /> Altogether, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie to start, and now it's mostly improved. I'm glad a more mainstream audience now has the chance to see this classic movie in all its glory. With a great voice cast that put a lot on the film with Joe Hisaishi's great remade soundtrack, Disney has done a good job on this dub and is quite decent. Although I think the voices have best matched the mouths in the stunts of Kiki and Princess Mononoke, Castle In The Sky is still a great dub and worth the long delays because now more can atone for a fantastic movie.
