Whatever personal opinion one may have of Walerian Borowczyk's grotesque but beautiful "La Bête" gem of 1975, one must admit that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. Borowczyk's erotic fairy tale has been banned in several countries for a long time, and it is quite obvious why this controversial jewel was the victim of stunned movie censors. "La Bête" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, quite explicit eroticism and genuine strangeness that bravely refuses to accept any compromise. The fact that bestiality (beastiality) is one of the central themes of the film certainly did not help with the censors, but made it highly controversial and therefore known to a wider audience. Pierre de l 'Esperance, the head of a French aristocratic family, managed to have his somewhat demented son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), his daughter young and beautiful of a rich English family. Due to an ancient curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against marriage. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French estate, Lucy immediately becomes fascinated with a portrait of the 18th-century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane), and an old book depicting bizarre drawings. The story soon falls into a bizarre sexual febrile dream ... Without giving much, I can say that exceptional movie fans should not think about losing this movie. As bizarre as it may be, "La Bête" is undoubtedly also incredibly beautiful in style, scenery and cinematography. The feverish-dreamy atmosphere is present inside and outside the sequences of dreams. The forest estate and the imposing family mansion are magnificent settings, and the beautiful trail and the incredible cinematography build an irresistible atmosphere for this grotesque tale. Very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, sweeping actresses) to seriously insane and even disgusting (close-ups on the genitalia of horses during intercourse, ...); in both cases, it is not likely to be overlooked. The whole cast of "La Bête" is fantastic and all involved feature great performances in eccentric characters (some of whom are seriously insane). The film is profiting from an exceptionally beautiful cast, whether it be Lisbeth Hummel in the lead, Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of AIDS in 1999) as the ancestor in the dream sequences, or the relatively unknown, but especially sweeping actress Pascale Rivault, who plays the aristocratic daughter who always takes the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a closet. <br /> <br /> I am intentionally not giving a full description of the most important parts of the plot as they simply have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are among the most bizarre ever captured in movies, the scenes with the eponymous "beast" definitely between them. Certainly not everyone is a cup of tea, but highly recommended for controversial and unusual movie fans. A real gem of worship!
