The Polish film Walerian Borowczyk, La Bête (French, 1975, also known as The Beast), is among the most controversial and courageous films of all time and also excellent. This film tells everything that has usually been hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature in particular with the symbolism and silence of their images. Images may look wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but they are all related to the last ones mentioned. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primary things and dominate all the flesh that has a human soul within it. They interest us and tempt us so powerfully (and by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable, and something too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A young and sophisticated woman travels with her mother to a French countryside to meet. her husband about to become who with her had a letter affair of some sort. Everyone is very exciting and parents and relatives of each other wait impatiently to see the new people coming to their families. The innocence of the young bride glows and nobody knows what can happen and wakes up inside the walls of the great and beautiful French mansion, with all its human beings and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" that ends up being something that the characters, nor most of the audience of the film, could never have imagined to be real and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> The film is about the same theme as the Canadian feature film David Cronenberg, Shivers (1975). , which takes place inside a huge luxury building where destructive and bloody parasites spread from human to human through sexual contact and make people act furiously and violently in their desire for pleasure and instinct. The human has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will and that is why these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of some other animal, a beast, whether by bloodlust, revenge or sex, and carnal pleasure. Humans are only animals that have intelligence and tools to transmit it, but as we are animals, this intelligence is not always used too much, as can be seen anywhere around us. The film opens a lot, and very shocking to most hypocritical attitudes, showing a furious angry male horse as he waits to enter the mare and continue the run, but the anger and the visible lust we see from his eyes and violent movements are key elements of that beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of organs as they could be so easily claimed. The horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in the heat that is much stronger than his will, since he has no more control at that point. The power of instinct makes an animal a beast. <br /> <br /> After the memorable start, the characters are introduced, and the film has all the necessary ages within the innocent children waiting to grow. and develop their flower, for adults and seniors who all represent their own part of life, creating the face of human life on the screen. A film does not necessarily need more characters, since all the most important ones are already there and represent the whole race, including the urban and rural inhabitants, and both sexes. The mansion makes the protagonist's sexuality wake up when she sees the horses joining and acting like she obviously never imagined. For the first time she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital to her and her body, like catching water when she is very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she lived unconscious of these things inside her, with her mother and camera and a letter boyfriend, even if things have just waited the moment to explode. Meat desires meat and this belongs to being a humanimal, but still these things are not so readily admitted everywhere and movies like these that try to describe it is banned for decades? Man's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret images should not be an argument for a film being banned or violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the movie are as important as the beginning, and once again show how powerful the cinema is without words and unnecessary conversations. As the girl and audience realize what their bodies begin to feel and desire, they begin to have dreams about the mysterious beast that is none other than the naked form of ourselves, having lived in the forest without other people / beasts near it . . The dream sequence is what causes and causes most of the controversy, alongside the honest and honest attitude of the film, and the images are so easy to judge as "perverse" and "pornographic," without the courage to go deeper in them. reactions of character and thoughts behind what we see. The images are exciting in his dream and also in the dream of the human character (more) of the dream, and Borowczyk forces us to admit him with images so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman, which is one thing beautiful and expression of love, another human need. Also the numerous and cleverly blackly humorous love that makes scenes inside the mansion, between the young mother and the black servant, is interrupted many times as someone shouts to the servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two human young bodies being together and being interrupted with a cry of anger at least does not become more pleasing by the interruption. Borowczyk was able to paint his images so beautifully and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to misunderstand, but nothing seems impossible to our cultures and minds that criticize art. It uses the dialog only when it is needed, otherwise the images do the job and make the movie powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there, when the flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, it dies. The ending is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could also have been so powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" ending. Another element of black humor comes when we see the city women stunned running out of the place where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the mansion of truth about meat, us and them. The film reminds me of the story of the eye of the French writer Georges Bataille, with its same themes about eroticism, death and how both are always linked to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic, just like this movie, and of course both have been blamed for their "very explicit" content and other similarly noteable superficial comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is also very beautiful visually alongside his film. raw honesty, and nature and the forest rarely seemed so bright and brilliant as in this movie. The sun shines through the trees and into all the places where humans live, and the beauty of it is always present, as is the ugliness that comes from the inhabitants of the world. For all innocent white sheep there is a selfish, evil, and horrible beast in our world and that is why the intelligence that has been given to us never seems to completely overcome the power of our evil instincts and the other side of the sheep present within all soul human. It is about how many can keep the black side passive and not active. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and using that intelligence and seeing which of the instincts are good and which are bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence, and the lethal and destructive circle created by it. Human is no more than an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and consumed in the background by things that feel better and more satisfying in every moment and perhaps sudden. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, unforgettable and intelligent, with an ageless theme and also an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a filmmaker, who is also only human.
