OK ... this is weird ... Honestly, I can not tell you all the internal plot points of THE BEAST because I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 minutes or so - but just wait, he definitely "catches" ... <br /> <br /> The plot involves something about a monster in the forest that a French aristocrat girl has turned around during the day. Eventually, you see "THE BEAST", which looks like a guy dressed in a giant rat bear costume with a horse stick attached to it. The scene happens to the aristocratic woman running through the forest in search of a lost sheep. The sheep is dead and the woman is afraid. THE BEAST appears, rapes the girl and shoots 400 gallons of courage into it. Eventually the girl begins to appreciate the "attention" of the beast that results in simulated sex scenes, including an erotic scene of masturbation in the feet where the woman shakes the beast with her feet while the monster shoots more everywhere (yes, I I have a fetish of twisted feet - so sue me ...) ... The whole movie is told in flashbacks and long dialogue scenes that tend to be a bit boring. A "shocking" but predictable ending concludes this extremely strange film ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a film that I find difficult to assess. The cinematography itself is quite attractive and the sets, costumes and locations are elaborate. The plot is a little complicated and seems to take it very seriously for what turns out to be a hilarious movie, unintentionally, about a puppy boning a mouse bear. A nice piece of breasts, ass and hairy French from the 70's to help make up for the first half of the movie. I have to honestly say that if it were not for the graphic scenes of BEAST spackling across the maid willingly, this movie would have been a real hassle - that is, unless you like dull dialogue and some graphic sex with horse (the beginning has a very close and personal scene of two boning horses, including a pulsating female horse vagina and covered in courage ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so weird and such a refreshing change from the rest of the movie, I have to say that those scenes alone make up for what otherwise would have been a real snoozer. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - the BEAST rape really is out there and something to be witnessed. Also recommended for all fans of sleaze movies from the 70s / 80s - this one is pretty loud with them. It's worth looking at you lovers of the beast-bear bestiality out there (like me) ... 8/10
