If, like me, you like your movies to be unique, and unlike most other movies, then I recommend you check out The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic and fanciful fairy tale that revolves around a mythological "Beast" that, according to rumors, wanders through the gardens of a French mansion and covets women. The film is very bold with the subject's material, and that's something to give credit to. The theme of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for good reason, I must add; but the film conveys this; Straight to the point. Like other films dealing with a taboo subject at its center, The Beast could have bypassed this, and made us use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk did not do that, and he's brave about it, especially how to make a movie as this will leave him open to all sorts of criticism, but the fact that he has gone ahead, in my opinion, means a great recognition for the guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence that sees a erect male horse riding a female. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, somehow, for the incredible tour de force of eroticism they are about to see. The scenes that see the beast mating with the woman are gratuitous and shocking, and tend to offend many people (hence the reason she was banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not only an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; this movie has a point of definition. As said during the film; the only difference between man and animal is intelligence. Both man and beast have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The Beast explores this difference between man and animal through sexuality; the fantasy sequence in which the beast appears sums up the control of human desire, and it is only when the central female character ceases to control that she can see the beast. The film has strong themes from the old story of 'beauty and beast' intertwined, and in general is a shockingly morbid story of lust, but not without morals. <br /> <br /> Many criticize the scenes surrounding the movie's shocking sex sequences for being boring, but these scenes are important to the film's history. Without these scenes, we could not know the characters or the history of the beast and, most importantly; the story of "the beautiful and the beast" would not be able to have a horrible conclusion for the public, and as this is one of the key elements of the film; it would be a real shame. In addition, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not shockingly, but with the dialogue and persona of the upper class of the family along with the beautiful scenes of the grounds of the mansion would not be seen and therefore the contrast between this and the events later in the film would not exist either. <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking movie. It is the portrait of a taboo subject and the shocking form as it is portrayed will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you manage to overcome the shock of the film and embrace The Beast; what awaits you is a skillful and beautiful work of art that should not be missed by anyone who is willing to give this film a chance.
