Most people, when they think of expressionist cinema, look at the German films of the first and silent eras - films that emphasize inclined angles, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performance and occasional uses of surrealism to create a dreamlike atmosphere, in order to diverge from the traditional and naturalistic modes of cinematic representation. If we are willing to accept that the Germans were not the only filmmakers to create Expressionist cinema (and that these aforementioned characteristics are not prerequisites for the expressionist film), then I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a bit unbalanced by a Kurosawa movie, as it does, not unreal. However, DKD is also, unlike Dreams, a great movie and probably my favorite photo of Kurosawa. Because? Mostly, I think, it's the colors. This was, I believe, Kurosawa's first colored film, and the man saturates the film with vibrant primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We are accustomed to the neon lights and the bright skyscrapers of Tokyo; we are not accustomed to a city that seems to have been colored with crayons. DKD is, as I said, a quirky movie in that many of its characters live in a junkyard, seemingly living in an alternate universe. This is, I think, the point - these are the outsiders of Tokyo, people left behind during the great breakthrough after World War II. The film also represents one of the most sincere films of Kurosawa; there is a genuine feeling here and genuine pathos (like when the boy's father describes the house of his dreams). It is an incredibly touching film by a man best known for the breathtaking and samurai views of John Ford. Everyone should know that Kurosawa had such a touching and thought-provoking film about him (Ikiru foreshadows the emotional resonance of this film in several ways). <br /> <br /> I will also argue, to the end, that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai films, despite capable portraits, are little compared to Kobayashi's works (Hara-kiri is the largest and most intelligent samurai film committed to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good movies, but they are only good (and frankly I think the word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, just like Ikiru. They are the crown jewels that show that Akira was not a samurai pony of a trick. They reveal their art and mastery of cinema.
