If there was anything wrong, Akira Kurosawa in doing Dodes'ka-den, he was doing it with the partnership he formed with the "four horsemen" (the other three being Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big blockbuster to launch their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, undoubtedly the group's chief cheese maker, made an abstract humanist art film with characters living in a decimated favela that had many of its characters facing gloomy tragedies. If he had done it more independently or gone to another studio, you know, but it was because of this, among other financial and creative problems, that he also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of the day , as a Kurosawa artist has not ceased to deliver what he is infamous for his dramas: the forces of the human spirit in the face of adversity. That your background is a bit more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not at all a fault of Kurosawa. <br /> <br /> The material in Dodes'ka-den is absorbing, but not in ways usually found by the director, and mainly because it is directed by a character rather than a plot. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to entwine them in a cohesive whole. The character that begins in the photo, incredible though it may seem (though fortunately does not have much room for him to grow up), is Rokkuchan, a brain-troubled man who walks all day making train sounds (the clickety-clack of the title ), only sometimes stopping to pray for his mother. But then we branched out: there is the father and the son, the last one looking for restaurants for food and the first who follows and follows specific descriptions of the house of his dreams; an older man has the appearance of death for him, and we learn later that he has lost far more than he will tell most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy, quiet woman who works in bondage to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure), who rapes her; and a tame guy in a suit who has a constant facial tic and a big and evil wife - for those who are social around. <br /> <br /> There are also small markers of people around these characters, like two drunks who keep stumbling around each night, like a clock, putting great demands on their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) the! And there's the kind of sake seller on the bike who has a sweet but strange connection to the shy, quiet woman. And of course there's a bunch of gossipy ladies crouched around a hole in the middle of the favela, having nothing good to say about anyone, unless it's about something erotic with a guy. The first to notice with all this is how Kurosawa defines the image; is a bit post-apocalyptic, not looking at any particular time or place (that is, even in some shots we see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people, however, in the tragic scope, must be deconstructed through dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is out to dissect the shattered emotions of people, with a particular scene when the mortal-looking man who has empty, sad eyes is torn in silence while a woman accompanies him. <br /> Sometimes there is charm, and even some laughter, with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps ironically, the little moments with Rokkuchan (specifically with Kurosawa's participation as a painter on the street), or the awkward silences with the man with the facial tics. But while Kurosawa allows his actors some room to improvise, his camera moves still remain as they have always been - patients but alert, with broad compositions and claustrophobic takes, pictorial visions and faces sometimes with the stylization of a silent drama. Amidst these sometimes bizarre and moving stories, with some of them (especially the father and son in the car) especially sad, Kurosawa illuminates his film and projects the color scheme as his first in Eastmancolor as if it were one of his paintings. Lush, sprawling, sometimes spilling over the seams, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it is as if the abstract has reached its maximum in the scene, where things seem vibrant, but are much darker underneath. It is a brilliant, complicated two-edged sword that allows dream-like intonations with such heavy drama. With a sweet 'movie' track, Toru Takemitsu (also in charge of Ran), and some excellent performances by the actors, and some indelible scenes throughout a fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is, in his own way, a minor work of the director, but still almost perfect on his own terms, which as with many dramas Kurosawa as Ikiru and Red Beard maintains harsh truths about the human condition without much sentimentality.
