Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together in two years. One of them is considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon his best performance role): "WUTHERING HEIGHTS". The other is this movie, made in England a year earlier. The DIVORCE OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (as WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic attorney, but is also a total misogynist. One night, he checks into a hotel ahead of a crowd of people. It's a very hazy night (the kind of pea soup fog that London was known to a notorious "killer" fog in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had been attending a hotel party) needed beds. The administration tries to have Logan allow one or two socialite checkers to sleep on a couch and a day bed in their rooms, but he refuses. But he did not count on Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The granddaughter of a high court judge, she manages to get into Logan's bedrooms and manipulates him to not only agree with her sleeping there, but appropriates her bed (he goes to the couch - much to her discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they share a breakfast, and in the smalltalk it is evident that, despite their distrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she refuses to say her name. She is determined to learn more about him and thinks his attitude towards women is infuriating. Meanwhile, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. He suspects his wife, Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes), of having an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that his Ladyship was with his lover at the hotel that Logan knows he was on foggy night. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go into the plot any more, except to say that Leslie finally realizes the mistake Logan made and decides to use it to teach her a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feel of a Wodehouse novel, but it's lighter. Still, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (like Oberon's grandfather) are splendid. This shows what a good cast can do with the smallest of materials. Take a look at some of the smaller scenes to see what I mean: the first scene of Selden, complaining about his weak coffee for his butler / valet, who tells him correctly (they've been accustomed to each other's personality for years) . Or Olivier dealing with a young clerk in his office, who is sure there were two Lady Meres in the office two minutes earlier (there were, but Oberon and Barnes went out together), and ends up thinking that the poor employee is a simpleton. Or the hotel waiter who can not understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from man to woman. As I said, a light and charming comedy - but it is very charming.
