A time of service for convicts comes forward to report to the Cold Case unit about the murder of a police officer committed years earlier. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good cop, was never solved. Of course, detectives believe that the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that have frustrated their colleagues. <br /> <br /> In flashbacks, we are taken to the baby baptism of James Bruno. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There is tension as Sean, who is the godfather, arrives disheveled and late for the rite. Eileen Bruno does not seem to be happy to be there. The true mystery is revealed by it. She picked up Sean, who was drinking with Jimmy in the yard, kissed her husband, and more shockingly, Jimmy responding willingly. <br /> <br /> Somehow, in the season, the partners become the center of the gossip. Sean did not approach his superior because he discovered involvement with a criminal in his area who controlled the drug business. Sean realizes that this man is with the drug man because he always gives an excuse to release the garbage bags that Sean and Jimmy take to the station all the time. The pressure is too much on Jimmy. Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. Cooper's own father wants nothing with a strange son. Even his superior, McCree, wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a long line of Irish men serving in the police force. Sean is killed because of his homosexual condition, and because he knows a lot about the involvement of his colleagues in picking up dirty money. <br /> <br /> Tom Petit wrote this honest picture of a cop's life in the closet and his secret love with another fellow cop. We thought it was a frank account of a serious matter that no one spoke of in those days. Sometimes people involved in the program, fearing reprisals from sponsors or networks, do not dare present these real situations. Jeannot Szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue, which is treated without the sensationalism that the case could have been shown with a different team. <br /> <br /> There is a rare appearance of Chad Everett as the eldest Jimmy Bruno. Your opinion is on target with a touch of sentimentality that does not get out of control. Shane Johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as Sean Cooper. The cast is wonderful and includes all the performance of all under the direction of Mr. Szwarc. In this episode, Nick Vera, approaches his neighbor, the mother of the basketball player that the detective took from him. ball away. Nick is going to romance with the woman!
