Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> The little I know about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, was first published as a popular manga in 1970 and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. The GE999 is set in the same Star Wars space universe as the other famous space manga from Matsumoto: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, space pirate Harlock and other manga characters (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) make appearances on GE999. The GE999 was a success as a manga and was soon followed by a popular anime series, which included more than 100 episodes. It aired in 1978. A year later came this anime movie, which is not a sequel to the series, but sums up the main points of the story in two hours of long movie. <br /> <br /> The story takes place in an unidentified Star Wars-type future, in which the journey to different planets has become a possibility. People of the future may have mechanical bodies in which they can live for hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a boy who witnesses as a cruel Count Mecha, whose entire body is made of mechanical parts, kills the mother of Tetsurô. Tetsurô vows revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve it with a mechanical body. To get it, he must travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, as Tetsurô comes from poverty, he does not have the money to get the ticket expensive. By coincidence, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who bears a resemblance to the dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket to Tetsurô on the condition that she accompany him on his journey. And so the journey begins? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie for the first time last October, about six months from now, and again yesterday. I feel I must first talk about what has bothered me the most in this film: it seems very rushed. So again, what can you expect from 2 hours of long movie trying to tell the main points of over 100 episodes of long series? Whatever the case, the situations change with a rapid speed and Tetsurô finds other important personages in history mainly by pure chance. I feel the creators should have left something out or included an extra 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no way to argue that the GE999 deserved its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, very faithful to the style of Matsumoto manga, is detailed and beautiful to see. Even after nearly 30 years of its release, the animation has not become "outdated," but it puts many later anime films into shame. The song throughout the movie is nice to hear, even if it's a bit "old" nowadays (it was the 70's, after all). I did not hear any English dubbing of this movie, so I can only comment on the Japanese audio, which is good. Voice actors bring their characters to life, the most memorable being Masako Nozawa (mostly known as Goku's voice throughout the Dragon Ball saga) as the lively young Tetsuru, and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters are not left in the shadows, but they also have a life of their own, most memorable for me being the waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable both for those who are looking for entertainment for a few hours, and for those who try to find deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure movie, but it can also be seen as the journey of Tetsurô, from childhood to manhood. The entire film is told from your point of view, so we are forced to feel what it feels like. I think many people can relate to Tetsurô because despite the elements of fantasy, he is a very realistic character: young, hot, clumsy and naive. We follow him when he begins to see differences between humans and machines and we come to the conclusion whether or not he wants the mechanical body. Maetel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film and even at the end, when she reveals who and what she really is, does not respond much to anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man, always close, but out of reach. <br /> <br /> It is the strange and beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel that still stirs up conversations and questions, and fascinates after decades. People have argued that their relationship is two friends, mother and child, or two possible lovers (which has aroused much criticism since the age of Maetel is unknown and Tetsurô has not yet reached puberty). Without the means to sound deep, I think the best term to describe them is "soul mates." There is no doubt that they both feel devotion, affection and love for one another, but it goes beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think if their relationship were stuffed into any of these categories, it would take something out of the entire movie and the characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very touching and memorable. <br /> <br /> Despite the whole plot line and some cheesy scenes, the GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its place. as an anime classic among films such as AKIRA by Katsuhiro Otomo (1988) and GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995) by Mamoru Oshii. The film is directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience of works by Leiji Matsumoto, as he had worked on the series CAPTAIN HARLOCK. Later Rinatro directed a wonderful look METROPOLIS (2001), which also questions the difference between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by all anime fans.
