I came across this several years ago as I sailed through the canal on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously an extravagant 1970s TV movie, the direction and score were well done enough to get my attention, and in fact I was hooked and had to watch it to the end. Recently I had the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of that movie (oops, I did not realize that a domestic had finally left a couple of months before), and I was very pleased to be able to watch it again (and in its entirety) I do not totally understand the phenomenon , but somehow the '70s seem to have a blockbuster in horror movies that are really scary. The decades before the '70s produced some beautifully filmed movies and most of our enduring horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not much. In the same way, since the '70s we have cooler, more exciting horror movies, have much better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, are more fun, have fun, have some "jump" moments and some very creative uses of blood. , but again ... they are not really scary! There is just something about the atmosphere of the horror movies of the 70's. The quality of the film grainy. The frighteningly dark scenes not lit by vast platforms of high-tech lighting. The "edge of the land of dreams" silenced the quality of the dialogue and the strange and strident EQ scores. The strange feeling of discomfort and ugliness permeating everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the 1970s films, in the case of terror, works to their advantage. <br /> <br /> Specifically, in this film, the silent and intense scenes of the demon-dog staring at people enervating. Much more effective than if they had followed the most obvious route of having the dog snarling, drooling and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). Filmmakers wisely guard this for when the dog appears in its complete supernatural form. The effects when this occurs, though not sophisticated by today's standards, literally gave me shivers. The bizarre, loosely defined, "I'm not sure what I'm seeing" seems intuitively more like a true supernatural vision than with the crystal-clear printer / composer and hyper-real confections of horror films of the last days. <br /> <br /> Although the human characters in this film are not as satisfactorily interpreted as their enemy or the world in which they live, all the actors do a decent job. The brother and sister pairing of the films "Witch Mountain" as, yes, brother and sister, is a bit extravagant, but they do well. Yvette Mimieux can always be fun if it is not spectacular. Richard Crenna gains more and more empathy from the audience as the film progresses. His doubt as to whether the alienation of his family is actually due to a supernatural plot or if he is merely succumbing to paranoid schizophrenia is well treated, although his thinking that getting a physical routine can provide an explanation for what he is experiencing is absurd <br /> <br /> The final The-End-Question-Mark type of the movie is one of the only ones I've seen that does not look like a cheap trick, and actually made me think about the choices these characters would face then what they would probably do and how they would feel about it. Detractors of this movie may say it's just a long-lasting vehicle for some neato shining retina shots, but hey, you could say the same thing about "Blade Runner." (I.e.
