This 1953 Sam Fuller movie contains some of his best work, and it's sad that he could not continue to get the support of big Hollywood studios to do his thing. The story line is something like that. A tough, tough (read prostitute) is riding the subway on a hot summer day, and gets her pocket chosen by Skip McCoy. What Skip (and the lady) do not realize is that she is also carrying some microfilm to be passed on to spies. This opening photo without dialogue, and especially tight close-ups is a beauty, one of the many that Fuller uses throughout the film. Playing the baby known as Candy is Jean Peters, who has never been better or better. She forgets how beautiful she was, and she handles this role very well. The Pickpocket is played by Richard Widmark, who had already left his mark, and defined his 1947 Kiss Of Death style as the creepy madman with the scary chuckle, and although he is a bit "softer" here, he is still scary . These characters have weak points here and there, but they are noir and unpleasant all the way. The outstanding performance belongs to the wonderful Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe the stoolie saving her mass to pay for her own funeral. Ritter earned a well-deserved Oscar nomination for her performance, but lost to Donna Reed's boring but popular performance as girl B (read prostitute) in "From Here To Eternity." Hollywood loves when a good girl looks bad, and she loves Oscar, even if her performance is horrible. See for example Shirley Jones in "Elmer Gantry." Set between the docks and dips of New York, with crisp black and white photos of the great Joe MacDonald, and a very good art direction.Especially good is the ensemble representing the city of Nova York, subways and Widmark shack near the river. Made at the height of the Cold War and the red scare, the villain of the play is the common comedian, played by Richard Kiley, who is far more dangerous than the pickpocket who is a criminal, but he's just trying to make a living and, above all, he's a loyal American.
