In that you'll probably find yourself on my list of best Fuller films (ie, since I see more of them than just this and Shock Corridor), Pickup on South Street is a noir film where the femme fatale as well as the male lead , are not stereotyped in the genre. Like most of his other works, Fuller injects his own experiences and New York style sense that is usually absent in Hollywood noirs. On a small budget - at least for people like Darryl F. Zanuck - Fuller and his actors create characters that are nice even in such a gloomy atmosphere. The good ones are basically those who do not get violent with you, even when they are looking for an extra buck. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Jean Peters, and Thelma Ritter are all great in the main parts. Widmark is just one of the few actors in whom I can imagine who could have achieved this character. He is a bit like Bugs Bunny, since he may be an idiot who is a little sneaky. On the other hand, the character of Skip McCoy has a set of values ​​in his life. He does not get into other people's affairs and does not try to care for much of the world of work outside his little hut on the river after being sent away for three years. He slides, unbeknownst to him, when he stings a woman (Peters) on the train and raises an item that is under the eyes of the government. You may have some secrets that can earn you lots of money. But at what cost is the centerpiece of the film, as it involves police officer Moe (Ritter is one of the best and most credible character actors of the period), the ex-wife (a volatile Kiley) and the police department. In addition to the thematic elements, which are reckoned with a strong dramatic journalistic style (as was Fuller's previous position along with boxer), the dialogue is new and engaging. There is a spontaneity in many of Fuller's camera moves. And what a third act. This is a noir movie worth checking out even if you're not familiar with Fuller (he's comparatively less bizarre than some of his later works).
