Samuel Fuller brings his usual playful and stylish direction to this troubled story and manages to create one of the undiscovered gems of 1950s cinema. Richard Widmark plays a tough thief (a role he has perfected the course of many films), who snatches the wallet of a young woman (Jean Peters) on a New York subway and with her a much desired piece of microfilm. That's 1953, so of course the microfilm is owned by Commie spies who do not stop at anything to retrieve it. When the girl appears in Widmark's seaside shack, sent by an abusive boyfriend to retrieve the film, Widmark feels the opportunity to shake her and her "mates" for good money. The plot thickens, people begin to die, and Widmark and Peters fall in love. <br /> <br /> Fuller deals with the love story awkwardly, but more by a sense of indifference than by poor writing or direction. It's as if he includes a love story under duress, and so would become intentionally unbelievable, as the love stories used to be and still are in Hollywood movies. Peters gives a remarkable performance as a tough New Yawk biscuit, part gangster moll and part damsel in distress. When violence occurs against it, we genuinely care about its well-being, and it is typical of Fuller's renegade style in front of his time that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion. <br /> <br /> The ultimate success of "Pickup on South Street" falls squarely on the tired shoulders of Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a grumpy woman who makes money the way she can, whether it's selling ties or acting as a police informant. Ritter gives the performance of his career; in a breathtaking monologue, she conveys without ever directly addressing all the sad trajectory of her character's life, and the hopelessness she feels waking up every morning to a world of struggle, crime, and hardship. It's as if all the characters that Ritter had played converged for a brief moment to vent all the emotions they had not had the opportunity to vent into these other movies. The scene is the highlight of Fuller's movie, and one of the highlights of the 1950s, period cinema. <br /> <br /> Note: A +
