This film is a small piece by Sam Fuller, which gives Richard Widmark the chance to show one of his best and most nervous roles in the role of Skip McCoy, a thief who is faced with a military secret. taking the beautiful pocket of Candy (Jean Peters) in a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy was doing a favor for the (ex?) Boyfriend, who is working for the "friends". <br /> <br /> On the surface, is there a mystery here about Candy's motives, and Skip passes much of the film determining her motives? In fact, he seems to just assume initially that she is a "commie", going so far as to pour beer on his face in an insensitive gesture. But the real question is? What's going on with Skip? What are your reasons and why does Candy like him so much? Why do we (the audience) want to like him so much? Basically, what the filmmakers have done here is to create a very striking "male fatale" in Widmark's character and performance. Just as the male audience tends to reflect on the length of a movie such as "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" along with the main characters, whether the female character is reliable or just a pretty face, the filmmakers have created a similar dilemma for female viewers. Widmark is handsome, and there is also a charm in his boyish indifference? but in the first two times he meets our protagonist, he steals her and then punches him in the face. Eventually the question becomes? Will it fall so low as to sell your country for a buck (your comments to the police, like "are you waving a flag for me?" Makes us suspect he would), or is he simply seeking revenge for the murder of your friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure if the movie gives us a conclusive answer anyway. <br /> <br /> Does Thelma Ritter's character work deserve special mention? she has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller not afraid to give you many "deals"? in the form of physical objects she uses to draw the public to her world, particularly her used bonds. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I've seen elsewhere used for less effect) using chopsticks to bully Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip is one of the most revealing "honor among thieves" movie themes. In fact, Skip has the same kind of ease and the same sort of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye), who has a grudge against him. I loved the scene in which he invited the cops by name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up in his shack. Are these the details that make this movie look real? whether or not it is "realistic" or whether that would matter are entirely separate issues. <br /> <br /> All told, I would say that this is an essential crime film that exhibits many of the best and most durable attributes. of the "film noir" school of film production. A predictable plot is offset by a series of colorful characters (evenly executed), cheap sets are disguised by the movie's relentless rhythm, and the end product seems much more substantial than it probably is. This is the best movie I've seen so far by Sam Fuller and helps me see better because he's considered as a master director? here he performed some things that I think he tried but ultimately failed to do in other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" as much as very emphatic acting styles and really thrilling thriller. Is this one of my favorite Widmark performances I've seen so far? and Widmark was a talent I'm tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films I've seen with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, though he certainly did not make so many classic films.
