'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first Samuel Fuller movie, and there I was impressed by the director's astute mix with B-movie aesthetics and big budget, even if the story itself was just bullshit. 'Pickup on South Street (1953)' was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously produced on a larger budget than a big-name studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the visuals are still remarkable, for there is a raw naturalistic element in photography, not unlike Dassin's 'Night and the City' (1950), and Panic in the Streets (1950), Kazan. by director of photography Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the face of its actors that it is out of focus, bluntly recording the intimate thoughts, emotions and inflections that are communicated through the most revealing facial features, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama, and with only a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'Pickup on South Street' is a strong movie that succeeds most notably in its evocation of scenery? the underworld of New York City. When Just-out-of-Prisoner Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) picks up a woman's purse on the subway (Jean Peters), he puts more than he'd originally traded for . The woman, Candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) were smuggling secret information to the Communists, and McKoy unexpectedly recovered an important micro-film roll. Will he hand MacGuffin over to the proper authorities or will he sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' has a flaw, it is that the story seems destined only to reinforce an anticommunist agenda, smelling of propaganda like nothing since World War II (Dwight Taylor, who provided the story, also notably wrote 'The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only propaganda film in the series." For no apparent reason, every identifiable character - even convinced Skip McCoy - eventually becomes a selfless patriot, the predictable transformation from the outset.In traditional noir film, the unrepentant criminal always receives his punishment, rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they serve his country; <br /> <br /> Patriotism clears the slate. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor I'm really beginning to like , plays the arrogant pickpocket with composure, although always with that hint of malaise that suggests he is biting more than he can chew. m is the most beautiful of the film, while McCoy, breathlessly and quietly rummages through the victim's purse, recalling Bresson's "Pickpocket (1959)." Thelma Ritter is great as a tired street woman who is going to sell information to anyone who is willing to pay for it (though, of course, she draws the line on Commies). Jean Peters is well shaped as the trash lady who passes information to the other side, playing the role almost completely devoid of glamor; Fuller allegedly climbed the actress with the observation that she had the crooked legs of a prostitute. However, Peters must undergo a love affair planned with Widmark that really reduces the film's attempts at realism. Fascinating after its release, "Pickup on South Street" was promptly condemned as Communist propaganda by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it for being the exact opposite. Who knows.
