This epic of Cecil B. DeMille from the Wild West contains what may be Jean Arthur's best performance as a hysterical, eccentric, incurably amoral, but devoutly in love with Calamity Jane. She really did! Gary Cooper is the most taciturn, but runs a few occasional phrases: "The plains are big, but the trails intersect ... sometimes." History is a pastiche to end all pastiches. All the cowboy heroes of Western folklore seem to be there somehow, except for Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens the story in person (or at least DeMille would have us believe). There is no room for something as evanescent as subtlety, this is a 'stomp' tale in the face of the masses. One notable thing about this film, however, is that it is a very early frontal assault on what Eisenhower would eventually call "the military industrial complex." It's not just a story about gun runners, but about arming someone for money, and doing it from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave it to DeMille, who can be guaranteed that it is superficial. The main interest of this film all these years later is that it uses the first soundtrack composed by George Antheil, who has much to say about the work in his autobiography, "Bad Boy of Music". Antheil seems to have originated "the great sound" adopted by all subsequent festivals, in which the plains sing with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating the open spaces and intermingling common melodies. That's why it does not seem unusual, because we hear it a thousand times. But he seems to have been the first to summon the combined whispers of all the wise brush to this symphony of open skies that entered American mythical folklore, and gave him a soundtrack that has never changed since then, no matter how tacky it may be. be, but certainly appropriate. It's fun to see Anthony Quinn in an early appearance as a Cheyenne Indian. Gabby Hayes is there somewhere, but you miss him in the crowd. Gary Cooper embraces them all, imposing, but when did he appear small?
