Sam Fuller's excellent PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is the choice of a number of low budget, no-budget vehicles influenced by the Cold War in the early 1950s. Running less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is tough, hard, explosive and infinitely fun. <br /> <br /> Widmark star as skipper Skip McCoy, who has been caught three times. However, McCoy can not keep his wandering fingers out of trouble - and the problem is exactly what he does when he raises the wallet of the gangsters' brat, Candy (Jean Peters). Candy's wallet contains an invaluable microfilm roll for the communist movement, and it's her last job for ex-boyfriend Richard Kiley to deliver. However, when Widmark sets her up, Peters must do whatever it takes to claim the film she (initially) does not know. <br /> <br /> It's a tasty set-up, with Widmark's character, though not the psycho. of the KISS OF DEATH, a real thread, unpredictable and difficult, but curiously charming. When Bogart or Mitchum took on a noir role, you knew what you were going to achieve: a solitary anti-hero, maintaining your moral integrity and winning. in the end (Bogart), or an excessively laconic guy who lets himself be dragged into a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark, you just do not know what you're getting, and with your incredibly hip acting style (your movies always behave well), it's amazing to watch. Here he is torn between making a grand prize for himself selling the film, or handing it over to the police and fighting against the "communists" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend he never stole Peters anymore to avoid the fatal rap room in his role. <br /> <br /> Peters gets his best role as the moll-with-a-heart-of-gold candy. Widmark's unpredictability may be best expressed in his scenes with Peters; the pretty vagabond quickly (and quite unbelievable - the angle of the novel is rather rushed) falls under Widmark's spell, but Widmark alternates between kissing her or slapping her. The stiff beauty of Peters, though the lack of excessively lacquered Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner would never have worked well in that role), is a great asset to the film. Candy is not innocent, but she is very vulnerable, constantly being passed between men. Widmark cools her on the first meeting and wakes her up by pouring beer on her face, but in the final act he is much more tender with her (after she catches a Kiley turnaround). The hospital scene with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it does. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as police officer Moe, deserving of his Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is brave, real and painfully honest. His death scene is impressive. Fuller's camera moves and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of uncomfortable tight closures that only increase the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid to allow the camera to stay in a photo longer than usual Hollywood allowed, but distance itself from the death scene of Ritter to give the maximum impact to the public. The unusual and urban places, confronting camera angles, give PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold and uncompromising look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
