Samuel Fuller is hardly one of the great American directors. I'm not sure if he qualifies as one of Hollywood's greatest craftsmen. But he certainly ranks up there with the best of real Hollywood professionals who were willing to march to their own music. During the time he worked for the Hollywood studios, he knew how to take on a task, shape the medium material delivered to him and then transform it quickly and efficiently into something generally better than his parts ... within the time frame and the budget. The pickup on South Street is a good example. On the surface, it's one of the 1950s anti-Commie Hollywood movies, complete with appeals to patriotism, a tough hero and a bad (and copiously transpiring) face. Fuller transforms this bag of Hollywood clichés into an exciting and thrilling drama with countless unexpected twists. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a loser three times, a petty thug with soft fingers who does not change his stripes until the end. The girl's girl, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to beat if you were inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Moe Williams, is a stoolie. And in an unusual approach to the Hollywood battle against the Communists, appeals to patriotism fall on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by anything so ennobling. He just wants the return for a personal reason, and ends up becoming ... at least for now ... a nice guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all the actors were mainly assigned to Fuller by the studio. He had to do it. Richard Widmark had already established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a nice picture of a sexy, dumb woman, and she's no better than her boyfriends ... or her clients ... they want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who would later become a two-time Tony Award winner on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It is hard to remember that he was the actor who inflicted us, I mean introduced to us, "The Impossible Dream" of Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this tale of a beater wallets that take a purse in a subway car and see itself with microfilmed secrets instead of money, pursued by the feds and the communists, goes ahead with great savings. The whole venture, with a classic look noir, takes only 80 minutes to be informed. The dialogue, with Fuller as a writer, has that cheesy party, a style of pulpuda fiction in part pungent. "That cookie you got ... she's fine," a character tells Skip about Candy. Fuller moves us fast enough from scene to scene to keep us hanging on what will come next. So Fuller plays in the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly, the story comes to a whole new level of interest, part relief from comedy and sad part inevitability. <br /> <br /> The thing I like most about the movie is how the opening exemplifies Fuller's talents and strengths. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the credits, Fuller is able to turn on the movie instantly, establish for us what the story is and show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - us. will be involved with. And he does it with such seductive curiosity in that crowded, hot subway car that we can feel like Fuller fixing the hook to get us. Glenn Erickson, in my opinion, one of the best film critics: "In what should be an inconsequential story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar vision of Americanism from the bottom up: hard-necked, aggressive interest who, when fully expressed, recognizes what is wrong and what is right and is not afraid to fight for it. As always in his work, the individuals who struggle most for their country are the least likely to benefit from the effort. " He's right and makes a movie still vivid after 55 years.
