"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama about a small criminal who suddenly finds himself involved in the activities of a group of communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the momentum is maintained through a brilliant edit. The use of a wide variety of different camera angles and effective close-ups also contribute to the overall impression of constant motion and vitality. Samuel Fuller's directing style and Joseph MacDonald's cinematography are excellent and there are many scenes that through his composition and lighting produce a strong sense of humor and atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Ace pickpocket and re-offender Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) enters deep water when he steals a wallet from a young girl named Candy (Jean Peters) on the New York subway. She was being used by her ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to make a delivery to one of her contacts in a communist organization and unknown to her, she was carrying US government secrets engraved on microfilm. Two FBI agents were following Candy and witnessed the robbery. One of the agents continues to follow her back to Joey's apartment and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits Police Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been following Candy a couple of months as part of its quest for the leader of a communist group. To identify the pickpocket, Tiger calls on a "stoolie" named Moe (Thelma Ritter), who after being given an accurate description of the working method of the "cannon", makes a list of eight possible suspects. Once Tiger sees Skip's name on the list, he immediately convinces himself that he is the man they need to track and sends two detectives to arrest him. When Skip is brought to Tiger's office, Zara talks about microfilm and Tiger offers to abandon any charge if he cooperates with the investigation. Skip is irreverent and arrogant. He clearly does not trust Tiger and denies all knowledge of the theft on the subway. <br /> Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it. Candy pays Moe to Skip's address and when Skip returns from being questioned by Tiger, he finds Candy looking for his house and leaves her unconscious before stealing his money. When she recovers, Skip demands the payment of $ 25,000 for the microfilm. She tells Joey about Skip's demand and Joey's boss gives her a gun and orders him to retrieve the microfilm the next night. <br /> <br /> Skip and Candy are attracted to each other and it is because of their uncomfortable and developing relationship. that a medium evolves by which they manage to get rid of the attentions of the police. It soon becomes apparent, however, that resolving issues with the communist gang will only be achieved by more direct action. <br /> <br /> The representations of Skip, Candy and Moe as characters who inhabit a decadent world in which they are forced to face considerable daily risks are powerful and compelling. <br /> <br /> Moe's job as a police informant depends on her knowledge of the people in her community, but also on those people who know what she does and could seek revenge at any time. She seems crafty and cunning, but she also has her vulnerable side when she describes herself as "an old clock running" and saves money to be able to have a decent burial in an exclusive graveyard on Long Island. Her belief that "every dollar has its own meaning" leads her to sell any information, regardless of danger, friendships or principles and there is still an occasion when she refuses and this proves fatal. The performance of Thelma Ritter certainly deserved the Oscar nomination she earned for her role. <br /> <br /> Skip is a violent criminal without concern for his victims and who has been convicted three times in the past, lives under the constant threat of being jailed for life if convicted again. Despite this, he still carries on with his criminal activities and, strangely, is only philosophical when Moe betrays his whereabouts, and later he still guarantees that Moe receives the kind of burial she so valued. Candy is a former prostitute and someone whose activities constantly put her in danger, but behind her hardened exterior and a warmer side, gradually becomes more evident. Widmark and Peters are perfect for their roles and, like Ritter, portray the different facets of their personalities with great style and conviction.
