Pickup On South Street is one of the brightest movies ever made. An example of the direction: When Candy (Jean Peters) starts flipping through her purse and notices her wallet is missing, an alarm sounds at the bottom of the building she is in - as if it were an alarm ringing in her head. It's not like a cartoon - it's subtly entwined in the background in a way that reaches you on a subconscious level until you've seen the movie a few times and it just "clicks" that there's an alarm sounding when it frantically starts Richard Widmark is in the top of his game as a smart-alec - he's really great - but the highlight of the movie was the first scene of "Moe". the street hawker / informant, played by Thelma Ritter. Later in your apartment, you are not seeing a movie - you are seeing a real person. I've never seen anyone "act" so real that I felt like I was looking at a real room until Ritter's performance - even the way her hair got a little bit when she took off her hat. About a million other things just worked, the way Lightning Louie takes money from her chopsticks the way Candy's jewels click when she takes Moe's hand off her brooch, the way Moe gets the dollars and the captain's swapping the FBI guy's chest-and even the way the captain opens his file, as if he's been doing this in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" are detailed movements (direction) with consummate performances (performance) and nostalgic visuals of the time, such as the panel truck, the boards that lead to the cabin in the water, the cargo elevator, and the unforgettable place Salta his pocket clippings. Wonderful things. "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies where, although the characters are not perfect, you care about them - maybe because they've been a little bit marked by your past ways that are hard to escape: Skip as a "loser three times" and Candy as a young woman who "hit" a lot. When these people behave a little more ill than you expect, it's as if you were looking at people you would never have imagined - yet you know they are possible because the actors make them so recognizably human.
