Since the disappearance at sea of ​​her favorite niece, Phyllis, mystery and murder writer Abigail Mitchell, Ruth Gordon, has strong suspicions that she was the husband of Phyllis, Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, who was responsible for his death. In fact, Abigail is convinced that he murdered her and made it look like a tragic accident. Knowing that there is no evidence that Edmund was arrested for Phyillis's death and determined to take the law into his own hands Abigail prepares this elaborate plan to make it look like the death of Phyllis , a tragic accident. Getting Edmund to come secretly to his mansion to give him the match for his vault, when she is about to go on vacation to New York City, Abigail tricks him into barring the startled and startled Edmund. With the safe soundproofing no one in the mansion, Abigail's personal butler and Veronica's personal secretary, Mariette Hartley, hear him screaming for help and the next day Edmund is found suffocated to death. Veronica discovered Edmund's body as she was about to guard, for safety, Abigail's latest mysterious murder manuscript. <br /> <br /> Columbus, Peter Falk, is called in the case involving the strange death of Edmund Garvin to determine whether it is a murder or a tragic accident. Passing through Edmund's apartment, Columbo is intrigued to find that he does not have a single picture of his late wife, who has been missing for only a month! This is linked to what Abigail has always felt about him in Edmund not being in love with Phyllis and also a suspect in her, in Abigail's mind, murder. <br /> <br /> Columbus a big fan, along with his wife, of Abigail's murder mystery novels have a hard time noticing that she was in fact responsible for Edmund's death. All evidence points to Abigil, including a missing car key pair that was Edmunds. This all proved that Abgail was actually in the house, not on the way to the airport, when Edmund was locked in the safe. <br /> <br /> Going by all the evidence, Columbus comes up with this strange conclusion that Edmund must have left some evidence inside the safe written for who is his killer. This conclusion is quickly checked when it is discovered that Edmund did not even have a pen or pencil, as well as a light, with the security lamp burned, to write it. There is also something very strange inside the vault that has been in Lieutenant Columbo's mind ever since he entered the case. This has to do with the black paint residue that was found under Edmund's dead nails and the belt buckle! <br /> <br /> It's that evidence, when combined with a host of other items in the vault, which in the end blocks Edmund's murder in the mysterious and cunning writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund let Abigail unconsciously convince himself in his final attempt, while the air in the safe was being used by his breathing, using burnt matchsticks to write in Abigail's last manuscript that murdered him: Abigail Mitchell!
