After the failure of "The Crusades" at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years have been about our history from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in order of production was this film, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). <br /> <br /> Basically, the film resumes US history after the Civil War. . Lincoln is shown at the beginning talking about what is the next step now that Lee has surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to protect the West (more on that point later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. That April 14 must have been too busy for Abe - in "Virginia City," he gives a pardon to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same date. <br /> <br /> In fact, while Lincoln was worried about West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were on the reunification of the former Confederate States and their citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was Reconstruction that occupied his attention, not the west (except for the problems of Maximillian and his French controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent General John Pope, the loser in Second Manassas, to Minnesota to end a serious Indian war in the Sioux (the theme of McKinley's novel "Sprit Lake." Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson) quite effective here, and the revolt was destroyed. <br /> <br /> However, with Lincoln's full attention to Western problems, it is doubtful that he would say (as Cooper repeats at least once): "The border should" There is nothing to say he could not have said this, but it is hardly a profound statement of a statesman leader. As saying, Teddy Roosevelt said, "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." It is not a recognizable fact indeed, which is at best an affirmation of a recognizable fact: Cooper is a ridiculous mantra, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe Doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of the way DeMille's scripts have really bad mistakes. common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not a ruinous m istake. "The Plainsman" is an adventure film and as such has the full benefit of DeMille, the creator of the show. As such, it is worth watching. But not as a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his quantum legacy.
