Kim Basinger plays Della, a housewife who has twin children (Terri and Tammi - played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abusive idiot for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, driving a nice car too, I might add. He's on his cell phone arguing with a business partner I'd say. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is a mess with shoes and toys scattered. This irritates him even more and he takes care of his wife, Della, asking why the house is always a mess. He puts it against the wall. The staircase twin watch. He punches the wall, leaving a hole and pulls away. She takes care of the children, trying to comfort them. After all this is said, she needs to go to the mall to do some last minute shopping and because she is out of wrapping paper. It gets there and the parking lot is full because there are many last minute shoppers there. While she is looking for a parking space, she notices a car occupying two spaces and it irritates her. She finally finds a place to park, makes her way to the hoggish car and leaves a note under the cleaner calling the owner a "selfish push." So she goes to the mall to do her last-minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When she finally leaves the mall, it's closing and many people are gone. Not the owner of the car, she left the note however and she realizes it on the way to her vehicle. She also notices that the note she left under the cleaner is no longer there. Odd. When she gets to your vehicle, she enters to start it. She notices a car coming from behind her and that stops her from retreating. She leaves the car just to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie - played by Lukas Haas) who left the note and a bunch of bandits friends. Screaming and a mall cop (no, not Paul Blart) makes his way up to them to see what the problem is, just to have his brain exploded by Chuckie. As this happens, Della leaps into her vehicle, starts and drives over the median in front of her. Chuckie and his troop get into his car and chase after him. Della has just hit her vehicle in a log pile in a housing set, but she is unharmed. She gets to the back of her vehicle, opens the hatchback and picks up a toolbox before the bad guys get there. <br /> <br /> With this, Della spends the rest of the night trying to get away and hang out with the bad guys armed with only the tools she has in her toolbox as weapons. The first death, in my opinion, is the best. The first death Della does anyway. The latter was probably the weakest and should have been the best considering that this was the main villain she was practicing. <br /> <br /> I'll admit that there will be some who will postpone buying the finale and I was a little disappointed myself. As a whole though, it was a fun movie and it moves very well in its duration of 1 hour and 20 minutes.
