ATTENTION, SPOILER! Many people have told me that "Planet of the Apes" was Tim Burton's worst film and, in addition, much weaker than the original film. So I decided not to see. Another friend of mine who has not yet watched the film, advised me to watch it, though, because "a Tim Burton movie is still a Tim-Burton movie." I decided to do this, and found out he was right. <br /> <br /> Of course, a remake of a movie as famous as "Planet of the Apes" is automatically influenced by business thinking. Still, Tim Burton got his movie to represent his strange joke as well as "Beetlejuice" or "Batman." If you already enjoy Burton's movies, it's hard not to like one of your movies, even if you have some flaws: stressful monkey screams, exaggerated monkeys, and an actor who could have been replaced with no trouble /> What the movie gives us, in the first place, is an answer to the question: What is the result when Tim Burton is instructed to create a remake? First of all, Burton would not be Burton if he did not refuse to call it a remake from the start; is a "re-imagination". On the other hand, Burton knows that almost all the viewers of his film saw the first film version starring Charlton Heston (as human), and he knows that a remake does not exist without his model and that the two films will not stop being compared . So all he does is play around with this comparison at all times in his movie, and. g. referencing the quotations. In relation to the story line, Burton does a brilliant job, answering open questions from the first original, and then leading the whole audience to despair, destroying that marvelous clarity and ending the movie with ?? And here's the SPOILER? Lion returning to earth and finding himself within a world that seems to have been ruled by monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the burtonesque answer to the expectations of the people they hold because of the shocking and surprising end of the first 'Planet of the Apes'. An end, even more unexpected, more surprising and completely confusing, because ?? and here I am disagreeing with several 'Planet of the Apes' - homepages and -platforms ?? This does not make any sense. There can be no meaning for it, or just one so complicated as to become ineffective. Tim Burton is playing his cruel games, he does it with a smile and he does it well. Burton fans will like it, others may feel betrayed and complain about some kind of mannerism. Well, and I do not think the producers will ask Burton to direct a remake again?
