Gordon Parks, the prolific photographer for Black Life magazine, made a real hit movie here - one that does not spoil! Based on the true story of two NYC cops - later battered Batman and Robin - who, by themselves, employed radical tactics to clean up their drug neighborhood, this is a cop-friends movie before the term becomes a repetitive formula . Lightning, there is not an unimportant disposable scene here. Man, in the early '70s, NYC must have been a terrible place to be a cop, the look of movies like this and "Serpico." These two police officers start out as rookies in the security division, arresting traffickers in plain clothes in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city's police department, they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their peers. They have to navigate alone in a minefield of police and legal corruption, malicious missions designed to keep them from their work on the streets, ruthless drug bosses, and a nasty neighborhood in the ghetto. <br /> <br /> David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic at leads; part of the entertainment is watching the eyes of Leibman passing madly in all the scenes in what is an impeccable comic performance, and Selby's acting is discreet and ironic. These two make all aspects of story work comedy - exhibiting a palpable frustration mixed with courageous determination. Director Parks, who was already known for his coverage of controversial subjects in his photography, does not shy away from the aridity of the story. Instead, the film is uncompromising in the portrayal of the toughness of the police world and street criminals these two men inhabit. Adding to this realism is the fact that the true Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisors to the film, and even appear in surreal roles as two official colleagues who ridicule the protagonists. It's a true tribute to the effectiveness of Parks's direction, which he can perfectly balance this depressing millionaire with the brilliant comedy. <br /> <br /> Why did MGM / UA leave it on the shelf for 30 years - hardly giving it a home video or a DVD release in the US? It is a minor masterpiece of the 70's.
