Before there was Crash, there was an interesting movie called the Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the previous film, the Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who come together as lifelong friends. To me, Crash was still a slightly better movie, but the Grand Canyon was not sloppy either. <br /> <br /> Taking place in Los Angeles, a high-class lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a short cut on the troublesome side. of the city just to have your car break at the worst time. He calls a tow truck and has to wait for some time, only to be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the tow truck driver arrives at the perfect moment and steps off Simon (Danny Glover) to take the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get Mack and the car out of difficult situations. It is from here that a friendship develops between the two men throughout life, with Mack helping Simon as soon as Simon helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. You see that Simon's sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford) is living in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and fears for her older son, who seems to be wandering the streets at night with a few other people. Mack offers them a better place to live, as well as connecting Simon with his secretary's friend, Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the film, but there are other minor plots involving the same secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker) as well as Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who discovers a not much abandoned baby time after his son Robert (Jeremy Sisto in his first movie role) went camping during the summer, and will likely be moving on with his own life soon. The details of all these plots are put together in a complex movie that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to entwine all the different scenes. This simple plot device works great and helps a lot with the flow of the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest film to date has been The Big Chill, has created a splendid movie here. The cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately they do not reach greatness because some points, which would make the film even stronger, are hidden. The story involving the secretary is one, and the second involving Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been more separate from all of history, and perhaps Lawrence Kasdan's views of the upper and lower classes were more on a higher level than on very good ones. Still Grand Canyon exceeded expectations, and yes you will see a view of the canyon that this movie was named after. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his own views on life and has a small part to play in the ideas of this film.
