Many of the comments people have made call me (sorry) miss the point. Kasdan wants to present simple and ordinary life. The conventionally structured story, in which the characters have perceptions that change their lives, and then disappear, the music, and the film ends, is absorbed by that much larger screen. Several characters in this film have only these illuminations and then move on. Sometimes they can cling to their insights, sometimes they can not, and that's how life really is. In other words, Kasdan expels the conventional dramatic structure in favor of exploration of the continuity of life? there is no happy ending, only a final ending; and everything before that is still in process, is still always available? and, if you absolutely insist on a theme, an exploration of the miraculous role in our lives. What is a miracle? Well, life itself to begin with. Then add all the random incidents and cross connections that make up a life, or several interconnected lives, and you will have miracles to the fullest. Kasdan emphasizes this theme lightly, instead of insisting on it, and reinforces this in many ways, most memorable by the device, right in the center of the film, of having Mac and his wife lying in bed, each dreaming his own dreams . but also showing, later in the film, how these dreams have the power, within the film, to shape reality. This is not a movie with an easy or obvious message. You just have to let it play in front of you and then let it sit in your mind for a few days, a month, a few years and see what you have done there. This is undoubtedly the best film by Kasdan, the most mature, the most human. A great meditation on the life of one of our most talented writers and directors. The tragedy is of course that he is not allowed to work for several years, mainly due to studio restrictions around "Dreamcatcher". I hope we have not heard the last one from Larry Kasdan. A great movie by a great artist. Keep in mind that art does not need to be completely rationalized to succeed.
