If you really want to know how most of the actors and directors of the Hollywood scene "came" to where they are, the vast majority will say (assuming they will say) that a strange coincidence happened. They found the right people at the right time and got into the right project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino did an acting class whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey picked up a stage pass from an old woman asleep at the lecture of a famous playwright who helped him land an important role. And Robin Williams credits his career to the son of Gary Marshall, who, having seen "Star Wars," suggested to his father that an alien should visit the Cunninghams of "Happy Days." These coincidences, often seen as pure luck, shape many of the careers in Hollywood today. Or is it pure luck? Is it possible that something else is happening? "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes a completely different explanation for the inexplicable, also known as the strange miraculous coincidence. The film concerns several different characters whose lives intersect because of positive and yet unexplained chance. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, experiences a collapse in one of the most dangerous areas of Los Angeles. After he calls a tow truck, a young gang approaches him. They threaten violence if he does not get out of the car. Shortly before the showdown, Danny Glover appears as the driver of the tow truck and lessens the intentions of the gang. Although Glover later denied it, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films is shot in the leg and after wards has a spiritual experience. He then announces the retirement of producing blood and entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), on a morning run, finds a baby hidden in some foliage. She claims that the baby cried for her and that her "rescue" of the child was predetermined. <br /> <br /> The film further explores the results of these strange connections that lead to more relationships, endings of relationships and new beginnings. . And all this time, a strange street man appears throughout the film as if in some way he was also connected to everything that is happening. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or in the movies in general, to explore such a purely esoteric subject. There are some moments that seem unbelievable, but maybe that's the point. What makes the movie work is the cast's excellent acting. While miracles and coincidences may seem exaggerated, the actors make you believe they are experiencing these new realities. Perhaps this is something we must explore more often.
