I revisited the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I decided to create one of the top ten lists of the '90s. I first saw the film when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed, and highly recommended, by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I finally got it on video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing movie, about the power to listen, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times now, and amuses myself and inspires me with every subsequent viewing. But why the poor reviews for this movie? The Maltin movie guide gives two out of four. Too melodramatic, too coincidental, too sentimental, are the expressions I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story and, yes, a lot of coincidence too. But it provides with an intensity and strength that seems flexible. For all the "plot" that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as shootings, a police chase, an earthquake, a love affair, the discovery of a baby in a woman's shrubs, another shooting, an almost accident by a new driver, and worldly counsels of a homeless man, this movie wins because of the clever performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. It is also successful because of the skilled leadership and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know this is not just another movie when you consider a sequel at the beginning of the movie that involves Kevin Kline being harassed by four young blacks. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver who assists the character Kline, but not before being harassed also by the leader of the group. Listen to the dialogue as the boy suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me because of me, or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is full of one perceptive scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated as a best supporting actor as a film producer, who has a change of mindset and then a change of mindset. I think his character is a warning that "the good" can take us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but that we must fight constantly rather than depend. <br /> <br /> I fear that the Grand Canyon can be lost forever in the desert of new releases at the rental store. But with the deals now on older releases, as low as 99 cents, I would urge anyone who has read this far in a review by a reviewer that you will thank after you have rented, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you loved Magnolia, another movie with a great set on deeply humanistic themes, you will also love the Grand Canyon.
