This production was made in the mid-1980s, and appears to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on the celluloid. No cinematic version of the novel has ever been attempted (it is incredibly rich in subplots that actually serve as counterpoints to one another, so it would be very difficult to reduce it). The novel was Dickens' only attempt to make a central narrator (one of the two at work) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical Dickens style) mistreat her. She is illegitimate, but they do not say anything about her fatherhood. We later became involved with the nobility, Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is having an increasingly difficult time regarding her private life and the meddlesome involvement of the Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn) family lawyer. We are also involved with the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's boyfriend) in an attempt to win a long chancery case, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, who all (including Richard's cousin, John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns, are not worth it. effort. Dickens had been a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before writing fiction. Beginning with the promise-breaking case in Pickwick Papers, Dickens carefully examined the law. Bumble said he was "an idiot" in OLIVER TWIST and that Dickens would consistently support that view. He looks at the favelas as places of crime reproduction in TWIST, which the law barely attempts to heal. He attacks the Chancellery and outdated property laws, as well as very powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) at BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT he attacks the debtors' prisons (he also hit David COPPERFIELD). In OUR MUTY FRIEND, he looks at testers and wills. IN THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD, he would apparently go to a murder trial. Dickens was far more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also examines other problems (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the budding force of detective Scotland Yard, social snobbery in The Industrial Revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize several people: Leigh Hunt, the writer, Inspector Fields, Scotland Yard, and even the notorious Mary Manning. Most of these points were kept in this miniseries version. If it is shown again at a cable station, pick it up.
