No wonder this movie has won 4 prices, it's a film that lasts for any soul, it's no wonder why Paul Reiser took 20 years to finally give in and talk to Peter Falk about his idea. I can understand every part of it, this is a movie that will make you cry only one tear, or thousands. <br /> <br /> Story: 10/10 When Sam Kleinman receives a letter from his wife about her letting him find something else that his son and he make on a trip to find it, and while they do so, find something lost, friendship, family and affection for each other. At first you know what will happen, but none of them is so easy to discover from beginning to end, it is a journey between a father and his son, and a husband and his wife. No wonder Paul Reiser took 20 years to write this beautiful novel / comedy. Well, you can not say any more than I'm about to say, hey it's with Peter Falk in it, he's a legend that everything he does in the movies is magical, when you use Peter Falk in a novel / comedy, what do you think you get? A perfect result, it's no wonder that this movie is so perfect and you get so many prices. As son Paul Reiser does a great job, although he is not a great actor, it does not always mean that this did not work, in fact, Peter Falk and Paul Reiser play the perfect father and son, the rest of the cast is good enough , but you do not see them so much, just say they do what they should to make it happen even more. <br /> <br /> Music: 10/10 It does not always work when you use music sometimes it does not fit, but it's not what you see in this movie, the music is perfect in tune, it makes the movie even more appealing. This part of the movie will shine as well as the other parts, a great soundtrack to a novel / comedy, for sure. General: 10/10 There are so many Romance / Comedy movies out there tapes, DVDs, Blu-ray and no, but this movie is one of the specials. it does not happen every day that you can create a story like this, it takes years thinking about it and the fact is that, indeed, what it took to do it, a great piece that must be bought and kept in the human soul, see When you get old and see your father in old age, I think this movie will shine like no other has ever done.
