Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this movie rated it 8, 9, or 10 and one user reports the use of six videotapes (was this a record, or just a defective VCR?). Although the film is primarily planned as a period piece, it clearly has an unusual fascination. But for some reason, I imagined it as something extravagant and until recently I never felt the urge to watch it. My mind was changed by the original book of Elizbeth von Arnim. My wife loves to read, but her vision no longer allows her to read much, so she borrowed it in the form of a talking book. Such books are usually annoying to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually began to appreciate that this was seductively soothing, though not in any way luscious, and was also very well written. I realized that my wife would love to watch the movie so I decided to buy the video for her. I am very happy to have done so and would certainly recommend your purchase to anyone else who appreciates a quiet reflective work without fireworks but with well-built character development and a very successful pre-Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story takes place in the period immediately preceding the First World War and begins with two married London ladies who decide to join their savings and enjoy a vacation together away from their families in a villa rented in Italy. The force of the circumstances leads this couple to join two other characters and very different backgrounds. Its theme is essentially no more than the interactions that occur as the holidays progress, not only among these four very disparate mature women, but also with the occasional male visitor. Whether you want action, thrills, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or Harlequin style novels, this would not be the movie for you. But IMDb users have demonstrated collectively and very emphatically that none of them is necessary for a movie to be highly rewarding to watch, and if you mind testing it, you can, as I did, rank you among your beloved movies. It's rather rare for me to watch a movie from a book I'm already familiar with. In many cases, I think it takes a bit of the pleasure of watching the movie, but here there is such a strong visual appeal on the stage that I actually found my pleasure increased by the anticipation of seeing the next segment of the book, effectively unrolled. before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has some involvement in this, the last time I had this experience was when I was watching Boccaccio's Decameron stories on TV.) Generally book movies tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the version filmed has an even broader appeal, but here, if anything is reduced in order to keep the viewer's attention in the gradual development of the character, not in any background event. This works very well, although the book changes are few and basically the film remains true to the original story. Great credit is due to the director, Mike Newell, and all the cast members, particularly the well-known British actresses who play the four main ladies.
