Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of the most royal families in America, are still young orphans. Shortly before leaving for France to fight in World War I, the father tells the oldest, Fiona, never to sell the land. By the time the sisters became adults, they had to waste most of their money to pay lawyers to defend their property. Through certain loopholes in his father's will, a man named Charles Barclay prepares to take possession of the Gaylord land, in which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who was buying land and buildings from affluent families in New York so he could build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film deals mainly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. . Fiona, well interpreted by Barbara Stanwyck, though certainly not to be considered one of her best roles, seems a cold and domineering woman, and it is clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is somewhat tidy and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a pretty pretentious seductress with a monocle who married noble blood in England, but that does not stop her from trying to steal her sister's show. The three sisters have developed very well, but, as is the great trend in The Gay Sisters, it has never been enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He's not very good. Well, it would be satisfying if the story had gotten the way it should, but he always looks like a jerk in the movie. When we are asked to sympathize with him at the end of the film, it is impossible. Gig Young is played by, eh? Gig Young. No, he is not playing alone. What happened is that the actor, who had acted in several films previously under his real name, Byron Barr, was pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more captivating. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but he finally changed his name to Gig Young, in honor of the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? Young is very good in most of the film, but the script does some unhappy things with his character at the end of the film, which ultimately undermines the public's sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are very good. <br /> <br /> The Gay Sisters had great potential to become one of the great sagas of the film family. The characters are all interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for anything but the simplest melodrama. If this made the interrelationships of all the main characters more complex, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or made the flashback more complex, the film could have been fantastic. I could also have gone deeper into the prologue, let's find out more about the Gaylord family. We need to be more concerned with the characters and we need to sympathize with them more. And the end needed some major correction. Basically, just give up on the end. Fiona's problems are so badly resolved that it hurts. Whatever sympathy your character has gained as the movie progresses, it collapses. Also very happy. This story seems to move toward tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved. As bad as Fiona's story ends, Susanna's, Gig's and Evelyn's is even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It's completely watchable, even if it does not involve us like other great movies of the time. 7/10, mainly for its potential. It should have been redone, or the novel should have been retrofitted, sometime during the studio era. It's too dated to be redone now. The '50s would have been the best moment, during the time of films like Giant.
