I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I rented it for my fiancé and I to watch on a cold winter night. The movie I wanted was over, so I rented it instead of waiting too long, and I was very surprised at how good it was. Recently, I watched it again and loved it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with the story, it is Scottish bandit Robert Roy MacGregor, a cattle rancher and popular hero. From what little I know about the man and his story, freedoms have been taken with the facts, but it is a film, not a textbook, and so the filmmakers can be dismissed. Basically, the plot of the movie is that Rob Roy lent money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle that he then intends to sell and reap a large profit. But his plan is thwarted when the friend in charge of money is robbed of money and murdered in the woods. Our hero finds himself outlawed after he can not settle the matter with the Marquis, and his wife, Mary, undergoes a sadistic rape at the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a naive, soulless Englishman. Atrocities follow, until, in an immensely satisfying conclusion, Rob sculpts Archibald like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this movie, but let me play specifically on some. Liam Neeson, as always, is fantastic, a sexy beast you can not take your eyes off. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: even when he is bad, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man who struggles to support those who depend on him, in the best way he knows. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman a ferocity that is a good change from the audiences that movie wives often bear. You just know she does not take any bs out of Rob, or anyone else. Tim Roth is completely at the top with his interpretation of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All poses and preening, combined with some perverse dialogues, result in one of the most memorable movie villains in recent history. Combine all that, and the stellar work of other supportive players, with Scotland's lush setting, and you have what a really cool movie really means. If you have not seen it yet, I recommend you do it.
