The year 1995, when so many people talked about BRAVEHEART's premiere by Mel Gibson, also saw another very good but underrated film in Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially due to the historical period in which the story takes place, ROB ROY has much in common not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the very spirit of the epic films. <br /> <br /> It is a film that discusses similar themes such as the struggle for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family being the key to happiness. It also brings us to the bliss of the Scottish highlands, where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in epics), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who struggles to take his people from the oppression imposed by the cold-hearted gentlemen. Although he worsens his situation through acts, he has to suffer greatly, two things remain in his mind undeniably: HONOR that he is given by himself and I LOVE his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for the interesting content and very vivid action, the movie is full of truly stunning visuals. This factor has to do as much with the scenes and locations of the film as with the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the minds of any viewer who can afford a view of the artistic images. For me, the most splendid scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roy tells his boys what honor really means. So he sends them away and beautifully makes love to his wife. The scene he escapes Marguis from Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall also deserves a look like a stunning look. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is some explicit violence, such as in dueling, for example, but I do not believe that violence is as harmful as in many other modern films. His justification is like any other epic: the bloodshed and the cruelty of those times were really serious and there would be no point in hiding it. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape of Rob Roy's wife for the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and the kids should definitely stay away. However, all the rest is O.K. However, there is one aspect that made me really love this movie, the performances. The entire cast makes perfect works, from the leader Lian Neeson who fits very well to the role of tall, brave, strong Scottish man to the supporting cast of Brian Cox, who plays the wicked Killearn, a silent witness of terrible acts that he feels comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the movie. There is chemistry between Ms Lange and Neeson in many of her scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a great job as Marguis de Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the goal itself achieved by any means. I like the calmness of your picture. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, who truly portrays the miserable side of his character, Archibald - a man who mocks love, who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and massacre. But as in any good epic, this exceptional evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> And one more thing: the soundtrack: memorable and sentimental songs that will ring in the ears for a long time . . The final moment touched me in tears not only for the beauty it conveys, but because I deeply combined these merry melodies with the grandeur of the locations. Scotland remains in the heart of its visitor and this film reminded me of this permanent effect. It was, as it were, my second trip to Scotland. ROB ROY is a very good film, very well directed, photographed and represented. Maybe it's not like BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and throngs of extras in battle scenes, but it's a fairly long movie, paying close attention to one very important feature a movie theater should have: awesome entertainment combined with sincere education. I really enjoyed this movie, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "highlands of entertainment" and rate it 9/10
