A bad for this thin film that had to be released in the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different kind of film, the conflict between the Scottish plebeians and the English nobility is also present here and in the center. Approximately 400 years had passed between the time Braveheart happened and Rob Roy was set, but some things never seemed to change. Scotland is still run by English nobles, and the mountaineers never seem to do well in dealing with them. Rob Roy is generously done, but not the great epic that Braveheart was. There are no large-scale battles, and the conflict here is more between individuals. And helpfully, not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time around. Rob Roy is simply a movie about those with honor, and those who are truly evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and its basic function is to protect and protect the nobleman's cattle known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things seem pretty difficult for the MacGregor clan when winter is approaching, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy sets up a plan to take 1000 pounds from the Marquis and buy some of his own cattle. He then sold them for a higher price and used the money to improve the overall well-being of his community. Seems fair enough, does not it? The problems arise when two Marquess' cronies steal the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever filmed. Played marvelously by Tim Roth, this man is a no-brainer who was sent to live with the Marquis for his mother. This man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, heartless, and very dangerous with a sword. He is the father of a child with a hand maiden and refuses to take responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns her house. This guy is as rotten as the characters in the movie. Along with another Marquis mate (Cox Cox), Cunningham steals the money and uses it to pay off his own debts. While it is painfully obvious to most people what has happened, the Marquis still keeps MacGregor out for debt. This creates a conflict that will take many lives and challenge the strengths of a man who simply struggles to maintain his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers ahead !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately, the duke of MacGregor, who is not a friend of the Marquis, sets up a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict once and for all. This sword fight was considered by many to be one of the best ever filmed. Cunningham is considered by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, it seems like these attributes will win. Just when it seems Rob Roy is done, he turns the table in a shockingly grotesque way. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed, beautifully rendered and perfectly rhythmic. The score is quite memorable too. The cast choices seem to have worked as Jessica Lange, who may seem to be out of her element, actually turns into one of the strongest performances as Mary MacGregor. The film is violent, but does not have much blood. It is a luxurious image full of deviant behavior, however. The nobility is largely played as amoral and despicable. The movie has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. The Dog.
