This is the touching tale of the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy, and his battles with the feudal landowners. Like Braveheart to which it is often compared, it is not very historical. Despite its essentially fictional nature, I highly classify these two films and it would be difficult to choose between the two. The 13th century William Wallace is, as others have noted, a national figure larger than life, while the early eighteenth century Rob Roy appears as an honorable but common Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a clan chief, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish highland cottage with his wife Mary and their two young children. When the film begins, he and his clanmates are hunting down some thieves who have stolen the local lord's cattle. Rob Roy then wishes to improve the living conditions of his people thus borrowing a thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, the Marquis of Montrose, in order to buy cattle to flock to the market. He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend Alan McDonald. When both McDonald and the money end up missing, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as with his despicable protégé, Archibald Cunningham, and with his despicable factor, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also tested when Montrose seeks to implicate him in false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, whom he wishes to accuse of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the Rob Royland Highlander, an intelligent, virile and noble hero and a man whose sense of honor is central to this tale. Personally, I feel that this is Neeson's best performance, his accent (though Irish), adding authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, brave and honest man whose word can be trusted. He is a loving husband and father, and also touching loyal to his friend, McDonald, who is accused of stealing it. Tim Roth masterfully portrays his main adversary and certainly one of the most hateful and sadistic film villains, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish, ruthless peacock. He is very effeminate by someone who makes his big company rape local women, whether they like it or not. The pathetic Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard unaware of his own father's identity, though this hardly justifies his horrendous errors of murder, rape, and robbery. In addition, he ruthlessly leaves aside the young maid, Betty, after she impregnates his son, resulting in his suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and affected Montrose, who is implied as Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is essentially the love story between an ordinary man and his wife, beautifully portraying the passionate relationship between Rob. Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion within marriage should observe this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this couple, "How well you are to me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all the cinema. <br /> <br /> The most attractive performance is possibly by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Without makeup, she has the beautiful, yet natural, appearance of a robust wife and peasant mother. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham, while the disgusting Killearn notes. His dialogue is simple, but full of pride and grace. I give Hollywood the reason that for the first time they showed just enough on the rape scene to reveal their cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation but nothing to sensitize. His relative, Alastair McGregor, demonstrates emotional anguish when he discovers Mary's rape and even more torment when he swears by the secrecy never to reveal to his husband his rape by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course this film features the beautiful landscape of the Scottish Highlands, also luxurious period costumes and appropriate musical punctuation. There are no big battle scenes like in Braveheart, but continuous engaging action and a particularly gripping swordsfight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating film with tense action and a beautiful tale of love.
