SPOILERS MAJOR !! THIS IS FOR PEOPLE WHO SAW THE MOVIE !! <br /> <br /> Commentators addressed the main theme of "honor" in the film, and many comparisons with "Braveheart". I'll point out a few things about this movie that I have not seen other reviews touch on: <br /> <br /> This film has a decidedly different view on abortion. The first character to get pregnant is the villain's girlfriend (Roth), and when he coldly suggests an abortion, she says it's too late for that. The shame of her situation ("I'm going to have bastard bastard") leads her to commit suicide in a much later scene. The second character to get pregnant is Mary, Rob's wife, after a rape by Roth's character (and at least one sex scene with her husband, Rob). At the end of the movie, while Rob is leaving for a final confrontation with Roth, Mary asks what she should do about the pregnancy of dubious origins, with a tone suggesting abortion. Rob replies in a noble tone, "It's not the child's fault," and then states what he thinks the name should be, girl or boy. I think this "pro-life" stance on the part of the hero is very different from Hollywood. Rob walks from the darkness of the house to the outside to make this comment - not a coincident symbolism. <br /> <br /> Another related theme is Roth's character is a bastard, someone who evidently does not know who his father was. and has few kind words for his mother, though he has a picture of her in a case hanging from his neck. It is a coincidence that Roth (devoid of family stability) is the ambulatory definition of psychopath, while Rob is the strong figure of the husband / father and, of course, the hero. In the last sword fight between Rob and the villain (Roth), the first one cuts the latter deep into the chest - the left side of the chest, over the heart. His employer and pseudo-father figure (John Hurt character) holds the mother's image in his hand and looks at her, before snatching her from the dead Roth's neck. <br /> <br /> Also what I find interesting was the direction of the rape scene, which was not very graphic, but neither off camera nor implied. I found it surprising in some factual description, with Mary convincingly showing the traits of someone going through the ordeal, and subsequent post-traumatic stress (as we now call it). My point is that the rape was neither sensationalist nor just implicit, which I think is an interesting way for Hollywood to take. In the final scene of the fight, I have to rectify a previous commentator: The Roth weapon he chose was a foil (or maybe a short sword), the weapon Rob chose was a Claymore. Someone was actually doing homework throughout this scene. Roth would have the advantage in such a situation, but of course Claymore is a distinctly Scottish weapon. What's even more impressive to me (as a fencer and someone who has read a bit about it) is that this final fight is one of the most compelling of all the films ever made: the actors actually seem to kill themselves - - not the usual cuts on the opponent's blade that we see in most movie fights (including the fight to open the movies). Even more faithful to the story, Roth is seen several times using the rapier as a pressure weapon, which is his purpose! (Rapiers were sharp, but mostly a pushing weapon with the edges used primarily to cut off an opponent's thrust.) Rob uses Claymore in wide bars, as is the intention of the project. The fight falls as I expected - Roth effectively wins. Although Rob wins the day by grabbing Roth's weapon (more symbolism) and killing him with a mighty cut. <br /> <br /> People, it is rare to see this level of historical accuracy in a fight of film swords. I will also note that for some reason, I remember 1995 (the year of launch) distinctly as a moment of distrust of the US government. Hollywood was obviously tuned in to that with the release of both "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart," and I think anti-government tendencies are the reason why both films have so much comparison. <br /> <br /> I think the different perspective this movie gives is refreshing for the avid movie fans, tired of the same old and not-so-hidden messages from Hollywood.
