The play of the Scottish period of Michael Caton-Jones has little connection with the novel of Sir Walter Scott of the same name ... The film begins in the highlands of Scotland, with Robert Roy McGregor and his men hunting a bunch of cow robbers who stole several heads of cattle from their landlord James Graham ... The scene then switches to a sword-fight contest attended by nobles with long wigs, ornate shirts, soft-colored coats, pala and conventional gestures. MacGregor lives under the protection of a local lord named Marquess of Montrose ... When he enters into an imprudent trade deal with Montrose, he innocently leaves himself exposed to the malicious plots of the evil Montrose monster. doers ... Their treachery is the most creative and pleasing part of the film, despite taking a disgusting course with violent rape ... When Rob Roy is finally forced to rebel against the English soldiers, the action becomes well understood, ending with the pre duel dictated between him and a specialist with the blade ... <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson injects heroism and passion to his character ... He is intelligent, fair and virile ... He carries his height with grace as the Scottish chief of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover and a noble husband, driven to desperate acts by cowardly villains ... He prefers to die to lie or betray a trust . Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class the sturdy, sturdy dedicated wife, a proud peasant, brutally raped by an icy psychotic aristocrat ... Lange's speeches are full of dignity and integrity: I'll think of you dead , until my husband makes you like this. And then I will not think of you anymore. 'John Hurt brings his usual clever touch with character roles to make Montrose something more than a greedy marquis, ruthless with money and seasoned by the English court fashion for foppery ... He is a pompous arrogant man with two villainous servants a his service ... Honor, in his opinion, seems a picturesque notion ... He has two goals: to ruin the reputation of his rival, the Duke of Argyle, and to hunt the fugitive MacGregor ... He sends his soldiers to burn the Houses of the Highlanders, to kill his people and his cattle ... <br /> <br /> Tim Roth - the perfect antithesis to the hero, he is fearsome and strangely an effeminate executor ... He is a British aristocrat with no money , a harrowing, wickedly wicked 'hired sword', sweeping and murdering his way through the Scottish haze ... His name is Archibald Cunningham ... He turns out to be a liar, a thief and a murderer ... He considers himself a bastard no outside, seeking his fortune and the favor of "great men", and therefore can not worry about anyone else: "Love is a dung hill and I am just a cock that goes up to sing. "He even jokes that he once raped a boy that he confused with a girl ... Cunningham looks pathetic ... He smiles foolishly, and utters words with affected refinement but not terribly damaging - until a muscular swordsman insults him, and we find that he is a cold head and a specialist with a sword ... He really steals the film with a performance that earned him an indication of Best Supporting Actor ... <br /> < and while Brian Cox is suitably odious as Killearn, Andrew Keir is Montrose's rival, the mighty aristocrat local, the Duke of Argyll, one of the few trusted men that McGregor knows outside his own family ... < <br /> <br /> Situated in Scotland of the 18th century, and with an atmospheric soundtrack, 'Rob Roy' is really a love story between a man and his wife, an admittedly human story, unfairly outgrown by Braveheart, of Mel Gibson, who essentially counts the same story of provincial resentment of dominant English owners ...
