So the neighbor was killing the neighbor. It reminds me of Iraq. As I watched the American flag (50 stars in 1864?) Being dragged behind the horse, I realized why burning that piece of red white and blue did not bother me as much as our destruction / indifference to the Bill of Rights. I'm southerner and I need to have some historical memory. Watching the character of Tobey McGuire learns to respect the dignity of an ex-slave while watching the scalp of blacks and Germans (their ethnic background) bet on a game of poker .... . it was interesting. Many twists in this movie. The wife, who is forced to marry, demonstrates both desire and a strong will, characteristics we are not accustomed to seeing in "respectable southern Victorian beauties." The renegade foolish madman gave me some insight into why my cousin, the head of Copeland Horse-thieving Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, was hanged at the time. Bands of homeless men were roaming the countryside, armed. Remind you of Iraq? And how are we similar under the facade of religion and ethnic origin? And why are Southerners still fighting this civil war today? <br /> <br /> Too bad we can not use this same knowledge in our management of the country we just invaded and are occupying, fomenting civil war everywhere. This is Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, which happens to have the misfortune to sit in oil. The wide-eyed murderers in Missouri, invading Lawrence, Kansas, could easily be the insurgents we are now fighting to no avail. <br /> <br /> Another anomaly was his father's tribute to the Yankees who moved to Lawrence and stood up. a school "even before they erect a church, and for that reason, they will overcome." There is????? I was taught history in Birmingham, Al and we were taught that the North was much more industrial and richer ..... that's why they won. Of course, they, too, LITERALLY had God by their side. As you see here, when the freed slave indicates that he is cutting to free his mother, sold as a slave in Texas. God, what awful legacy bondage has given us. <br /> <br /> Acting very well, with a lot of blood and blood, while the warriors ride happily into battle (but hear no rebellious shout, so it reminds them of Alabama football games). You also have a real sense of how stupid the war was, while bush hunters and jayhawkers join forces for another attack. They have lost sight of why they are fighting, and so are we. Just more foolish massacre. <br /> <br /> You're also up to date with kids with no members coming back from Iraq, as the bushwacker (ah, what a connotation) first has his arm closed, trying to save him. , then he is amputated and then dies. So much suffering for such a stupid cause. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is fantastic. Now I have to go back to the DVD and get the production notes, one of my favorite parts of any movie. I suspect this movie was written by a Gore Vidal, as the spoken language is of a type you would associate with that era, if you knew History. Dialogue is definitely instigating. Not your normal war movie of blood and guts, by any means. You see soldiers wounded, but still active, still struggling because they have nothing else to do. You see the attackers from the south, living off the land, stealing indiscriminately. However, in the beginning, you saw the battle stop, so that women could be evacuated from danger. As I read the increasing numbers of women and children dying in Iraq, I think, "Where do we lose our sense of honor as a people?" I forgot why I looked for this movie and bought it after 20 years, but some book somewhere praised it. With good reason. Tobey at his best, Pre-Spideyman. Buy the DVD or rent it. And tell me why others praise it, not just the liberals basketm moi.
