Ride With the Devil has something rich and special, if you endure the slow development. In addressing a dark and violent affair, brutal guerrilla warfare in the American West during his Civil War (which in turn spawned the old west outlaws of the 1870s), the film maintains an uncannily satisfying and unmanipulated atmosphere . What I am referring to is the tendency of music and film lighting to make you feel the mood you expect to feel. But the RWTD has a relatively upbeat soundtrack, and let the words and action make the talk define the mood, not the manipulation of the viewer's senses. As an enthusiasm for this particular area of ​​CW's history, I'm very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diologue is expertly written, (even with subtle humor occasionally) with references to bushwhackers and previous boarder battles (eg Independence ... Far from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events that occur in Jake's band are similar to the actual events that have happened ... Especially the attack when they are hidden in the house, and the destruction of the store / booth. The battle scenes, though rare, are very well executed. Even the first CW cavalry battle was launched recently. <br /> <br /> Direction shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in a subtle way. Example: Black John's character is shown provoking a Lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight! Who are we to fight?" (The shot then shifts to a trio of Regular Confederates standing , doing nothing to stop the carnage while the voice continues) You are all cowards! Who are the cowards, really? Little touches like that really increase the quality of the movie. There are no big glaring areas in the story , something that can not be said of the film's masterpiece Glory, which was basically fiction within the context of the movie. a bigger curiosity is the fact that the only African American man-of-arms character in the film is the quasi-slave fighting for Jake and his Confederate bushwhackers. including one who spied Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (who would suspect him?). Although this black rebel is a fascination character (whatever African-Americans may think of him), not a single black soldier in the Union is seen in the film, which would be more representative of the Western experience in the Western CW. One of the first black CW regiments was created in Kansas (by assassin Sen. Jim Lane, and before the 54th Rule of Fame was organized), and black troops in battles like Baxter Springs, KS, played a critical role. paper. <br /> <br /> No glaring historical error. Good and realistic action, which is infrequent and unrewarding. Good Direction. This movie may not be the blockbusters of another recent Civil War, but it's the cleanest job of all.
