War between states was perhaps the darkest hour in American history; a war that put brother against brother and family against family and left scars that still have not healed, and in all likelihood will never be. And, as with any story about any war, beyond any historical significance, it is the personal discord behind the larger conflict that creates the emotional impetus that surrounds it. It is the human element that makes the context necessary to give it perspective, which is what director Ang Lee offers in "Ride with the Devil," a Civil War drama in which he focuses on personal difficulties within the broader description of the War itself. , and along the way manages to include an examination of one of the bloodiest chapters of the War, the infamous attack on Lawrence, Kansas, by Quantrill and his attackers, which he manages to present fairly objective from the standpoint of the Confederacy. In 1863, Union influence predominates in the state of Kansas, and even across the border in neighboring Missouri, those with Confederate loyalties are finding it increasingly difficult to resist the North American invaders, especially without the aid of what could be considered any "regular" troop of the Confederation. And when things start to heat up around their own town, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form their own band and take part in the fray, causing damage to the Union whenever it's feasible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like the war and do not like to kill; but they are getting up for what they believe to be right. There are others, however, even among his own, men like the young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers) who will use conflict as a vehicle for personal gain and as nothing more than an excuse . express their own violent nature through unnecessary brutality, perpetrated in many cases against innocent victims. And so, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as many like them, it becomes a time when loyalty and moral judgments will be seriously tested; a time during which their souls will be seasoned in blood. And they will have to walk with the Devil himself, against seemingly insurmountable odds. <br /> <br /> Like all his films, director Ang Lee addresses his story through incisive, yet subtle, examination of cultural traditions. aspects and moral attitudes of the people and times he is representing. And in doing so, Lee provides his audience with at least some understanding of his subject that goes beyond real history, and ultimately offers perhaps a deeper understanding of the motivations that drive his characters and the drama in which they are involved. Whether it's the traditions and customs that explain the relationship between a father and his daughters ("Eat Drink Man Woman"), the effects of class distinction ("Sensation and Sensibility"), honor, and the code by which a warrior lives and die. ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") or the moral ambiguities prompted by the lack of all the above ("The Ice Storm"), Lee infuses his films with insights into the human condition that takes them to a higher level. This movie is no exception; and (as he does with all his films), Lee presents his story with the help of a breathtaking cinematography (in this film, by Frederick Elmes, who also did "The Ice Storm" brilliantly), which under his guidance is nothing less than visual poetry. It is this special touch of Lee, and adds a melancholy and reflective sense to the story he is telling, which is one of the elements that make his films so memorable. Like Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a youthful sense of innocence to the film that contrasts so effectively with the maturity he broadcasts later, as the story unfolds, and his character together with her. More importantly, Maguire responds convincingly and convincingly to the events unfolding around him, which increases the credibility of the film as a whole and underscores the realism of the presentation: His stoic acceptance of death and the news of those "murdered" in the various skirmishes and battles; the moral property to which those he meets adhere, even in times so troubled; betrayal, which because of the nature of the conflict is almost common; and the loyalty and beliefs to which he and his companions cling inflexibly. It's all that Maguire gets through his performance, and it's not a small accomplishment. It is, however, the type of performance studied and underestimated that is often taken for granted, which is regrettable; work like this is commendable, and should be recognized. Skeet Ulrich is effective, just as Jack Bull and Jewel (in his film debut) transforms into an engaging performance as Sue Lee. Shelley is Jeffrey Wright, however, who stands out in a remarkable supporting role as Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who brings a scary Christopher Walken-style threat to his role as Pitt. In addition, in what amounts to a special participation (a scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with very little screen time. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde). Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs. Chiles). The Civil War will forever be an open wound upon the nation; but hopefully, over time, it will be through the objective contemplations of filmmakers like Ang Lee and films like 'Ride With the Devil' that will finally help close the schism and promote healing. In the light of more recent events, it is something that is extremely necessary all over the world. The film is a powerful medium; can be both educational and entertaining, and perhaps in the future more filmmakers like Ang Lee will embrace and promote a sense of unity through the sensitive description of the events and attitudes that make us who we are. 8/10 <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
