Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm', have turned to the American Civil War for their latest film. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, he follows the exploits of a group of southern guerrillas, known as bushwhackers, while fighting against their northern equivalents, the backwoods in the backwater of Missouri. <br /> <br /> As you might expect There is a lot of visceral action, but the focus is on the tension that the war has put on the young people who fought it - many of whom were fighting against their old neighbors and even the family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is one of those men, or rather a boy, for he is only seventeen when the war comes to Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a syndicalist, he joins his longtime friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the bushwhackers. Despite the lack of acceptance because of his ancestry and reluctance to participate in the murder of unarmed men of the Union, he remains loyal to the cause. The same happens with his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another bushwhacker and thus fighting for the South. Lee deals with the subject with aplomb, never rushing the deep introspection that the plot demands in favor of the action and this lends to the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of boredom and waiting interposed with occasional flashes of intensely terrifying fighting. The action is glamorous and admirably sincere, recognizing that both sides have committed a large number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are superb, with Maguire and Wright brave and dignified. Promising Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly scary as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasantly soft and arrogant. Lee never shies away from the reality of war, but his actors do an admirable job of showing the good that comes from it-the growth of friendship, the display of courage, and, on a broader scale, the emancipation of oppressed peoples. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shocks but always moves the audience.
