In anticipation of Ang Lee's new film, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," I saw it in the blockbuster and imagined it would try. A civil war movie is not the typical movie I watch. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was beautifully written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but does not sound out of place and outdated. Spectacular acting helped this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was incredible. I thought he was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here he shines. I've always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is great too. The big shock for me was Jewel. She was unbelievably good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I had never heard of before, is also excellent in this film. It seems to me that great acting and great writing and direction go hand in hand. A bad writing film makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie had the perfect match. The actors look brilliant and the character's development is spectacular. This movie keeps you wishing and expecting good things for some and bad things for others. It allows you to really get to know the characters, which are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of your seat, guessing and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times I was sure that someone would be killed in silent parts of the movie that were "very quiet" (brilliant direction). This was also a beautifully filmed movie. The scenery was not breathtaking (it's in Missouri and Kansas for sakez kindness), but there was clearly a lot of attention in choosing great settings from nature. It has that rough and rough feel, but it maintains an elegance, which is very pleasing to the eye. The movie went deep. He told a story and in doing so made you think. It had layers underneath that story of civil war outside. Specifically, he focused on two characters who were not sure what they were fighting. There were many deeper issues addressed in this film, many to choose from. It was like a beautifully written tale, full of symbolism and artistic extras that leave you thinking during and after the story ends. If you like great acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best orientations ever, watch this movie! Give it a chance.
