I've watched this movie twice on DVD, and both times it has not failed to impress me with its unique unbiased attitude. It seems more of a representation of reality than most other Hollywood songs, especially on a topic that is still much discussed. Even if it gets very close to the southern point of view, it does not stop questioning it, and in the end the only approved sentence is that war is lost no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <What really makes this film excellent is the refusal to dramatize too much. Nowadays really good movies (in a nutshell) are few and far between, with the mainstream fare being nice (if you do not have high expectations) but terribly commercially spirited. I think this movie is a really good movie (not being a masterpiece) because it holds, and gives the viewer a chance to watch it and analyze it instead of wanting to bombard it with effect and emotion to erase intelligence. This movie is cool, observant and generally light in your judgment, which is GOOD. <br /> <br /> History has its flaws, especially the character of Jewel comes out in doubt, but again, the situation at the time was so chaotic that for a young widow it would be logical to go back somehow to a normal life, even taking each of the next. Yet she does not seem so weak, in fact I think she's one of the strongest characters, she's always in control of relationships, with men just marking. And I'm so grateful she's not a tearful widow. I believe that in the 19th century the death of a loved one was something much more normal than now. You could die so easily even with minor illnesses and injuries, so that the prospect of someone dying, while certainly causing grief, did not traumatize people as now. People do not seem to build sanctuaries on their lost ones as they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is for intelligent people to watch this movie if they are in the mood for something. different from the usual hollywood fare. Do not watch out if you want uninterrupted action or mind-boggling emotion.
