One of the least widely praised of the recent Asian Gojoe action cases is, at first, a slow and often curious offer, but overall quite impressive, exciting, layered and beautiful. I am sad to say that I know virtually nothing of Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend surrounding this film, so that its deeper meanings are lost in me, but even without contextual knowledge this is still rich, leading to a fantasy structure traditional to a more striking upper plane. The story is Benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of the Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, himself a mortal seeker of his own higher plane, but this time the power of the demons. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusions and, in Benkei's case, indecision, a conflict in which the true goal is self-knowledge, for Benkei to come to terms with their true nature and for Prince Shanao face nature of what he seeks to become. Benkei is further hampered by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odds with the world, even when he is not in open conflict he is never at ease. Director Sogo Ishii deals with this as an epic, with measured pace, always elegant and often frenetic camera work, without neglecting the need for quieter moments to let the place sink, there is also great use of lighting and haze to give a view ethereal. atmosphere, there is a fantasy air for much of the film, but outside the overtly supernatural moments is a low and dirty fantasy with more period than the flights of fantasy. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, vivid and detailed, a richly evocative case. In action Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a cold arrogance like Prince Shanao. From the leaders Masatoshi Nagase completes things as an ordinary, intelligent and cynical man, but still not knowing exactly what is at stake. The film fits well, but is a bit flabby, sometimes starts slow, some shots are a bit protracted, and epic fighting scenes sometimes last longer than strictly necessary. As for the fighting, it is more frantic than for real moves, but it has artistic impact, but it may disappoint regular-action fans, often obscured by objects, blades, and fast-moving individuals, spinning with lethal force through their opponents in the order of the day, it is invigorating to watch, but in the end I could have done a bit more traditionalism. There are some unfortunate cgi blood spills too, a little works in context, but it is still a distraction. Overall, I thought this would be a great movie, not for regular action fans or for fencing enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, but a deeper and mystical monster, their particular ending will not go well with fans of the more generic wing of such tariff. But as for me, it really hit the mark, and for the more adventurous, that can happen too. Well recommended at any rate.
