The Ogre does not seem to have gained a very good reputation since its launch in 1988, and I think one reason for this may lie in the fact that it has received the subtitle "Demons 3" to help sell better. Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two Demons movies, and the ogres and demons are a bit alike (in that they are both "monsters" anyway) ... but otherwise, this movie has no connections to the other two movies. It is, however, quite good! Italian filmmakers are famous for stealing popular films and, although not entirely obvious; It seems to me that this one took a little influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by memories of when she was a child and found an Ogre living in her basement. It's not long after moving to the castle before these visions come back ... and it can be more than just a coincidence when she goes on to believe that there is a killer ogre living in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was obviously filmed on a budget and was made for Italian TV, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, this is certainly a very decent horror film. Lamberto Bava may not have an eye as sharp as his father, Mario; but it takes time to build an atmosphere of omen that really complements the film well. The central setting, a great castle, is the perfect place for a story like this and Lambert does the best; even if this involves the extraction of larger films at times; like the Inferno-style pool scene. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, since several scenes are drawn for a long time and the relationship between the characters is quite strange (particularly between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava manages to do a bit with special effects. The ogre itself looks really silly and it's a good job that we can not see it very often. We have come to an appropriate end, if highly predictable, and overall I have to say that this film is much better than expected and is recommended.
