For those who have not yet seen the movie, I have a warning: do not watch "La Casa dell'Orco" waiting for no devil because you will not find him here. This movie is not a third installment of the series "Demons" and has nothing to do with it except the fact that Lamberto Bava directed them. As a matter of fact, "The Church" by Michele Soavi is also known as "Unofficial Demons 3" and is a misleading title in that case too, so go ahead. It is obvious that due to the success of the films "Demons"; they have tried to deceive the public with misleading titles, although it is obvious that this is a disjointed story. Having said that, I think it is unfair, on the other hand, to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth looking at. Honestly, the film is quite atmospheric and although there are some unintended hilarious situations, I thought it was genuinely scary at all. However, I think it's fair to say that the story tries to somehow mimic Lucio Fulci's "The House in the Cemetery". Of course, this is just a speculation I have, but I think I have my valid evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is the man of the family, in both films, there is an annoying little boy named Bobby, in both films, the woman of the house is a beautiful thirty-something, who seems to be the only one to see that there is something really wrong in the new house, and in both films, there is something very, very wrong going on in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can relate the two films very easily and I'm not saying this as an accusation. On the contrary, my point is that those who liked "The House for the Cemetery" will probably also like this movie, bearing in mind, of course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less scary, not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, go on a vacation trip to an old desert. castle, situated in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, shortly after his arrival, Charel begins to have the impression of being there before, which is impossible, considering that he had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can not overcome her déjà vu and the worst part is that her visions come along with the image of a horrendous creature going after her. Tom, who is not a very patient guy to start with, advises her to leave the mindless hallucinations aside and enjoy the holidays. However, the visions of the woman become more and more real and the peace and tranquility that they should enjoy, suddenly turn into a living nightmare. Charel's old childhood nightmare becomes real and this time, she will not be able to escape without confronting the ominous ogre first. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot somehow turns out to be a bit simplistic and as a consequence, it's hard to fill an hour and a half. That means "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences with nothing but total silence and the image of the main character, walking through the castle for several minutes, reliving the images of his childhood and nothing more. It gets pretty boring from time to time, but overall, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that were released in the late 1980s, this film is quite stylish and effective but also offers a good variety of unintentional moments that make the film unforgettable in a way. For example, the part where Charel is brutally beaten by her husband and instead of going to her room crying as I would have expected, she attacks him by punching him in the face and fleeing into the forest like a maniac. . The funniest thing though is the fact that two minutes later they are a happy couple again, like punching each other like that was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's silly, but I myself, I find it absolutely hilarious. The ogre (who obviously is the villain of the story) looks scary and funny at the same time and let's face it: a villain who can drive us crazy and make us laugh a little, is twice as welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but much more natural and human of course. But focus on the genuinely good aspects I mentioned earlier: Simon Boswell's song is one of the highlights and even though it's almost always the same, it fits perfectly and helps create a rather sombre atmosphere during the moments. of tension. So if I have to give my final statement about this film, I will have to say that I can not help loving it, including the small flaws and most people who like those typical Italian horror movies of the late 1980s , defeated. Do not be disappointed by this. It has all the typical cliches and always well received, like the crazy old man who really speaks the truth, the local woman who is said to be a witch, a scary castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and the local people. who try to avoid the tourist with their hostility, stay away from the infamous lands. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs up and a punch on the face of his spouse as a way to honor the heroine of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy.
