"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of MGM's classic music production unit, and overall the film is all nice ?? good music by Jule Styne and others, great Gene Kelly dance (and even an acceptable work by Frank Sinatra), and a funny rhythmic script. The only important element that I criticize would be the cast of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in a movie always means that the audience will be subjected to endless warbling pseudo-operas of the petite Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover but whose charms of Valentino are constantly overwhelmed by the presence of his less arrogant friend with the improbable name by Clarence (Sinatra). Upon receiving a 3-day ashore to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes her something to save her life. They are recruited by a police officer (Rags Ragland), who needs them to help persuade an early youth (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to return home with "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first, it is Clarence who is interested in attracting "Aunt Susan," but eventually Kelly's character emerges as the most likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several prominent musical scenes, but nothing to get closer to Kelly's most famous work. films like "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we come up is an enigmatic sequel to Kelly's character in a fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry, the "Tom and Jerry" mouse (although he seems to be closer to the size of a dog or cat than a mouse ). It's a surprising sequence for your time, but it does not have enough complexity or excitement to really stand the test of time. I really liked the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly was using semi-orleans movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like something out of "Alice" in the Country of Wonders. "<br /> <br /> Eventually, the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized Mexican bar / restaurant in Tijuana where customers let Grayson hum along with their arias with ease, management is very excited about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe made for her to sing with her "friend" Jose Iturbi (touching herself with a light touch of humor) .. Of course they never met their "friend" Iturbi and they spend a lot of the film trying to reach it (in a fun scene the character of Sinatra meets Iturbi, but confuses him with a piano tuner and encourages him to abandon the pianos and try a professional career), entering the studio and Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi is rehearsing a surreal symphony composed of dozens of young pianists ?? you did not see anything like that out of Dr. T's "1000 Fingers." Is Iturbi himself a sort of divine figure in history? it represents the opportunity of salvation from the painful work of unsatisfactory work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi hears Mrs. Grayson, his opera career will become a reality. The 3 main characters are desperate to reach him and they think of him as a kind of distant and remote mythological figure ?? much of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception with the teacher's very realistic "real" mannerisms. And speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film, he also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestrated rendition of "Donkey Serenade." <br /> <br /> When all is said and done, this is a movie that no one likes musicals will want to miss. Most of the song was written for this film, a good contrast to recycled soundtracks for other Kelly songs, such as "Rain" and "American." Kelly is still at her initial, adventurous and turbulent peak in her dances and her character interpretation. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is captivating when she's not posing onstage. Iturbi adds that well-grounded, yet sophisticated tone that blends perfectly with the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM musical. This is one of the best.
