Although, in my opinion, this is one of the musical minor stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, a minor musical that characterizes any of this cast is not at all negligible, and together, the line-up makes Anchors Aweigh a very good movie, despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two Navy men. As the movie begins, they are just coming to the Los Angeles area for a much-needed license. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is still a bit wet behind the ears, quite appropriately, and seeks advice on Brady's women in particular. (Publicly, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney make all Navy men exaggerate their subtlety with women.) Brady promises to help Doolittle stay connected, but mostly because Doolittle will not leave him alone otherwise. A twist is put in their plans when local police basically force them to help a boy obsessed with the Navy. He will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up taking the boy back home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson) finally appears, Doolittle goes crazy over her. Brady tries to convince him to forget her; Brady just wants to get back to Lola. But they continue to be pushed back to Abbott's house, and eventually something like a love triangle forms. Things get more complicated when Brady lies about Doolittle meeting a famous musician, Joseph Iturbi, who is in residence at a movie studio, and states that Doolittle auditioned for Abbott, who is a singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of the story, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - because of the premise of the Navy, of course, Broadway pop - which stars tend to sing in more informal, operatic environments - what Abbott's character is excellent, Liberace's popular popular music - what Iturbi did and Mexican music - because Abbott frequents a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of Los Angeles. The combination does not work as well as it could. Many of the songs are good, and everyone involved is certainly talented as singers or musicians, but the jumping genre tends to lose coherence. Worse, there are some showcases for Iturbi, who was apparently a big star at the time, who effectively interrupted the plot and who seems more than a little corny at the moment. I just watched another movie that happened to have great music, Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996), but that, mistakenly, prevented the plot from being transformed into a concert film periodically. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs that drive and are an integral part of the story and concert windows that look like contractual obligation material. <br /> <br /> There are also some plotting problems. It is not very well established why Brady is so against Doolittle's pursuit of Abbott. We may assume that Brady thinks Doolittle should not engage with someone who has to look after a child, and who seems relatively "fit" and traditional, but, on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same womanizing disposition as Brady admits of itself. Abbott seems to be a good choice for Doolittle, and in addition, Lennart works hard to establish that Brady just wants to take Doolittle out of her hair and keep meeting Lola - it looks like Brady's character should be quickly pawning Doolittle on any candidate, if she is a good option or not. This may seem like a little detail, but in fact it's the hinge of about a third to half the plot. The story also seems a bit extensive. Length is a problem. Anchors The Aweigh, clocked at approximately two hours and twenty minutes, should have been shortened by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above text certainly sounds like I'm complaining too much about the movie to justify 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as flaws because the conventional wisdom about Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that has no flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. They perform in good and interesting performances. Does Sinatra look and act much younger than his actual age of 29? 30 during shooting. He plays an exceptionally naive virginal character - completely different than most of the roles he would later take, and unlike his public image as a singer. For Kelly, this was her hit movie, and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his performance. Grayson is charming, his performance is sophisticated and simply gorgeous. All this helps to overcome the flaws with the script and the extended rhythm. <br /> <br /> And there's even a very interesting element that probably only comes about because Sidney managed to spread through a wide variety of moods - the infamous dance Kelly with Jerry the Mouse (of "Tom and Jerry" fame ) in an extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the first examples of combining live action and animation, and is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you are a fantasy fan. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best in the film. Combined with dance excellence with Jerry the Mouse is a long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady is imagining Abbott in a scene from a period film while he courts her, having to resort to stunts to achieve it physically she stands on a high balcony. As uneven and imperfect as the movie, it is largely successful and fun to watch. Fans of classical musicals certainly should not miss Anchors Aweigh, nor even Sinatra fans who will be very happy with their character.
