This film (as Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - which was later shown on the Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for a single musical sequence that earned a place on Gene Kelly's album: as Fred Astaire dancing with a clothes rack and then dancing around from a bedroom walls and ceiling, this movie had Gene Kelly dancing in a cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well done. What you forget is that Kelly is telling the story behind the cartoon sequence for Dean Stockwell and his fellow school students during a break in the day, and sets the stage for the sequel making Stockwell and the others close their eyes and imagine pastoral type of background. Kelly even changes the navy blues he wears in a blue "Pomeranian" uniform with blue stripes. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. He really speaks - a first that he has not repeated for many decades. He also finally puts Tom Cat in his rightful place - Tom briefly appears as King Jerry's butler, trying to cheer him up with a cheese plate. <br /> <br /> But the cartoon sequence with Kelly took about seven minutes. the film. Much more of this quirky film is taken over by Kelly's story about the four-day loss in Hollywood, and how Kelly ends up meeting Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) chasing after Jose Iturbi at the MGM movie studio at the Hollywood Bowl and at Iturbi's . Own house. Except that the two sailors do not want to do any harm, this movie could have been quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific, and is receiving a medal as a result. They are among the crew in California who are receiving a four-day license. But screenwriters (to boost what would be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with a "Lola," an invisible girl in Hollywood) put Gene with Frank. Frank seems to be one of those idiots who appear in movies after movies from filmmakers (particularly musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and need "instruction" about finding girls (or guys, if the characters are women). Frank insists that Gene help him "teach" him to get a girl. At that point, a police officer takes them to headquarters to help the cops with a little boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the Navy (and will not give the police their real name and address). When a Protestant Kelly is able to get this information from Stockwell, asking some direct questions (which the cops could not ask), they insist that Kelly take the boy to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly gets overwhelmed with increasingly complicated problems (mainly due to Sinatra's simplistic view on things). He misses seeing Lola the next day sleeping late - Sinatra felt that he seemed so quiet that he did not wake him. He continues to be dragged back to Grayson's house, as Sinatra feels she is the right woman for himself but needs Kelly to train him in making love. <br /> <br /> I suppose my plot presentation might annoy AWEIGH fans, but I find that kind of annoying story. While the singing, dance and concert music of Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are first class, it's annoying to have to take the idiocy of someone like Sinatra's character seriously. In the real world, Kelly would have beat him initially by following him at the start of the four-day leave - what right does he have to insist (as Sinatra does) that someone saving his life should help him learn how to date? That kind of crap always ruins the full effects of a musical for me - unless the musical numbers are so superior that they make me forget that sort of nonsense. <br /> <br /> Iturbi's chase is equally annoying. Kelly tries to make Grayson like Sinatra when he says that Sinatra can get a meeting with Jose Iturbi to test his ability to sing. For much of the rest of the picture Sinatra and Kelly try to do that, and continue to struggle (at one point - for no good reason - Grayson herself destroys Kelly's attempt to get an interview at MGM with Iturbi). It's just sheer luck (that Iturbi feels sorry for an embarrassed Grayson) for her to audition for his talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends up with Grayson. It's not that Sinatra's conscience can help her see Iturbi makes him ashamed to have bothered her (but not by pulling Kelly on her, as unbelievable as it sounds) and accidentally stumbles upon finding a waitress (Pamela Britton) from Brooklyn. And of course, without any help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily "scriptwriter"!
