Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day vacation in Hollywood. Joe knows all about girls and can hardly wait to see Lola while Clarence is shy and needs some advice from his friend about meeting girls. They then come across a little boy, Donald Martin, who ran away to join the Navy. They take him home and meet his beautiful Aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girlfriend, but his shyness gets in the way. But he does not feel shy with a waitress, who comes from Brooklyn as he does .oon Joe realizes he's in love with Susie. The boys have a problem when they lie to Susie when they meet him. a great producer of music that they do not even know. How they are fixed in their feelings. George Widney Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Frank Sinatra is fantastic as the shy guy from Brooklyn. It's not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he does his part well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, we lost this talented actress and soprano singer last month at the age of 88. Dean Stockwell, 9, does an incredible job as the little fellow wanting to become a sailor.Jose Iturbi does a great job performing.It's magical what he does with the piano.Edgar Kennedy plays the head of the police station.Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There's a lot of good stuff in this movie and some fantastic numbers of singing and dancing. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra singing "We Hate to Leave". He is so energetic. "If you only knew Susie (as I know, Susie)" is pretty funny. It's a good time when Frank sings Brahms "Lullaby to little Dean Stockwell.It's lovely to hear Grayson singing the tango" Jealousy. "The most memorable sequence is one that leads to the animated fantasy world, and there Gene sings and dances with Jerry Mouse is also seen as the butler.He originally as Mickey Mouse, but he declined.The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for the Original Music Score.Anchors Aweigh is a high entertainment class.
