ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two eager young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), get a four-day special permit for the beach. Anxious to get to the girls, particularly Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn imagine the interruption of little Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his Aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Inexperienced in the ways of women and dating, Brooklyn quickly asks Joe to help him beat Aunt Susie. Along the way, however, Joe finds himself falling for the girl he thinks belongs to his best friend. How will Brooklyn take this betrayal? And Joe ends up with Susie, who also loves him? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw the ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as in the NA CITY, the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration of 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best film in terms of plot and structure - all the dances and songs fit the moment of the plot, and they developed the characters and the story instead of hindering them. However, both times I left feeling that ON THE TOWN is the best movie in general. Having seen the two films for the third time, I continue with this judgment. Somehow, ON THE TOWN, as a movie and piece of entertainment, is just lighter, more joyful, pure and simply * happier *. The numbers are more scandalous and less integral to the plot, and yet somehow works better than all the dances and singing in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not sure why that happens. The typical argument is that the last film is too long: in almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism to be made. I certainly felt the length the first two times I saw! However, it is also a movie that grows in you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in your production. And yet, something simply does not fit very well. It looks almost as if the script was being studied, and every single time Kelly could dance or Sinatra in the music was noticed, and that's exactly what happened. No opportunity to put together a musical number has been abandoned ... and this is probably the film's biggest weakness. He has 16 numbers (more or less), and no matter how much you are a fan of Kelly or Sinatra, this really starts to get a little numb after a while. (Contrast this, for example, with the ten numbers in ON THE TOWN.) You can feel that every song, every dance, can not be taken from the movie without missing it ... and that's true. But also because writers were no longer content to add them in the first place. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble does not mean there's nothing good in ANCHORS AWEIGH. The musical * is * splashy with great songs exploding everywhere, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ('We Hate to Leave', 'I Begged' and 'If You Knew Susie'), Sinatra's 'The charm of you' and best of all, 'I fall in love very easily'), and no doubt the always inventive, always breathtaking dance of Kelly. It's also hard to lose with such a caliber cast. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve on every viewing (her voice gets more dazzling than scary); The role of Jose Iturbi is written sympathetically and he does a great job with it; even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is cute and charming ... as close as anyone could get to Betty Garrett without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is adorable with those blue eyes and curls, and plays the innocent boy-man wonderfully (a role he plays in town). His singing is, as usual, simply flawless, from enunciation to time and phrasing. Your solo numbers may seem a bit tiresome, but when you have the voice of a century, showing this is probably a good reason to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene The pure genius of Kelly in this movie is worthy of its own paragraph. Third in the billing behind Sinatra and Grayson, respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH is actually Kelly's movie. His Joe Brady is a real and believable character - he's tough on the outside, he's smart and he's willing to lie when necessary to win a girl, but in fact he's the biggest softy on the inside. Kelly does this charming instead of nauseating but also gives Joe a real edge you see in the scene where Joe chases Brooklyn around the room with a genuinely murderous look on his face and his breakfast tray in his hands. And the * dance * - again, the film suffers from the syndrome of 'very good spoils the effect', as with the Sinatra song. But again, whether it's Gene Kelly doing the softshoe, or touching the entire canvas with a sailor outfit or dressed as a thug boss ... you too can err on the side of exaggerating! All of Kelly's dances are breathtaking, be it the simplicity of her hit number with Sinatra for 'I Begged Her', her 'Mexican Hat Dance' with the sweet-eyed girl, or her lavish Spanish-influenced dance ' The Cumparsita '. Of course, the classic image left in the minds of the public of all time would be Kelly in his red, white, and blue sailor suit, dancing with Jerry Mouse of Tom & Jerry fame. A well-deserved memory of gold film for sure - it's not always that you can be said to be impressed by the special effects of a 1945 film, given the saturation of the CGI in the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry are still great, with Kelly always pounding in their seats and looking exactly where he needs to look. It's possible that the only people who could actually accompany Gene Kelly are Kelly (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It is no doubt that this first bold and inventive dance of Kelly with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in film history and the hearts of classic movie aficionados. But it's also notable for being the first of three Kelly / Sinatra film collaborations, and despite having been rather extensive, still a good couple of hours of entertainment. Watch first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you know it! 7.5 / 10
