The arrival of the white men in the arctic of Canada defies the freedom of a fearless hunter ESKIMO. <br /> <br /> W. S. Van Dyke, peripatetic director of MGM, was responsible for this fascinating look at life in the Arctic among the Inuit. His production was filmed in locations from April 1932 to November 1933 (although some annoying rear projection effects show that some of the footage took place in the studio). Although considered a documentary at the time, we would probably call it 'docudrama', as it is scripted with an intriguing plot and plot. <br /> <br /> The film depicts the Eskimo's daily life, both in winter and summer. and, in fact, begins in the hottest time of the year, with no snow or ice in sight. The constant search for food is portrayed, and the viewer watches the exciting walrus, polar bear, whale and caribou hunts. The native language is used everywhere, with the use of title cards; the only English is spoken by fishermen & Mounties found by the Eskimo. In fact, it is the arrival of the White Men, both good and bad, and the change they make in Eskimo society, which is an important element in the narrative. This pre-code film deals with a nicely frank way with the Eskimo moral code, particularly with its practice of sharing wives, which was an important and completely innocent part of their culture. In fact, the entire film can be enjoyed as a valuable look at a lifestyle that was rapidly disappearing even in the early 1930s. <br /> <br /> None of the actors gets screen credit, which is one pity, since they are some remarkable performances. Chief among them is Ray Wise, who plays the main role of Mala, the Eskimo. Wise (1906-1952) was an Alaskan native of Inuit descent and is absolutely splendid and perfectly believable in what was a very demanding part. As handsome as any Hollywood star, he would continue to act, using Ray Mala's name, in a sporadic movie career, often in tiny roles. The lovely Luso-Hawaiian actress Lotus Long plays Mala's loyal second. wife; the names of the excellent actresses who play their other two wives are now obscure. Director Woody Van Dyke walks in front of the cameras as a strict inspector of the Northwest Mounted Police. The two good-hearted goodwillers who must hand over Mala to Canadian justice are played by Joe Sawyer and Edgar Dearing, both longtime movie actors. Danish author Peter Freuchen, whose books the film was based on, has a vivid and brief role of an evil wooden paws captain who insensibly arouses Mala's icy anger.
