D.W. Griffith could have made any film he wanted after the enormous financial success of "The Birth of a Nation"; he chose to make the film technically more ambitious by that date, "Intolerance." He ventured with these innovations in the making and in the form of films, and the well-known wreck of the financial train resulted. Buster Keaton does not take this kind of risk with "Three Ages", a parody of "Intolerance." This is Keaton's first feature film (he only starred in 'The Saphead'). He had the plan to split the three episodes of this movie into three short films, which Griffith did with Intolerance. Keaton did not have to. Chaplin had already made it through feature-length comedies, so if Keaton was venturing here, it was fully calculated. Chaplin had already done a parody of another film too, with 'Burlesque on Carmen' (1915). Keaton seems to allude to this movie as well. The Roman wrestling scene in the episode of Ancient Rome refers to the sword fight that turns into a fight in the Chaplin movie. The comic distance of the plot of both scenes is the same as well. In addition, Chaplin's film imitated Carmen's brilliant style by DeMille, and Chaplin's film seemed to pay homage to this film. Keaton does not attempt the radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature in his parody, but seems respectful of "intolerance", however. At least stories are not directly told as in other post-intolerance films such as Dreyer's "Book of Satan" (Blade af Satans Marsh, 1921) and Fritz Lang's "Destiny" (Der Müde Tod, 1921 ). ). There is a slight back and forth movement between the episodes. <br /> <br /> Where Keaton took risks, however, is in his physical and audacious comedy. This is Keaton unintentionally not jumping through buildings in the modern episode. Allegedly, he was persuaded to change the scene instead of trying the jump again. And it was not just Keaton who took risks; the anachronistic baseball gag, for example, was quite dangerous. So, although in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, took risks with his great film. And I think they were both successful.
