A notable cinematic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars that went to actors playing characters who were physically or mentally deficient. The first was Marlee Matlin's "Children of a Lesser God" award in 1986, and the next ten years went to another "Best Actress" award (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor". "awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for Rain Man, Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for My Left Foot, Al Pacino in 1992 for Scent of a Woman, Tom Hanks in 1994 for Forrest Gump and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine") for portraits of the handicapped. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is herself deaf, but all others are healthy. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon elicited some adverse comment at the time, When Jodie Foster failed to win "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw this as evidence of a reaction against this kind of I thought the 1992 prize should have gone to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead of Pacino, but other than that I disagreed I would have Hanks, and I preferred the performance of N igel Hawthorne in "The Madness of King George". In that film, of course, Hawthorne played a mentally ill character. <br /> <br /> "My Left Foot" was based on the autobiography of Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children of a working class family from Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy and, at first, was mistakenly considered mentally deficient as well. For a long time he was incapable of deliberate or speaking movements, but eventually discovered that he could control the movements of a part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes, and went on to become a painter and a published novelist and poet. <br /> <br /> Life in the working class of Dublin in the 1930s and 40s can be difficult, and the town that Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here is in many ways a dark, gray place and discouraging, very different. of our normal idea of ​​"Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another Irish-themed film, "In the Name of the Father"). Against this, however, must be defined the joy and spirit of its people, especially the Brown family. Much of Christy's success was due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believed in the intelligence hidden under a crippled exterior and his brothers. We see how his brothers used to spin him in a specially made wagon and how they helped his father build a proper room for Christy in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily have slipped into sentimentality and turned out to be just another "triumph over adversity" movie. This is not due to several factors, especially the magnificent performance. Throughout his career, Day-Lewis has given a number of great performances, but this, along with the recent "There Will Be Blood", is his best. He is never less than 100% convincing as Christie; His tortuous and abrupt movements and strained attempts to speak convince us that we are actually assisting a disabled person, though intellectually we are well aware that Day-Lewis is physically capable. Other outstanding performances include Fiona Shaw as her mentor Dr Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as Christy and Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother, who earned her the award for Best Supporting Actress. <br /> <br /> The other reason the film escapes sentimentality is that it does not attempt to sentimentalize its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but he could also be difficult to live, and the film gives us a picture of "warts and all." He was a heavy drinker, given the dirty language and prone to angry outbursts. He can also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, this also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his wicked sense of humor. Day-Lewis's acting is not only physically compelling, in that it convinces us to believe in her character's deficiency but also emotionally and intellectually convincing in that it reveals all these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won amid strong opposition from Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was well deserved. 8/10
