Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a cerebral palsy victim who uses "My Left Foot" to write and paint in this incredible 1989 film. The film also stars Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw, and Hugh O'Conor. His brilliant performances, brilliant script and wonderful direction by Jim Sheridan help paint a vivid portrait of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49. <br /> <br /> Brown was born in a lower position. a middle-class Catholic family where her mother was constantly pregnant (22 children in total, 13 of whom survived). His father considered Christy mentally retarded and physically deficient, but he did not allow his son to go to a house. The children of the family would say goodbye to him every day while they went to school, and then his mother would feed him and talk to him. <br /> <br /> In the film, Fricker conveys the feel of a woman. who, despite being surrounded by a huge family, needs someone to talk to. Christy does not speak back. Eventually a cart is found for him to ride, and the neighborhood kids, all of whom have known him since he was a baby, include him in all his activities. The only part of his body that works very well is his left foot, and when children find out how well he kicks, they put him in football games just for that purpose. One of the coolest parts of the movie is the laid-back way the other kids treat it. There are many powerful scenes, but none as powerful as Christy, writing "Mother" on the floor, holding a piece of chalk between her toes. "He's a real Brown," says the father, lifting him up on his shoulders and taking him to the pub. Entering the pub, he announces: "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy grows because he has the desires and emotions of a boy. He develops passions, is rejected and enters more into himself, turning to painting. Eventually he goes into therapy at a nearby clinic and works with a therapist, Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. He falls in love with her. When he finds out she's engaged, he's almost mad. But he survives to live, to paint, to write (three books in total) and to love again. <br /> <br /> Because it's a film, out of necessity certain things had to be left out and characters combined. Brown was not diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time, which was left out of the film. The therapist Eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic figures in Christy's life, and although we know that her mother believed he had a good mind, in fact, she worked very hard with Christy when he was a child teaching him the alphabet, etc. In addition, prior to Mary, Christy had a 12-year relationship with the woman to whom he dedicated "My Left Foot." And the typical Hollywood ending, 9 years before his death, where neglect by his wife may have been a factor, does not end the story. <br /> <br /> Despite all of this, Christy Brown's biopic is incredibly powerful, all the more so because of two performances: Hugh O'Conor as the Christy girl and Daniel Day-Lewis as the adult Christy. O'Conor's facial expression and the way he drags his deformed body are distressing. One is exhausted to him and heartbroken at the same time. <br /> <br /> And what can be said about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - he brings Christy fully to life, an entirely polished Out, intelligent human being able to swear, angry, bitter, drunk, aggressive, lascivious, funny, and loving. A well-deserved Oscar won the same year that Tom Cruise was nominated for "Born on the Fourth of July." I remember someone writing a letter to the editor somewhere that Cruise was so sensational, what was wrong with the Academy? Nothing for a change. Absolutely nothing. <br /> <br /> Brenda Fricker is amazing as Christy's mother, who never fails to believe in him and what he can do and who keeps his family and husband together during difficult times. The wonderful thing about Fricker's performance is that support, love and work ethic seem to come naturally to the mother. The character would never consider himself a hero or someone doing something out of the ordinary. Fricker shows us a religious but not fanatical woman who believes that her duties on earth are a good wife and mother. And no matter what, even when her husband is unemployed, she throws her daughter out of the house for being pregnant, whatever she gets. She saves money for Christy's wheelchair, she gets photos of her daughter and baby, she starts to build a room for Christy in the back of the house. It's all part of a day's work. An Oscar-winning performance she received. <br /> <br /> Brown's life was more complicated than this inspiring movie, but this is an incredible achievement for all involved and a must-see.
