A French novelist, disgusted by the friends of his wife's society, goes to North Africa for a break. There he meets a lively and talented Bedouin girl, living in poverty. In spite of his wife, who is dating a Maharaja, he decides to train and educate the girl, and introduce her to Parisian society like PRINCESS TAM TAM ... The wonderful Josephine Baker is perfectly listed the title role in this very enjoyable French film. With her huge eyes and infectious smile, she makes immediate contact with the strings of the viewer's heart. Her oversized personality and the obvious joy of playing make her a pure pleasure to watch. Baker makes us care what is happening to poor Alwina during her transformation and introduction to European customs. <br /> <br /> Albert Préjean does very well as the Pygmalion for Galatea by Baker; are also effective Georges Peclet as a servant of half the castes, and Jean Galland as the mysterious Maharaja. <br /> <br /> The film is very beautiful and well done, looking a little remnant of the Busby Berkeley films being produced at the same time. time in America - although unlike the American films of this period, PRINCESS TAM TAM has no racism. It should be noted that there was no Hays office or production code in France. Some of the dialogues and actions are quite provocative, but it should be admitted that Baker singing and dancing "Under the African Sky" as well as his culminating performance in the Parisian nightclub are two of the most memorable moments in the cinema. Josephine Baker was born in St. Louis in 1906 in a very poor family. Her talent and ambition to drive, however, soon led her to move to the East and she was briefly a member of the cast of Ziegfeld Follies. Realizing that America in the mid-1920s had major limitations for a talented black woman, she managed to go to Paris, where she joined Foliés-Bergeres & Le Negre Revue. The French adored her and she became a great celebrity. A brief return to America in 1935 showed Baker that things have not changed for African Americans. She returned to France, became a French citizen and worked for the Resistance during the early days of the war. Baker moved to Morocco for the time being and entertained the allied troops stationed there. <br /> <br /> After the war, Baker's fortune began to fall and she faced many financial and personal difficulties. For a time she was banned from returning to the United States. Finally, Baker accepted an offer from Princess Grace of Monaco to reside in the Principality. Josephine Baker was on the verge of a comeback when she died of a stroke in 1975 at the age of 68. <br /> <br /> Having appeared in only two decent films - ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger of becoming obscure. But she deserves her place alongside Chevalier, Dietrich & Robeson, as one of the truly legendary artists of her generation.
