Jackie Chan's classic film, POLICE STORY (1985), is among the most influential and exaggerated modern police officers of all time in Hong Kong. Jackie simply wanted to make a film that included the usual kung fu and also a fierce twist and other "urban" actions that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. two elements of action and styles and the result is as wild as it seems. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police officer who protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who soon testify against a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is played by young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as crazy here as she would be in her subsequent roles as Johnnie To's Heroic Trio (and continuation), Soul Savior by Corey Yuen and David Lai and many many others . The plot in the history of the police is very simple, but it is the action by which this film was made in the first place. Jackie did of course do all the stunts of his character by himself and also hurt himself very badly in Some scenes, some of which are also in the complete film, such as the end where Jackie hits his head (close to the eye ) through a piece of very unpleasant sharp glass. Also members of Jackie's stunt staff were almost killed during the filming of this film. The scene where a bus stopped just before Jackie, spitting hijackers through the windshield, was pretty bad when the bus stopped too early and the stunts did not fly as they should. They were supposed to fly in the parked car in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they crossed the asphalt with injuries at the hospital level. During the final credits, there are images and images of the injured actors behind the scenes and everything looks very bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was killed or very severely injured. <br /> <br /> The action is more than abundant and imaginative as can be expected by the director (action) Chan. The now legendary bus scene and shopping mall scene at the end are the wildest scenes any action movie was able to offer. Jackie always tells how important the editing is (which is true) and really shows in her action scenes and her time that it's perfect and makes the movies look ultra-kinetic when compared to Hollywood's efforts, for example. There are almost no slow moments here and also those moments are interesting and the film never becomes boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But there is again a downside that I can not stand in HK action comedies, which is this comedy itself. The comedy is not funny, especially when the mistakes and amateur elements in the screenplay are not there by chance, but because of the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of bad script and stupid dialogues. I mean those scenes like the assassination attempt at the beginning, when the killer just screams and grimaces and acts like a drunken clown from a nightmare of clowning, and he's there to "murder" that girl. This kind of acting is stupid and unfit and I would not want to see it in a movie that would otherwise be very good in its own genre. The characters also speak their thoughts, which is also a bad road sign, because these "noisy thoughts" exist just to make things clear to the most stupid spectator and thus make things very simple and "light". Even if the film is comical and not so serious, that kind of stupidity should not be there and they can not be forgiven very easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE HISTORY is a fast speed, full impact, balls in the action of the walls miracle of Hong Kong adventure and the time when Jackie was very sad because of the bad result he got with the USA produced The Protector as he did not have the same thoughts about the film as director James Glickenhaus had and so the result please audiences and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make a more personal and inventive film. Which he definitely did and the result is as wild today as it was back in the 80s. This is one of the most insane action movies ever, and would be a little perfect without the glitches I mentioned. 7/10
