Jackie Chan's cop story is a landmark film for both Honk Kong's action genre and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Directed / written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot as well as all the movies of that era. and genre, and like most films of the genre Police Storys, the script is nothing to celebrate. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a cool cop cop, struggling to convict the local gang lord. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and by no means the best directing effort Jackie Chan has given us, that responsibility falls to the underrated masterpiece "Miracles." However, the work that Jackie directs is sufficient and respectable. The highlight for the direction of the film comes with the fight scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this film also vary with Jackie giving a typical and good character typical of Chan, but this is by no means his best actor role, which can be seen in the film directed by Sammo Hung " Heart of the Dragon ". The other actors in the film also perform as well as Jackie, with Bridgete Lin reasonably playing her part of the involuntary testimony, but she also does not demonstrate her full acting potential. The featured performance comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackies' suffering girlfriend and Bill Tung as the friendly and funny police chief. None of the performances in this film are of a standard low enough to affect the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the film is what really separates this film from others with stunning contemporary choreography to fit the modern, urbanized setting, action is one of the greatest fighting scenes ever seen on camera. To begin with, there is a shootout in the favela where Koo (ganglord) is making a drug deal, although it is not a John Woo style sequel, that serves as a good start to the film. Then follows the famous car that descends on the slope and crosses the heart of the favela destroying everything in sight. This is a breathtaking sequel that has since been blatantly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film is another highlight sequence as Jackie tries to carry Bridgete Lin from his home to his. This is really the first scene in which we can see the impressive fast melee combat that has since become the norm for all modern martial art films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and perfectly edited to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the highlight fight sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence features some of Chans best choreography, acrobatics and camera / editing work. This sequence is now famous for two things, the amount of people sent through high density glass, which has to be said a phenomenal amount of people, and the feat at the end where Jackie jumps from a 5th floor balcony, grabs to a pole and slide down through a glass roof (this has to be seen to be believed). While the two factors mentioned are both exceptionally brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this fight sequence is Chans' ability to incorporate anything in the wake of the fight and the pure originality of the choreography, which for me has never been surpassed. I also believe that the action in Police Story is one of the best shot and edited actions of Chans' career, helping to separate the action from the others. <br /> <br /> Overall, Police Story, despite its plot and script and more than running in the middle due to plot plot, is one of the best action movies of all time, showing the best choreography of Chan , the best filmed action and undoubtedly its most spectacular feat, making this vision essential for everyone. After all, we watched a Chan movie for action !!
