This is my favorite movie of Jackie Chan and in an interview, Jackie said that was his favorite too. It contains some unbelievable acrobatics and chin-wrestling strings as well as some very funny scenes as well. This movie was a favorite of Brandon Lee, who used parts in Rapid Fire, and was also raised in Tango and Cash, which used some of the opening scenes. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays a police officer in Hong Kong. The story immediately jumps to a fantastic chase through a favela and continues as Jackie descends a hill and jumps on a moving bus to catch the evil Ku (who is one of the biggest villains in any Jackie Chan movie). You can expect some really funny scenes as Jackie tries to balance his duty as a cop with his girlfriend, played by Maggie Chung. His job is to protect Ku's secretary who has enough information to overthrow him, but even this poses many problems. Jackie is at her absolute best here. The last fight scene at the mall is my favorite fight scene for anyone - period. It was the most intense fight I've ever seen Jackie make and climaxes on a slide on a pole amid exploding lights. All in all, one of his greatest tricks he has ever done and left him with the stained skin of his hands. He was fortunate not to have been electrocuted because the person in charge of the stunt used high voltage instead of a lower voltage. <br /> <br /> All in all, another Chan classic and definitely one of his biggest movies. At the end of this movie, you can say that he did not hold anything and neither did his stunts. So many of his stunts were injured during this movie that no one else would hold them - Jackie had to take responsibility. There are no tricks, threads or substitutes - it's all real-life action that is a pleasure to watch. It's this kind of action that made him the phenomenon he is and it's a movie that will amaze people 100 years from now. If you have not yet seen this movie and are a fan of Jackie Chan or action in general, give yourself a surprise and watch this movie. It's truly sensational.
