Shakespeare Behind Bars was an oddly uplifting documentary, despite its content. Convicted at the Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who raped, murdered, etc? and surrounded by bad people in an obviously depressing environment, finds something that really enjoys and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes for 'Shawshank Redemption' with their institutionalized natures and pursuit of forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. As we follow a generous, non-judgmental Director, who gives up his time each year to direct certain prisoners in a play chosen by William Shakespeare (this time the 'Tempest', who was cleverly portrayed with detainees who could relate both with their pervasive focus on forgiveness and redemption in which they trust and relate) are presented to each actor in formal interviews that are well paced, with fragmented scenes of them rehearsing. Each actor has their own story and account of their regrets and reasons why they are there in an emotional way with melancholic music about each in a traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. The director seems to immediately realize who the most interesting detainees in Sammie (and later, Hal) were, and allows for a longer and deeper observation on the man and his personality. His presence is felt on screen and his personal revelations are a shock to the public, but they give him such an appeal in his emotional personality and a particular empathy is felt towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the film. He has other things he does to pass the time which is shown as a comfortable pastime as if it were a newscast program on the site. Again, through personal interviews and revelations self-admitted by Hal (and well shot cuticles of Hal's body language, not the close-ups of his uncertain hand movement not only observed with him but others as well), in particular his heart felt story about being insecure and afraid of his true sexuality in a society that would not purely accept him as a homosexual until later in the film where he is shown to be quite sarcastic and rude with other prisoners involved in the play as if he were consider above all else. they, in particular to Ron, who already has a frustrating temper in his acting. The relationship between all the inmates involved in the play is shown as respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves. With good (if not cliché) time moves passing with titles etc ?? everything seems to go right in the first act, and then in the development for the public performance, things predictably go wrong. An induction of one of the actors being transferred and his character being replaced by a younger, younger inmate gives the narrative a nice subplot on someone who promises to be great, but ultimately disappoints everyone and does not meet their expectation. A particular inmate (Big-G) welcomes the new imprisoned actor (Rick) with an evident desire to spur him on his beloved practice and hopefully become a good role model. The film seems to capture each detainee's passion so well with something the public can relate to, especially when Rick is put on the 'Hole' to get new tattoos (something well suggested earlier in the film when the director for a random inmate in the yard and asks him when he has a tattoo on his arm and we learn that it is a punishable offense in the facility) and Big-G's deception is deeply understood. A happy ending? Everything looks great when they are performing successfully (even though they are invited to perform elsewhere) and a real sense of unity echoes around them, but in the end, the film brings everyone back to earth that this is short lived and everything they ever had or wanted was and will always be taken from them. He is back in prison to pay for his crimes and no matter what redemption they seek in performing these plays, they will not be free men, their proud performances and recognition are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the lower criminals and a beautiful stop in the uplifting music that touches the photo of a long corridor that coincides with the lights fading and the doors closing is a powerful image of its oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he was watching kind people in the documentary for additional information at the end of the movie in each future actors of the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them now.
