If you're going to make a play inside the prison walls, why not look for the best playwright William Shakespeare? And if you will choose your cast from a lot of criminals who serve long sentences for the most heinous crimes, you can be sure that there will be plenty of time for rehearsals. In a Kentucky Correctional Prison, such a brave project came with surprising results. This film shows how everything was done - the casting - the rehearsals - the stage and costumes - and the final performance of Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". This has not occurred to me before, but there is an analogy between the scenario of the play and the correctional prison. In the play, the characters destroyed by ships are confined to an island without contact with the outside world. Life in prison is also very similar. With a simple painting of a surrounding landscape, the characters in an assortment of more enjoyable costumes below their lines to an audience of approval, may not be as Shakespeare intended, but with a good heart and true sincerity, for sure. <br /> <br /> More interesting than the play itself were the small appearances of every man behind his character. One inmate saw the play as a lesson in forgiveness, another in redemption of their sins. It was very moving to watch the men wipe away a tear as they spoke of murder, shooting, and strangulation. He had the feeling that everyone would like to go back in time and reconsider his brutal actions. However (as someone else said) the past was past, and the present was the beginning of a new future. At least the piece gave temporary relief to the depressing thoughts of past events. <br /> <br /> Prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and hopefully other prisons could follow suit. It seems to me that everyone is benefiting not only from the Kentucky jail, but from the prisoners themselves who need to find new confidence and self-esteem and be prepared for the day they go on parole.
