Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad about American movies with a gay subject. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are some other notable American films with the kind of depth and sincerity like this movie, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, an Israle and Palestinians, respectively. Their relationship is complicated by tensions between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships, will have difficulty dealing with who will be next or who will say "I love you" first. The early love of Noam and Ashwar is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept and like Ashwar, which is Arabic, it is clear that most citizens of Tel Aviv probably do not. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments, and there are many in this movie, is when Noam and Ashwar watch a production of "Bent." We, as moviegoers, see them watching this play, and the effect it has on them is deeply captured in their eyes. And finally, this touching moment is played in a very sad way at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are excellent as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant at creating a compelling and interesting remake of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies today have sex in them, (almost like a sport), this goes back to the old tried and true version of sex with love and passion combined. It's so refreshing. It's also refreshing to see two gay men being portrayed as people and not as caricatures. There are cartoon characters in this movie. It's just not the two gays for a change. Somewhere on this site, I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends". Well, not really. Yes, these are young characters stumbling on their first steps in adulthood and in relationships. But I do not remember being "blown up" as a backdrop for the insipid stories of "Friends." <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. You have heart and heartbreak. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in its intact glory of full bloom. Still, it's a very satisfying movie to watch.
