This film is a complete re-imagining of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one of Tel Aviv and one of Nablus. There is a border between them and a constant state of war with the Israeli army always present everywhere and Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is bleak enough. We can imagine love in this huge trap without love. But the film goes several light years ahead imagining that the two lovers are gay, Tel Aviv's Noam and Ashraf of Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is off limits in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities is thus doubled with a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But this might even be possible if the war did not bring some extra dimension. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister about being gay. She can not accept it, but she agrees to talk about it later. Since the wedding, the newly married husband sends a command to Tel Aviv to mount a bomb attack. It happens at a cafe in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is badly injured. Bad enough. Isareli's army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but gets sour and the newly married woman is shot dead in the street. The funeral follows the marriage. The husband and widower are volunteers for a suicide attack. Ashraf offers to take his place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill some people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a restaurant run by some friends of Noam. But Noam sees him and leaves to talk to him. Ashraf returned to the middle of the street and detonated his bomb when Noam reached him on the street. Revenge reunites the two lovers in death. We have the double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can impose peace, or worse, the Prince seems to have chosen sides and to be on the side of Israel. The game is totally false and death is certain on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is even stronger because it is redoubled by a play in the film, a play that shows love at Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. This is surprisingly strong and overwhelmingly shocking: gay love at Auschwitz. What comes out of the film is that there in Tel Aviv or Nablus love is impossible. The film is therefore a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine which can not but continue, although there is no reason to exist, although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never have let Britain deal with the region for a long time. Today we have to find a solution in which no one is humiliated. This will only succeed if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. But so far everyone is trying to prevent the general confrontation and the discussion from preferring bilateral manipulations. So suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course not sex, since children are needed for the war to continue: so let us breed more and more soldiers. But love is just an extra-terrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University & Paris University 1 Sorbonne Pantheon
