It's hard not to like Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films, which describe life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gays can have in those regions. In addition, he also gave voice to the young generations, and to the remarkable part of them, who really need peace and who no longer want to know about a war that has long marked the existence of people, both in Israel and in Palestine. . These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to consider Fox a remarkable director, even when his feeling for the melodrama is a bit out of control. However, fans of his films (which he noticed in team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-writer and also life partner) seem not to be bothered with, since his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH) , is having the same success as the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo and Juliet," set nowadays in Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and one Palestinian) in place of the two young Shakespearean lovers, the film is actually quite different from that, or rather, it is something else. In fact, the title bubble is the world apart in which the protagonist, Noam, played the rapper Ohad Knoller (Yossi at YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must confess that I miss Jagger, the surprising Yehuda Levi!) And his two co Tenants, a boy and a girl, chose to live. About thirty years of age, restless, witty and firm (although the protagonist only spent a period as a national service at a checkpoint on the border with Palestine) to live a life that will not be made only of war. The two boys are gay and, along with the girl, have created a trio in which they love and support each other fraternally. Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (the TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws so far in force between the group are neglected, but not the willingness to help a friend. Still, it will not be easy for Noam and his friends because Ashraf is a clandestine in Israel and meanwhile, his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know he is gay, is eager to settle his marriage with a beautiful woman. girl, who is related to the beloved brother of Ashraf, that he is also a terrorist and he will have a strong responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting if not automatic dualism) are stubborn and therefore tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film concentrates on the obstacles that the relationship between Noam and Ashraf encounters, he does not ignore the other characters, who end up being well-written (eg, Golan, Yelli's boyfriend, Noam's colleague, presented as a lively boor and then publicized as a sweeter and more open person) and skillfully accomplished (in addition to the two clues, we should not disregard the funny Zohar Liba and the lovely Daniela Virtzer, the girl in the gang, plus star of the LATO WEDDING Lior Ashkenazi appears as himself at one end). It also combines the dark shades with the brighter ones, even if the director can not dismiss a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie more than a month ago and meanwhile I thought about it, proving that Fox and his friend have a way of attacking at home.
