Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily touched by reports of unhappy love. Even more fascinating have always been the stories of impossible love, love that can not be. The latest film by Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox "The Bubble" is about it. And then it is not either. The title of the film refers to the "bubble" that is Tel-Aviv against the backdrop of Israel's political realities. Cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country does not have much in common with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank that also appears in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and odious atmosphere at Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it does not seem to have much in common with anything that surrounds it. The Tel Aviv "bubble" allows people to have a lifestyle that is not much different than what you might expect in any city in the West. Teenagers looking for Britney Spears albums, a lifestyle magazine looking for a sexy cover for their next issue, trendy people sitting in trendy cafes discussing fashionable things with cups of cappuccino and other trendy drinks while those at home watch the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this bubble that also has the potential to pack The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and, most of the time, try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the camp owner and manager of Orna & Ella, "a modern café, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the" crap that surrounds them. "Noam, a lightweight, quiet employee at a slightly avant- Lulu, the only woman in the group, is, on the contrary, linked to the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to be confined to "raves against the occupation." Yelli and Noam naturally and their political friends make rave-logo T-shirts, place posters and distribute leaflets in the neighborhood, and their main concern seems to be that there are never any real Palestinians participating and that the police can come and to ruin all the Palestinians.The closest they get to a real confrontation is when they get into a fight with some not so friendly inhabitants Palestinians who try to prevent them from distributing the flyers, in other words, predictable product of the bubble. "The opening scenes of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus, where we also find Noam making his reservation. A group of Palestinians is being carefully examined before entering Israel , among them a pregnant woman who suddenly goes into labor and gives birth to a stillborn despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who arrives in an ambulance.The woman is comforted by a young man who later appears in the door of Noam in Tel Aviv, with the ID card he dropped during the probation at the border, his name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and gay, and he did not come just to return his identity, he came to see Noam. to live in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of Noam's apartment mates, he stays.He soon gets a Jewish name and a job at Yelli's cafe.Having grown up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have an Arabic accent that allows him he and your new friends to hide your identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But this can not last. For it has become part of an equation that was never meant to be. At one point, Noam and Ashraf watch a play called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a loving relationship that may never become physical or visible to the neighboring guards. They find a way to be together on another level, a metaphysical level at which no one else has access. This is also where our couple arrives at the end. And it could not have been much different for them, not for Israel today. <br /> <br /> "The Bubble" is a political statement about the bubble that explodes when confronted with the political realities of today's Israel. the background of a beautiful and awkward love story involving an Israeli and a Palestinian, the impossible love story in a divided world where there are no such things as compromising or other colors than black and white. "The Bubble" is also a beautiful film about people, gays and heterosexuals, inhabiting that strange city, Tel-Aviv, shown through the eyes of people who really care about them. The premise of the film may have its flaws and the fatal chain of events may seem a bit misinterpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave it untouched.
