The Israeli / Palestinian conflict persists and while the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few have a clue to the other aspect of the division - the group of people who want peace and work to eradicate separation. Eytan Fox, in A BOLHA ('B-Buah'), created a much-needed alternative view of schism, choosing to tell a story that contains some good humor, a lot of love, and a taste of brutal reality. It is a window into a situation that calls for understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very "young" gay man working in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome and somewhat shy guy who, in addition to his daily work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time serving as guard at the city's checkpoints. It is during one of those guard weekends that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and a mutual attraction occurs. Ashraf (whom they call an Israeli name) and Ashraf and Noam establish a loving relationship, Yali hires Ashraf in his coffee, and Yali and Lulu continue to find love interests, too. All is well until Ashraf must return home for his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf was able to be openly gay with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is told that he should marry his sister's future sister. In an attempt to rescue Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguise themselves as French reporters to gain access to Ashraf. In a time of supposed seclusion, Noam and Ashraf are discovered kissing the future bridegroom, and this act is grounds for blackmail for Ashraf to remain "in the closet." <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, young people in Tel Aviv are dancing in an event to draw attention to peaceful coexistence, an attack occurs in Jerusalem - which has grave consequences not only immediately, but also in the revenge mission that Ashraf should take over now. The ending is tragic on many levels and emphasizes how serious the problem is between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The performance is so natural that, from both the comic and the tragic aspect, the public fully believes in them. beautiful young women. History finds the right balance between serious and carefree and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox an excellent writer / director. More people should watch this movie important and very good. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
