I'm currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so I could see this incredible movie. A little warning before beginning to write: I speak fluent Hebrew, and so the Hebrew parts were no problem; however, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic, and I could not understand a bit of that bit subtitled. It did not diminish my understanding of the film, but it made me miss some jokes that evoked some loud laughter in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema that many hailed as one of the movies. In the greatest years of homosexual cinema and relationships, you need something really special to stand head and shoulders above the rest; however, "The Bubble" outstrips all others with its mix of excellent acting, witty dialogues and relevant political climate. <br /> <br /> The movie opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; In the first moments, we are not sure about the type of movie we went through. However, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as its own character in this film. It is constantly referenced. Street names and names of restaurants are constantly changed. The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with the Tel companies Aviv and Palestine serving as a constant leaf. We always know their relationship is forbidden, and this creates a sense of urgency rarely present in the movies. Love is incredibly strong and represents the centerpiece of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: the extravagant relationship of restaurant owner Yelli (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) with the extraterrestrial Golan (Zohar Liba), is particularly a source of fun. The love scenes that abound in this film are all exquisite, refined works of art and cinematography is impressive: in the first love scene of the film, the camera leans when a male character has oral sex with Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) and dissolves in a shot of Noam and Ashraf. This scene has led many viewers to realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> To give more of the plot would be a tragedy, but know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that affects the current global political climate, so instead I will focus on the witty dialogue. Even when I watched this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing everywhere. Lines of private fun include the question of whether homosexual suicide bombers receive virgin women or men in the sky, and a Sampson analogy of the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in Cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is only used at times when the characters could legitimately or should be listening, and in one scene the music weakens when a character removes a headset and stops when he removes the other. Little elements like this actually elevate the movie. <br /> <br /> I could not give a bigger recommendation to a movie; this is an excellent movie job that is cathartic and extremely well crafted.
