This first part of the magnum opus by Crispin Glover asks you to think a bit, and why can not it be recommended for any viewer who does not want to sit and confuse the Glover images or follow the surprisingly simple but strangely overshadowed ?? of his narrative. To the more casual viewer, yes, it will probably look like a confused miscellany of weird, scary and disturbing images because of the imagination. <br /> <br /> You get the feeling that Glover does not care that this is the case, and he'll almost hear willingly because someone hated the movie because they liked it. Glover's innate eagerness for and about his work and how the audience interprets it is strongly communicated not only through the film itself but also through the unusual question-and-answer sessions he often performs after the screenings; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and dismiss the film is to label it as Dada or nihilist, a youthful attack on the modern film industry. an actor who worked both without and within. But there is a reason why Glover performs his slideshow before showing his film, and it is not just to sell books; his books juxtapose and create a narrative from images and texts that Glover brought together, and What is It? analogously with images taken from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is a captivating and compelling film in ways that are hardly expected during viewing. Much has already been done about the use of Glover actors with Down syndrome, and in fact this is one of the most striking aspects of the film. So shocking, in fact, that many seem to interpret it as a kind of long-range crusade to see a more realistic and / or dignified portrait of the disabled in the movies and on television - or, at the other extreme end of the spectrum, as a kind of the disabled. But neither is it, and perhaps this is part of what makes this film so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not politics or hatred, but look beyond the dominant culture into a kind of outsider ugliness. It's not a movie about Down's syndrome, but it's a movie that belongs to actors with Down syndrome that appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is totally enthusiastic when it comes to ugliness and strangeness to be portrayed so directly that it is beautiful; Luckily for me, this is exactly what is it like? is presented to viewers. Glover uses the strange images of snails, death and handicapped people, partly because he wants his audience to feel discomfort with the strangeness of the images or with the visceral reaction to the agonized screams of an anthropomorphized snail. In a way, the strangely convincing (and occasionally downright grotesque) elements of What Is It? Reminds me of the work of the painter Francis Bacon ?? he of the infamous popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably make the spectators to shrink and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, can Glover's film be opulent and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well-made? and the contradictions help make it even more disconcerting. But even so, this is not a wholly serious film, and it manages to avoid the biggest pitfalls of pretense through the use of humor, most often derived from the use (and juxtaposition) of familiar items, images, and names of popular culture . And when what is it? It's funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? is Glover's first astounding film as director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves to not be almost the distraction one might expect it to be. Watching is like being an observer in the kind of dream that is not exactly good or bad, but just weird? and it leaves you feeling a bit dirty when you wake up. If that's the kind of art you like, what's this? is likely to exceed your expectations and is worth the effort to catch him in the theater, along with The Big Slide Show and Glover himself. In short, it is an experience you will hardly forget soon.
