This movie stayed on my Tivo for weeks before watching it. I feared a self-indulgent yuppie movie about bad relationships. I was wrong; this was a tireless excursion to the crazed libidos of New Yorkers. <br /> <br /> The format is the same as that of Max Ophuls's La Ronde, based on a play by Arthur Schnitzler, who is given an "inspired by" credit. "It starts with one person, a prostitute, She is caught by a contractor who has sex with her in the hood of a car, but she can not go.He refuses to pay her.When he is peeing, she picks up her cell phone and picks up a She turns away with his keys. So the story changes to the contractor, who pays a professional call to a rich, bored New York woman who plays with him until he gets excited, then she tells him how desperate and unhappy she is, he tells her how beautiful and lucky she is.When he's leaving, she asks if he would have sex with her.She sits on top of him, jumps up This time he comes, he leaves. <br /> <br /> The wife and her husband make dinner for their fashionable friends. speaking business, wife (Ellen) is bored and changes the subject for sex, and how often men and women think about it. The husband changes the conversation into the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to lure Robert into sex. Robert does not want any of this and puts on a jazz record. Ellen turns on the radio; Robert increases the music; Ellen turns on the TV; Robert switches on another TV. Cacophony follows. Ellen climbs on the roof, Robert joins her. Ellen confesses that she needs to try on more men, men than Robert. Robert says he also needs to try men. <br /> <br /> Then we follow Robert when he visits an artist, Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I wish Buscemi had more roles like this, where he's a sexy, smart, and totally desirable guy. Robert praises Martin's work, much more than he deserves, promises to make it into a show. Martin is excited, until Robert is talking about his crotch, it's all a mating dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin on his lips, and Martin backs off, saying he's not gay. Robert claims he is not gay too, Martin mocks. Both admit that works of art are bad. Robert is about to leave when Martin allows Robert to kiss him. They get caught, and Robert goes down to Martin. <br /> <br /> Then we follow Martin as he prepares for an art show in a Manhattan gallery. He is injured by the receptionist, Anna, played by Rosario Dawson. (I had to cut a little of this review to keep it below 1000 words) ... and they make love to each other. <br /> <br /> Then we follow Anna, who is sitting on a lunch stand. Her boyfriend, Nick (Adrian Grenier), comes in with flowers. She is cold toward him; he tries to figure out why. He extracted from her the information that she had sex with someone while he was in San Francisco. She persuades the fact that he stayed with his ex boyfriend while in San Francisco and had sex with her. The latest revelation turns out to be a lie. The two do at the diner, but she decides they should split up. Nick is heartbroken. <br /> <br /> And we follow Nick, who confesses his troubles to an older woman he meets on a park bench, Joey (Carol Kane). Joey is kind of weird and childish, but he's a good audience for Nick, who needs a sympathetic ear. The two go to Coney Island at night and look at the stars. Nick falls under Joey's spell, despite the age difference between them. They go back to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually realizes he's about to have sex with a crazy old woman. She is on top of him, does not want to let him go. But he can escape. <br /> <br /> (This is, by the way, the best role of Carol Kane since she played Latke's wife in Taxi.) Joey's phone rings, and it's a man calling the Network of Psychic Friends. and Joey is one of the psychic friends. Although she is still suffering from Nick, she gradually enters her psychic state. The man is in his office, late at night, and wants to have phone sex with her. Although this is not Joey's account, Joey goes along and persuades the man to come. She wants to keep talking, even though the man wants to hang up and find out that he has diverted a lot of money from his company and will be found tomorrow. Your life is ruined. Joey realizes that the man is going to commit suicide, and she tries to make him believe that she is his friend, that she cares about him. And she cares about him. <br /> <br /> But the man puts a gun in his briefcase and goes out in search of a prostitute on the edge of Brooklyn, and we return to the beginning for the same prostitute who started La Ronde. She wants to give him $ 75,000 in cash if she kills him. He tried to kill himself, but he could not. The prostitute does not want to do this, but he insists, holding her hand, holding the gun inside his mouth, telling him where to aim. Eventually, the gun fires and we see the prostitute walking down the street and arriving at the corner where she usually does business. The contractor who did not pay her earlier in the movie drives, lower the window. They look at each other. THE END.
