What more could I say? Americans hated it totally because the cut in the US was so bad, although you could detect the underlying goodwill. Speaking about the US release (along with the recently released Blu-ray Disc version), it's faster and tighter than the HK cut, the background songs have all been changed from the dark ones and somber HK songs for hip-hop songs; and there were many horrible cut scenes. However, dubbing was a remarkable work, as they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But, the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask), the movie was designed and intended to be dark, dingy, super-disturbing and utterly awful. Unfortunately, the US release just read the cream they wanted, which in turn completely changed the tone of the film (HK was rated 18+) to be even more comical and amateurish. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the original HK release. This movie is like a hidden gem, a prototype for all tide and era of "matrix". The fighting scenes are totally awesome, even the camera jobs were a little "old-school" among the HK movies. However, the style created by the film was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the leather, black costumes and decorations, this movie features a batman-like superhero in a black mask against a run-of-the-mill gang of super-multinational soldiers led by a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes, it seems like a retarded child's imagination, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares with struggling strangers in a bloody battle in leather coats. In the year 2002 they made a sequel that had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the central characters in the movie and they had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And did I mention François Yip? Her kick in the ass was totally cool, even cooler than the villainous boss because she did not use a stunt double for every fight. Did I mention she was smoking hot too? Anyway, there are a lot of things to like about the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film also suffered many problems. Firstly, it's a mediocre script made to its best potential, which means that this production team deserved a better screenwriter. There are many climaxes in the entire 100 minutes, but they always seemed absurd and do not make sense to the public (the US version was even worse because all of the character's developments were cut off). Anyway, you can not ask for much from a comic book inspired movie. Also, this movie is totally unsuitable for children. I will not recommend to you if you are under 20 years of age. It is saturated with disturbing contents, including blood, blood, fantasies of sadomaso, extreme brutal violence and so on. Along with the style of the movie, it can be called a wet dream for heavy metal fans and action fans. (The US cut was smoother, but if you want to see it, check out the HK release to find out what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspiring, hidden, devalued, adult.
