[There are no spoilers] Being a David Lynch movie, one might get the idea that he describes that enigmatic mind as most of his films. But it's a very direct story, as the title might suggest. Not to be caught in the usual Lynchian void of incomprehensibility that usually occurs after viewing, ie Lost Highway. It's a simple movie, but it's actually a great movie. This is both innovative and fun. It's innovative because it's not Lynch. But maybe it's IS Lynch. He likes to twist our minds and therefore mounts a movie that may seem very mainstream and far from Lynch himself. Being a very avant-garde director, he may just make a movie like this just to provoke his regular audience because he knows what he expects but it does not give them. That would be cunning. <br /> <br /> The pace of the movie is slow. I would almost say the speed of the lawn mower ... Do not expect an orgy of action, but the movie is really fun for those who go with the flow of the movie. Look closely at those little details that Lynch traces throughout the film for our entertainment. Look for the great cinematography that makes this movie come to life. And listen to Badalamenti's score and the main theme that really animates the often-displayed Iowa and Wisconsin landscapes. Farnsworth puts on one of his best performances in this film, making him one of the nicest men ever portrayed in the movies. He does not have to say anything to express his feelings and thoughts. His joy just shines through him and his acting earned him an Oscar nomination. Need I say that your poor health in this movie was not acted upon? He was diagnosed with cancer and killed himself soon after the film was completed. This knowledge only puts more emphasis on the film because it becomes more of a homage to Farnsworth. <br /> <br /> All of the above make up a very good movie that is suitable for all types of people who like a movie the way they should be made. One could ask for homilies that are not so obvious and a bit naïve, but that do not spoil the overall picture, being a memorable film. 9/10
