Following the release of The Straight Story in 1999, it was praised for being the first David Lynch film to ignore its regular themes of the macabre and the surreal. Based on a true story of a man and his journey to visit his estranged brother on a John Deere '66 mower, at first glance it is a strange story for Lynch to direct. However, as the story unfolds, you can see some of Lynch's trademark motifs. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus on the small town of the United States and its inhabitants is still as prevalent as in his previous efforts as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks. but the most striking difference is that the strangeness is reduced. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has the remarkable recognition of being one of the few live action movies that I think has a G rating. Incredibly significant, this film is evidence that beautiful and significant family films can be produced . <br /> <br /> Straight Story was the first feature that Lynch directed, where he had no hand in writing. To many Lynch devotees, this was a big negative point. Almost universally acclaimed, James Brundage's only overly negative criticism of filmcritic.com focused on this critique, which was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is fighting in the mold of a story that is not his." Brundage claims, with its protagonist Alvin Straight, "quoting lines directly from Confucius." He argues that the story is weak and the dialogue even worse. However, this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. While it's true that Lynch is not in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I also love, The Straight Story features a different side of Lynch that is not terribly. If you are a fan of Lynch, it is very important to separate this side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and thoughtful, which gives you a real sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he travels to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationship with his wife, children and brother. However, particularly significant is that there are no flashbacks, which only increases the effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as you watch a boat being carried by a slow winding river and it is beautiful to watch. The natural landscapes of the USA are accentuated and along with the beautiful soundtrack of Angelo Badalamenti, makes me yearn to go to America. The performances are also excellent, with every actor believable in his roles and Richard Farnsworth is particularly excellent. His Oscar nomination was well deserved and it was a shame that he did not win. Regardless, however, it is probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So while The Straight Story features none of Lynch's complex narratives or trademark dialogue, the film is a fascinating character study about aging and being highly recommended!
