Who would have thought that a movie about a man who drives a few hundred miles on his lawn mower to see his brother could be a good movie? I certainly did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was just as wrong as I have not been wrong often yet, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I have ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Giving a brief summary of " The Straight Story "is not too difficult. It is about an old and stubborn man who steps on his lawn mower and goes to another state to visit his brother when he hears that the man had a serious stroke. This is already special in itself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother in ten years because of some stupid argument. Meanwhile, he has his share of bad luck and problems, but he also knows many people whose lives he influences in one way or another with his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties, he drives for weeks, not knowing if he will achieve his goal: to see his brother again before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who do not they do. like this movie and this is also the reason why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or things like that ... This movie has no flashy action scenes, it's as slow as the man's lawn mower is following in front and no, you do not have to watch it for the cool soundtrack because there are none. But why should you watch then? Well, the simple answer is history. I have not seen such a touching movie with such a powerful story and the fact that it really comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better - from Disney Studio (that's right, the same studios that dominate us with sweet nonsense) still makes it more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I've had tears in my eyes a few times while watching, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years because of some stupid discussion is very realistic for me. <BR> Some people argue that the story is very superficial, but I really do not agree with it. Maybe it's because they just see that old man driving on his lawnmower and do not want to think anymore. If you look closely enough to understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he has already made a mistake, that only his pride was on the way to seeing his brother again and that he wants everyone to see it too, so they will not commit the same mistake. If that is not deep enough, how much deeper does a story have for you? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had it all. Some beautiful landscapes (finally an American movie that shows more than the New York skyline, Chicago or some other big city), a very good performance by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very understandable way to say it despite from the fact that this is a David Lynch movie. I know now that I was completely wrong, assuming that this movie would not be to my liking. It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This film pointed to my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give the total 10/10.
