Perhaps more than many films, this is not for everyone. For some people, the idea of ​​slowing, reflecting, and allowing things to happen in their own time is a good description of their personal hell. For others, such an approach speaks of a deeper part of themselves that they know to exist, some part they crave for contact. <br /> <br /> I think it's a function of where I am in my life nowadays, but I include myself in the camp of the last group. I found the meditative rhythm of this almost hypnotic movie, gently leading me to some almost mythological realm. This is really a travel story, a rich portrait of the distance that many of us must travel if we are to complete the circle at the end of our days. Much like it was written from Mr. Farnsworth's presentation of Alvin Straight, though I'm not sure if there are words to express the exquisite balance of confused sadness and wise innocence that he conjured for us. Knowing now that he was actually accepting his own mortality while sitting in that tractor seat makes me wish I had the opportunity to spend time with him before his departure. I hope he has a little glimpse of the satisfaction and truth he brought to so many people, not just by "acting" but by sharing his absolute humanity with such brutal honesty. Given the realities of Economics production, I'm not sure if all the credit was given to Mr Lynch for the courage he showed in allowing the story to unfold so slowly. A stranger to filmmaking, I still understand that there are few areas of modern life where the term "time is money" is so precisely descriptive. Getting into our hearts is not an adventure that can be rushed, and to his credit, Lynch seems to have understood that he was not simply telling a story - he was inviting his viewers to spend some time with their own mortality. It is not a simple task. <br /> <br /> If you would like to experience the power of the movie to present you some precious part of yourself, you could do worse than spend a few hours with The Straight Story. . And then giving himself some time for the next bit while simply listening to his echoes in the small hours of the night.
