It is difficult to find a completely bad historical drama based on the life of any number of British monarchs. Just catch a respected British or Australian actor, make things look beautiful and be guaranteed a formula for Oscar success. <br /> <br /> The Young Victoria is no exception, doing everything right, stunning cinematography and beautiful, with soft lights and lush colors and fabrics. Starring Emily Blunt in a role in which she can finally arrive, the film begins with Victoria's 18th birthday and moves through the intrigue and issues surrounding her ascension to the throne and her famous marriage to Prince Albert (Rupert Friend) . As young Victoria herself laments, she moved like a chess pawn for a variety of parties while positioning herself as one of the most influential in Britain. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the rather typical chessboard territory is the development of Victoria's relationship with Albert that makes the film a little more interesting. I confess: I have a bachelor's degree in history with a specialization in the Victorian era, so I'm a bit connected to these numbers. Despite their many flaws as rulers, Victoria and Albert were some of the earliest leaders dedicated to improving civilization for their people. They left their legacy in the arts, public health and education, and the conservative views of Victoria and the mourning culture after Albert's death. But these things are only hinted briefly during the film. It is well established that Victoria and Albert were not just madly in love but maintained a level of respect for each other, which is not normally seen among monarchs. in arranged marriages. Even if it happened behind the scenes, theirs was certainly one of the best known. Blunt and and Friend have the right kind of chemistry to do the justice of the famous pair, the appropriate blend of restraint and despair. It's a different love, not usually shown on screen, especially in this kind of movie. It is encouraging to finally see a relationship in which men and women are on an equal footing. <br /> <br /> But we can not see this love enough. While filmmakers try to fit the case into political traps, they do not create the kind of momentum needed to keep the tension high. Moreover, without dipping into the most important and important public work of the pair, things seem a bit in limbo, superficial rather than intimate, and sometimes confusing. It's not such a big problem during the movie, but then the effects disappear very quickly and you find yourself trying to remember what you just saw, despite the perfect performances by the protagonists, most notably Blunt, who captures the expressions of the famous monarch. <br /> <br /> No matter how hard you try, Victoria succeeds on many levels, but does not have that sparkle that would take you from solid to classic.
