Exactly when it was easy to assume that a fantasy drama about royalty could go nowhere, we are given a treat, a moving and intelligent drama anchored by the strong and charismatic performances of Emily Blunt, a marvel in the lead role, Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong as immediate forces that help shape the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the young woman's tumultuous transition to power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of brute strength and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to move on. She is able to portray Victoria as an astute young lady who knows she needs support from some key actors and must be able to face those who may now have her best interests at hand. Victoria must defend a flurry of intrusions on her way to the crown, and even as she takes charge of her new position, she discovers that the path to self-reliance will depend on making some very and, of course, the right support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like her and is his soul mate. There is a surprising chemistry between the two artists, and there is little doubt what the outcome will be, but there is the figure of Bettany's Prime Minister, a man who provides support to Victoria and also likes it. Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two parties that may be of questionable character and exert a considerable amount of power in the young woman's education. Each of the supporting characters could use a bit more development, but what we can see on screen may be enough to keep us focused on the central character and a superb performance of Blunt, an actress who has shown a lot of fire and passion in previous performances. Here, she takes the prominent role of her career, a real-life historical figure who broke the rules and managed to rule for a long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch might have needed in his later years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that has become the basis of her charitable work and future intervention in social change. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victory" is not a real epic portrait of England's ruling class. It is an intimate story of how humans grow and any special circumstances that surround and shape them. In the end, the film is a beautiful entry into a year that has shown a lot of emphasis on war and destruction. Here is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and there is, of course, a good old-fashioned love story.
