Who knows? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the fat monarch who was a virtual recluse for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, actually led a life filled with drama and intrigue in her youth. 'The Young Victoria' not only chronicles the young queen's romance with her future husband, but also does a good job at detailing the political machinations surrounding her ascension to the throne. <br /> <br /> Act I 'The setting attracts you right away. After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the Duchess of Kent joined former army officer John Conroy, who offered her services as the widow's his childhood queen. to be. Conroy insisted that Victoria be raised under the appalling "Kensington system," rules designed to prevent the future Queen from having any contact with other children as she grew up. Besides, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's room every day until she became queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 Parliament passed the Regency Act, which established that Victoria's mother would become regent. ) in the case where Victoria joined the even smaller throne. During this time the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted that she sign papers making Conroy her private secretary and treasurer. Stubborn victory did not want any of this, and he refused to agree to Conroy and his mother's evil plans. The duchess did not like King William when he considered him a flirt who disrespected the monarchy; the king felt the duchess disrespect his wife. As a result, the Duchess attempted to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In an exaggerated scene that seemed to have actually occurred in the story, the king rebuked the Duchess at her birthday banquet, stating that it was her goal to survive until Victoria turned 18 so her mother would not become regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to join the throne. Victoria took revenge on her mother for her support of Conroy, whom she blamed for making her childhood so unhappy. Both were banished to an isolated apartment at Buckingham Palace and for several years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" conveys the excitement and pomp and circumstance surrounding the coronation of Victoria as Queen. . Much of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Whig party prime minister, who is unfortunately portrayed in the film much younger than it really was. At first, Melbourne gains the confidence of the young queen and they become good friends. In the early years of her reign, she sees Melbourne as a progressive, but then loses respect for him in some way when she turns out to be a typical politician, hiding her contempt for the masses he was supposedly defending. In fact, Melbourne was more of a paternal figure than Victoria, but the film suggests some sexual tension between the prime minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced and the queen must commission Sir Robert Peel of the conservative Tory party as the new prime minister. The film chronicles the events of 'The Bedchamber Crisis' in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her Bedchamber ladies by the wives of conservative politicians. The film leaves out another scandal involving a Lady Hastings, one of the duchess's bridesmaids who was accused of having an affair with John Conroy and getting him pregnant. Because of her hatred for Conroy, Victoria contributed to the unpleasant rumors scattered about Hastings' supposed pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings just appeared pregnant - what she actually had was an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience shows during the Bedchamber Crisis, but the film's filmmakers ignore some of the more unpleasant aspects of her character, as evidenced by the Hastings Case. <br /> <br /> The rest of The Young Victoria deals with - of course - the romance between the queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert waiting, as the film makes clear, since she wanted to acclimatise herself to her duties as the new sovereign. They spent a good amount of time corresponding to each other until Albert returned to England and supported Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber Crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip. , the queen's current husband. While Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws who were of German origin. Both Albert and Philip have decided to reform the etiquette in Court (there is a big scene in which Albert discovers that the servants are still settling a table for King George III, though he was dead for years!). Albert's fight was the same for Philip as husbands of Monarchs, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip were involved in various civic projects and proved that they did not have to live continuously in the shadow of their ever popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately there is a great scene at the end of the movie. where Albert infuriates Victoria with what she perceives as his "interference" in his affairs. Albert does not want a second "Bedchamber Crisis," so he goes over his wife's head and makes a deal involving Victoria's roommates. Victoria barely talks to Albert when a killer's bullets almost cut them off (in the movie Albert is shot in the arm, but that never happened!). The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially the directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. Young Victoria ends abruptly and the final credits lean too much for hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still an engaging drama and fascinating history lesson.
