I was initially forced to watch by my wife, as she is fascinated by the royal families of Britain and her history, and she does not go to the movies without me. Although viewers should not expect to be electrified, this film is very well done and the visual aspect is unparalleled. In many ways, it helps to dispel the myth that Victoria was the unhappy and bland woman, usually seen in photographs. She was a smart intelligent and according to the story of her early years, a happy fun loving young woman. Her love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you counted only the number of children she endured (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All of this is well confirmed in the film. To this end, the cast was well-selected with both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend giving sound performances like Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) Historical accuracy is a bit questionable as at no time does Prince Albert get shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one assassination attempt when they were together, but no one was hit by the shot / s. I also found it strange that little was done to expand the supposedly intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is very likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria's distaste for her mother and Conroy. I also found it odd that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as an error in the romantic, or at least have the potential to become romantic. He was in his late 50s, when Victoria came on the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were common at that time, the film portrays Melbourne as a daring and rival to Prince Albert. Apparently, there were Albert's rivals, but she could never have married a bit below her position in life, and Albert was one of the few that would have been acceptable in any case. <br /> All in all I've spent worse times in the movies, and brownie points with my wife also can not be a bad thing.
