It is the misfortune of Queen Victoria to be defined as a historical figure in accordance with her relations with men. Shortly after she succeeded to the throne, she was under the influence of her prime minister Lord Melbourne, in that it became known as "Mrs. Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was referred to as "The Widow at Windsor", and years later a long friendship with her Scottish ghillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs. Brown". in a patriarchal society. The reality is a bit different and "Young Victoria" goes a bit to put the record in order, describing the queen as an intelligent and independent young man aware of the inequalities in his society and in his court. Courts have always been pockets of teeming jealousy, conspiracy and counter-conspiracy, naked ambition and sometimes direct murder. As an innocent 18-year-old Victoria, she rose to the throne of her uncle, initiating a positive orgy of intrigue and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and her rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cuts a stroke in the Old Kind of Public School with its finely honed cynicism and precious gems of advice. It is not surprising, therefore, that the young queen be surprised by him, and perhaps even a little in love, a reverence that he ruthlessly explores, drawing a fine line between the seduction attempt and the attempt of sedition in forcing his policies against the best judgment of Victoria. In the arena, Prince Albert rides on a mission of King Leopold of Belgium, eager for a political rapprochement between Britain and the rest of Europe. At first, a reluctant pretender, he soon falls in love with the English queen and weakens the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, brilliantly punctuated and very sumptuous film. I note that it has been criticized in some quarters for this sumptuousness as if a movie about 19th century English royalty had somehow shown the Empress of India and her family living in rags in a filthy workhouse ........ I I do not think so. I must highlight the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young Princess Margaret. She is obviously the key role, and she has absolutely no problem mastering the film despite the strong performances of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet. Walter, all immensely more experienced. The music is appropriately majestic and forms a cohesive part of the entire film without being in any way intrusive. The fact that Britan flourishes more under her two great queens, Elizabeth I and Victoria, than at any other time is an issue that feminists would like to do more, but I suspect that Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher really makes them uncomfortable. If you can find out why there may be a Ph.D. in it.
