Overall, I thought it would be a really good movie - I hate to use the word 'nice', as it's pretty dry, but it was really beautiful to watch and the central performances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked the most was that, despite the glittering aesthetics of the costumes and settings, all gilded and shiny, this aspect never took on the heart of the film, which was a good and strong writing (thank you Julian Fellowes: D); nothing too fancy or saturated with pomp, that is, not very sensational (when Victoria is dragged out of bed to be informed that she is now the Queen, well, you could not have a less glamorous crown hand). It was paced and each line in the movie realized its value. Undoubtedly, the portrait of the love between Victoria and Albert, though a bit of fairy tale in his face, was actually a slow candle and Friend and Blunt did well in showing how easily these two people (my favorite part was when they came back home after the hunt and Victoria simply hugged her new husband from behind, a lot of it said without words, that's what the movie is all about). Blunt held her beautifully too, she has a face that demands your attention and I can not fail to mention the costumes she wears - each simply beautiful. If I were frank, I would have trouble separating myself from any of them! The rest of the cast gathered all their roles well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide being a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only scruple I have is that I lacked a sense of urgency, or an event that could have made the film a little more exciting? (It was rather meek) I do not know, I wanted something to happen so that Victoria would take some strength and prove she's worth a little more. When she and Albert argued, I loved it, I could have done with some more dramatic dramatic moments, although this may just be me. Finally, at the risk of sounding all patriotic, he renewed the sort of pride and admiration in the crown and what it takes to be in such a position, especially in someone so young. This may be in part to the fact that the photo of this young life from Victoria is immediately apt for what I have written for a character of mine in 'The Sword & The Scion', but nevertheless, he flagged these feelings those who follow my book, can you guess which character Victoria so appropriately reflects?) It may have been in part for the film to show how ridiculous the government was back in those days, since they did not seem to give a damn about the poor and dispossessed . of the nation, which in its turn renews the appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this domestic domain. It made the government seem a bit pointless - nothing much has changed, so I suppose. <br /> <br /> BLOG in movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
