What else can be said? I have not had this fascination for a young actress since Cate Blanchett came on the scene more than ten years ago. And while both Blanchett and Blunt have played Queens now (seems to be the point of reference for actresses and future actresses), the roles are completely opposite. <br /> <br /> Put simply, if you are in pursuit of a great passion, compelling drama and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This is not to say that the script or direction was bad, it's just that the subject of the film did not lead a very dramatic life when compared to other notable royalties like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II. and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives were things like good novels are made and whose policies and decisions have altered the course of British history and, in most cases, of the world. Victoria, in contrast, rose to the throne without incident, she almost ruled a nation that was rapidly becoming a world power due to industrialization and the rise of the Navy, her state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians and she married. the young people had a harmonious family life. The facts of your life are not the Sturm und Drag, how powerful dramas are made. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, in addition to attempting to dramatize its stumpifying upbringing and machinations around its throne, is the story of one thing that was truly shocking and surprising about its reign - a love story . Marriage done for financial or political reasons is rightfully not necessarily the place to look for a world-wide passion, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as being a kind of matrimonial fidelity, patron saint, happiness, and ideal family life. Thus, the center of the film is the nascent love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very impressed with Albert's characterization of Rupert Friend, whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat sincere and perhaps naive young man, seeking to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to ground a drama, but as this is not the point of the story, it does not matter. The character's heart shines thanks to Friend's discreet but sincere performance. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, well ... Emily Blunt is sublime. Its beauty can not be denied, but it is more than something beautiful to look at; his face is like mercury because of his expressiveness. The slightest arc of the eyebrow, the look of the eyes or a slight ironic smile provide so much. Again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy speeches and passionate appeals, it's not that kind of movie. But what Blunt does with the role is to show the character's simple humanity with potent subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joie de vivre that was kept under control by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her intriguing counselor / lover Conroy expressed in simple things like Victoria trying to draw her dog. We see his joy and fascination in knowing Albert by his eyes being constantly attracted to him. We see her nervous and oppressed by addressing Parliament in her Ascension. And my favorite scene from everyone in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful as she struggles to do what most women never have to do in her life - ask the man she loves to marry her, a Such a ridiculous proposition for those moments (and some would say now) that Victoria explodes in nervous laughter before she can say "marry me." Again, this is not a movie to over the top larger than life expressions, but more a study on the subtleties of a character and doing the little things say so much. <br /> <br /> So, in general, I judge the film for what it is and what it tried to do and as such, I give it 7. I felt that some of the policies could be better explained and that some very good actors were wasted with little or no character evolution, notably Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film need not have spent much time with these characters, but a little more exposure would have helped explain the political environment. I also wish I had seen more adjustments in married life between Victoria and Albert, but this may just be my greed for more scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In summary, do not see this movie in terms of a historical drama, but for what it really is, a love story between two characters who are historical figures. I give this film a solid 7 for wonderful leadership performances, brilliant costumes and sets and the magnificent Emily Blunt Victoria. And whoever has any piece of romance left in them, you will be touched by the end of this movie. God Save the Queen.
