Have someone hold your hand whenever they go up or down stairs? Make others stew your food before you eat it? Facing an overweight mother? These are just a few of the obstacles that young Victoria has to deal with in this film (there are also the various power struggles as well as the attempts of her life). Needless to say it makes for very fascinating and informative viewing. <br /> <br /> I had only seen Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada before (and little else). As she was in this movie, she is once again the highlight here. I was extremely impressed by her portrait of young Victoria, and I thought she coped well with the role. She makes the transition from the young Victoria we found at the beginning of the movie to Queen Victoria, and she later becomes fully believable. Blunt is perfectly chosen on paper, showing all the different sides (from the vulnerable, the strong, the young Victoria who makes mistakes for the Queen who takes control). You can not say enough about Emily Blunt in that role. She is - simply - exquisite, commanding his attention every second she is on the screen. It keeps you paralyzed until and including the final scene of the movie. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend also proves to be successful as the love interest of Victoria (and eventual husband), Prince Albert. The actors have good chemistry and you totally believe in your developing relationship. They have their disagreements, but you can tell they are in love. Blunt and Friend are excellent in all the scenes that share and keep you interested in what is happening between Victoria and Albert. The other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is not a single bad performance in this movie. The less focused people are also well portrayed given the little screen time they have. Even Victoria's dog (a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash) is memorable and makes an impact on the film. <br /> <br /> Although the film tends to skip more than some aspects of Victoria's life - especially at the end - and instead tells us what happened (with her and Albert) onscreen, what else matter is what we really * see *. This is, after all, a movie about 'The Young Victoria' (not 'The Victoria of the Middle Ages', nor 'The Old Victoria'). Although there are some ornaments made in history with this film, it stays focused on what it proposes to do - that is tell us the story of how the young princess came to power. <br /> <br /> The film looks amazing, the costumes Emily Blunt wears are visually stunning and the music only adds to the film, it never diminishes that. It is exceptionally filmed and, unlike many movies these days, this movie is really a good time, as it does not last so long that you lose interest or feel you are unnecessarily being withdrawn. <br /> <br /> It goes without saying that what makes this movie so good is Emily Blunt. She's in good shape here, turning in another excellent performance and elevating this movie above what it could have been if another actress had been cast for this rather important / historical role. This is a finely crafted film with great performances that should definitely be seen. If you enjoy a fascinating view of a woman who has been extremely significant in history, this is a must visit.
