Film interests in the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837-1901), having seen in recent years efforts with The Duchess of Keira Knightley, Elizabeth Cate Blanchett's films, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman taking over the Boleyn sisters with The other Bolena girl. More contemporary stories would include Helen Mirren's award-winning portrait of The Queen in the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II at the turn of Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> Each of the films mentioned featured striking actresses with gravity gravitas (okay, so some may challenge Johansson) or were the taste of their moment, and each film had a definite moment in the legacy of its historical character that it becomes a no-brainer to have these events highlighted, and Elizabeth actually had enough to cover two films. However, The Young Victoria, as the title already suggests, is a lite version of the young queen's life, and whether you're looking for that definitive event, or the basic political intrigue that plagues all the royal families and their relationships with the shadow , selfish politicians, unfortunately there is nothing in depth here. <br /> <br /> That does not mean that The Young Victoria is out. Directed by Canadian-born Jean-Marc Vallee (better known as CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film narrates in very clear terms the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, soon becoming the new girl) as a child. , the problems he faced before the Coronation, such as the anxiety of his mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and his adviser, Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to nominate himself as regent on his throne, as already planned by your king. William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the game of political power comes into play with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) being a waiting prime minister trying to gain the confidence of the new queen, and subtly puts his own trusted allies in positions within the Palace. On the one hand, would you understand the need for a young and new queen to have trusted people in key positions, but on the other, are they really acting according to their interests, or in the interests of other people? Even this angle of intrigue creeps into their romantic storyline with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship forms the greater part of the second half of the film, and virtually everything already included in the trailers. For both, they were raised under the influence of others and told every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union may seem like a firm record of an alliance, if not for lovers recognizing their common need to establish their own base, and to do so with the help of one another. Instead of being pedestrians, there is this constant search and probing of opportunities to break with stifling and sometimes absurd rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a highly prized commodity, and loyalty can also be traded by wanting to leave the slate clean. <br /> <br /> However, all these themes become just a breeze through the narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is a lot of rapid advancement here, especially the last minutes filled with inter-titles, which really leaves the audience wanting more, and of course, space for another movie, which I suspect would probably not see the light day, but maybe a series appear in the movie response, and exit with a miniseries or something like that. It is a pity that all the effort here to ensure the beautiful costumes, scenarios and art direction is restricted to a film that is rather light on subjects and a brief mention of subjects, that they do not really challenge the protagonists in order to allow some overcoming of the opponent who defines the character. <br /> <br /> With its star-studded cast, one would expect more, but would stay a little longer instead. Recommended for those who are always curious about kings and queens in the British monarchy, just as a complement to other more engaging stories available in the other films already mentioned.
