Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and may not live long. However, Vicky's intriguing mother, Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her aide, John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign documents stating that they are the "regents" until she gets older, since she has only 20 years. it was. She refuses, though John slaps her. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and deep love for her country. However, when William dies shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria knows she has a hard time before it. First, it must surround itself with the "right" counselors to govern wisely. She chooses the handsome Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, despite being an older man, is mentioned as Vicky's suitor. Which brings us to the second great decision of the young queen. Earlier than ever, the young queen must choose her future mate, for it will bring stability to her life and those of the kingdom, for an heir must appear in the years to come. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family are shocking some plans as well. The beautiful Prince Albert (Rupert Friend) of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty is urged by his father to court the young English royal. Once he arrives at the palace, he is in love and the feeling seems to be mutual. But since he is a minor player on the map of creating real matches, will he win his heart? This is an adorable film, made even better with a completely winning performance of Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but it is her clever reading of the role she scores powerfully. The friend also does well, as do the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a repulsive role!) And the rest. In addition, the film is beautifully filmed, fantasized and defined, making it a visual delight in every way. If something is missing, it's an extra dose of dazzle, since the film seems a bit simple and prosaic, sometimes with a somewhat unimaginative issue. However, this is just a minor, minor point of argument in a very successful and gorgeous film in general. In short, young and old, they must give time to young Victoria. It's a very worthy movie among the 2009 film offerings.
