The 63-year reign of Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and well-known historical kingdoms in British history. On the one hand, its history does not have the theatricality of the previous royalty, thanks to a change in the social climate and the attitudes, and, on the other hand, its history is one that is perpetuated because it is remarkably human. Assuming the early years of her life, where the romance between her and the German prince Albert took the lead, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until recently remained in the unknown shadows of the industry, takes Victoria's story and captures this human element. so vital to his legacy. It is a story that seems extremely humble, considering its exuberant past, and yet that is what gives it a distinct advantage that separates it from the usual. <br /> <br /> Taking a very direct and focused approach that focuses on a brief span of five years or more between her ascension and her marriage to Albert, The Young Victoria does what so little pieces of that period offer . Instead of attempting an extensive life-time encapsulation of such a figure, Vallée chooses to show one of the lesser known intricacies of Victoria's earliest years, which are easily forgotten in favor of publicly-known compliments. The result is a feature that can disassociate historians thanks to their relatively irreverent considerations as to facts and the like, but never let the document hinder the extraction of a compelling story, writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his weapons and offers a slightly romanticized experience , but convincing. portrait. Vallée takes this and runs, making sure to fully capitalize on these elements with enough restraint to maintain integrity in relation to the story involved and the viewer's observation. <br /> <br /> An important part in the joy of watching The Young Victoria plays however is simply found in the production values ​​bestowed here that bring the Regal Britain from the early 1800's to life with such a rarely achieved vigorous realism so impressively by genre films. Everything from costume designs, scenery, hairstyles, lighting and photography accentuates the grandiose background inherent in Victoria's history, without ever overloading it. In fact, while watching Vallée's interpretation, it is very difficult not to be sucked only by the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; and then there's the movie soundtrack, which works tremendously to promote the very elegant and personal tones that dominate the Fellowes script. Intertwining the works of Schubert and Strauss in the history of Victoria and Albert not only functions as a reference point for the characters but also matches with the work with an elegance and refrain that echoes the original work of the composer Ilan Eshkeri as well. Still, for all poignant compositions, lush settings and immaculate costumes that punctuate all the scenes, the most important factor here - and indeed for most of the dramas of the period - are the performances of the cast and how they help bring the world that they exist for life. Fortunately, the Young Victoria is blessed with an equally immaculate ensemble of young and old actors who do a fantastic job at doing just that. Between the sweet romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of his advisors and the like (led by a tremendous Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), conflict and heat prevail in Fellowe's script. are transmitted perfectly here by all involved, which helps to prevent the film from being a case of plastic "legal to look at, but somber underneath" so common in these outlets. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to blame a job. such as The Young Victoria. He has a perfectly touching, human sense of affection within his perfectly marked romance, plus some historical significance that functions as an intriguing source of interest to those in the audience interested in such details. Of course, it may not bring the cinematic world to the surface, and there is no meaning for its general presence that prevents it from becoming more than just a drama of romantic times with pungent outlines; yet in a sense that is what makes it pleasant. Vallée never seems to be struggling for greatness, nor does he seem happy to make an escapist piece common to fans. Somewhere in that gray middle ground is The Young Victoria, which will certainly suit the fans of the genre and those who will feel a little more disillusioned with the usual productions; beautiful, memorable but above all, human. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
