In addition to having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also holds two other distinctions. She was, in addition to our current queen, the oldest monarch of all time, living at age 81. And she was also the youngest British (as opposed to English or Scottish) monarch, rising to the throne as an eighteen-year-old girl. And yet, whenever television or filmmaking makes a program or movie about it, they seem much more interested in Victoria than the young girl; the version of Victoria that the modern public will probably be more familiar with is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown." "The Young Victoria" attempts to correct the balance by showing us the events surrounding his ascension and the early years of his reign. It has the rare distinction of being produced by a former royal, Sarah Duchess of York whose daughter Princess Beatrix makes a brief appearance as an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main strands to the plot. The first concerns the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, a highly unpopular figure, even with her own daughter, largely because of the influence of her counselor, Sir John Conroy, who was widely regarded as her lover. (According to an unfounded rumor, he, not the late Duke of Kent, was the natural father of Victoria). The second is about the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin, Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was their uncle, to influence this novel. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, to which he and Albert belonged). The third concerns one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the 1839 Crisis Bedchamber, when supporters of the Conservative Party (which traditionally supported a strong monarchy) revolted because the young queen was seen as in favor of the Whig Party and its leader Lord. Melbourne, although the Whigs had historically supported a quasi-republican system of government, with the monarch reduced to a figurehead. Screenwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and I sometimes wondered if this may have colored his treatment of political issues, as he seems to lean toward conservatives, the predecessors of modern Conservative Party. Its leader Robert Peel is shown as statesman and dignified, while Melbourne, despite all its betrayal and charm, is shown as dishonest and disinterested in social reform. There may be some truth to these characterizations, but Fellowes ignores the fact that just a few years before the Conservatives opposed the Reform Act, which ended the corrupt electoral system of rotten municipalities, and that they had benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal of William IV . a Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in dynastic and constitutional history do not always transfer well to the cinema screen, and this contains its share of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not injured in Edward Oxford's attempt at Victoria's life, and Melbourne (in his late fifties at the time of Victoria's rise) was not as young as he is pictured here by Paul Bettany. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he went so far as to weep abuses against her during a state banquet, as he is shown here. I also did not understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy tried to force Victoria to sign a "Order of Regency"; the Duchess's constitutional position was clear in the Regency Act of 1830, which provided that she would become regent if her daughter was still under eighteen at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have altered the provisions of the Act. There are also occasional misfortunes. In an opening scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while comparing to pedestrians being moved around a chessboard, a metaphor so banal that the whole scene should have been completed with a "Danger! Major cliché ahead!" Notice. However, despite scenes like that, I came to enjoy the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the intriguing Duchess and Mark Strong as the nasty Conroy. It is visually very attractive, being filmed in the sumptuous style that we come to associate with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives an amusing twist like King William, although he occasionally succumbs to the temptation to go overboard. (Although not as disastrously over the top as he was in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, are the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers. Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her charming portrait the queen is no longer the old lady of the popular imagination, the widow of Windsor dressed in black who was not perpetually fun but determined, strong-minded. and loving young woman. His love for Albert and his happy family life together was one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to reestablish itself in the affections of the British people. (With the exception of George III, Victoria's Hanoverian ancestors had notoriously lacked the marital virtues). Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a touching novel and thrilling human drama, as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8/10
