The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's imposing 4 1/2 hour poem for Siberia is not to start at once because he must hold himself in space because he takes his time in indirect explorations of childhood memories half remembered in a turn of time . However, the film continues to build steam in emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images that make up it were imbued by the association with the subject with that quality of untiring and tireless dignity that characterizes the spirit of Soviet work. . Konchalovsky celebrates the Soviet collective, but in a quasi-revisionist way for the media like Soy Cuba and Invincible, humor becomes somber and reflective. News of the revolution hit the isolated village of Siberia through the vine. The fruits of his work only reach him when a world war demands that the young ones are enlisted. Through all this, Konchalovski focuses on the individual with care and affection to examine the bitter desire and regret of the woman who waited 6 years after the war for a groom who never came back, waited long enough to go out and become a waitress in a ship with velvet sofas and she left years later to return to her village to look after an elderly uncle who killed the groom's father with an ax, the irreverent madness of the groom who came back from the war a 20 year old hero also late, came back not because of the girl he left behind but to extract oil for the motherland, the desperation and the resignation of the leader of the middle-aged Regional Party who returns to his small Siberian village with the sole purpose of destroying it. of the map to build a plant. The film follows from decade to decade of years 10 to 80 with remarkable filming that follow the Soviet history from the revolution until the hunger in the war and the titanic technological conquests of an empire (incredible visuals here!) All kinetic violence and distorted angles and shimmering crowds and faces), but the actual film focuses on the individual in small and large triumphs and follies. In the second semester, a sense of bitterness fatalism arises; of broken lives that never reached fulfillment choking with regret and longing. "It does not matter," it seems the world is saying, to which Konchalovksy replies "must matter" because the protagonists continue to attempt redemption. Still behind this saga of "man against the landscape" "something seems to hover, gloomy, almost without substance, like the hermit of the Eternal Elder, who appears in all segments to guide or repudiate the protagonists , sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes the enigmatic sage; a little behind and above all the other challenges and affirmations of the human characters, simple and logical, incomprehensible, something invisible seems to stalk. Ghosts of fathers appearing in sepia dreams, repeated shots of a star shining in the dark, a curious bear, indeed the Eternal Old himself; Konchalovski asks for reverence and reverence before a mystical land of another order. In his treatment of a small community struggling against the progress of nature and time and the ways in which he learns to deal with them, often funny, bizarre, and tragic at the same time, and how the director never lets cynicism override his humanism, he reminds me of The Deep Desires of the Gods of Shohei Imamura. When, in a dream scene, Alexei rips open the boards of a door on which is stamped a Stalin propaganda poster to reach his (dead) father while he disappears into the haze, the film suggests the betrayal of the Soviet Dream. or better still, in all things lost in the revolution, this betrayal made more explicit in the fiery denouement of the film. Surprising visuals, elegiac and dark with a raw naturalness, help seal the deal. In the end, a melted oil explodes in flames and the film explodes in a wild burst of pure cinema.
