I have a crush on such black and white old films, films by Will Hay and Abbot & Costello especially because those are my favorites. I chose this movie on DVD because it used the same idea of ​​"Oh Mr Porter" by Will Hay, which is one of the best comedies ever made. I just watched this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie ended at 12:45). I think movies like Ghostbusters, etc., are best viewed at night with the lights off. That way, you get into the storyline more and the night view works well with this movie. <br /> <br /> The movie's one liners may seem a bit old-fashioned to some viewers, I guess that depends on the viewer. They are not dated to me though. I'm 28 years old and even though I'm not old enough to be around when this movie was first released (my dad was though). I still have a lot of appreciation for some of the old movies of that kind. Sitting in the room in front of the TV with some snacks and drinks and kicking back and relaxing at night while watching these movies, many things can not beat the feeling you get while doing this. It is an escape from reality for a while. <br /> <br /> I noticed that one of the men in the movie (he has a black mustache) he appears about three-fourths of the way through the movie after his car falls and he is looking for a woman, he was followed up the station. This man was in Will Hay's classic, "The Ghost of St Michaels" as well. I just thought I'd point this out just in case no one noticed :). The film's settings are very atmospheric. Outside the abandoned station looks good and as if there was a soul for miles in any direction, and the interior of the station is very cozy looking away from the rain storm that is outside. I felt I would have loved to have been there in the cast. The atmosphere in this movie is something that is missing in many movies now. It keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts to end. <br /> <br /> We need more of this kind of movie on the market today. But unfortunately, one may have been in favor of nude movies, swearing and raw humor. This kind of movie era (The Ghost Train, Oh Mr. Porter, etc) for me is the golden age of cinema!
