This film seems to have been conceived as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - the plot outline, the dance numbers, the lively music and the whole formula is there ... except for Ginger! If REALLY was originally conceived as a re-pairing the team is uncertain, but it sure looks like one of those movies. Instead of Fred's usual partners (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably since, despite being known as a comedy team, they CAN sing and dance very well. This really shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition and some of the traditional numbers of Fred and Ginger were made with Fred and Gracie or these two along with George. Only once, in the end, Dona Fontaine dances with Fred, but is very brief and with a camera far away. <br /> <br /> And speaking of Burns and Allen, I think I owe it to the team. Talk about them in the movie. I've never been a fan of their show or their movies. Overall, I find Gracie's dumb act very annoying and I gave some negative reviews to his short films and full length films. However, in this movie I must admit that they were great - not just dancing competently but I really thought they were funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very well. They were at the top of the game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, like the rest of the movie, it's a lot of fun and fun. The problem for me though was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the film - not just because she was acting out of her reach (after all, she was not a singer or dancer) but because she had the presence screen of a ball of lint. Because of this, it lacked the usual dialogue and the excellent dialogue between boys and girls. There was also a very charming performance from Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could to play cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I loved the sequel Fun House and Tunnel of Love - it's very hard to describe, but it's so much fun to watch! Overall, I quite enjoyed the movie - it had lots of charm and great writing. Unfortunately, it also featured a bland performance from Mrs. Fontaine that hits a spot - bringing my score to this movie to 7.
