Soon the Americans would invade a dark and damaged England preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the image of Americans in the sunny and slightly ridiculous English countryside was an idyllic and attractive attraction. American star Jerry Halliday (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of the glaring crowds generated by the sinister propaganda of his manager (Burns), is involuntarily involved in the marriage prospects of the frustrated heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). ). The tale is complicated by a betting bunch among the servants of Marshmorton who is directed by (and manipulated by) chief butler Keggs (Gardiner), who is betting on Lady Alice's cousin, Reggie (Noble), the muted aunt's favorite and domineering (Collier). The story would have been much better as a half hour TV episode. The usual Wodehouse plot devices of mistaken identity and jumps to wrong conclusions wear out in a complete movie. Alice & Jerry seem impossibly (and annoyingly) ignorant in the second half of the movie. The interlude of the amusement park and the climax in the castle are very long and begin to creep. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a blond snob, no matter how aristocratic, while the young footman Albert (Watson) is painfully horrible. But while "Maiden" is a very diminutive vehicle for so many talents, talent does not disappoint us. Astaire's romantic comedy is no less enjoyable here than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his solo and Burns & Allen dance scenes, although his dance with rookie Joan is necessarily docile. Gracie almost steals the whole show as George's bubbly secretary, who is both dumb, conniving and coldly self-confident. His scene with the solid character actor Gardiner as the dishonest snob Keggs is a unique classic. This invaluable Astaire scene with the madrigal singers gives the "Damsel" a delightful color of naive, but noble, Americans mixed with noble but bland Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Good job if you can" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carry the film through its weaknesses. And is there another movie where madrigals get a swing treatment from Gershwin? "Maiden" is more than a bit of trivia to those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a real star. It's as much fun as any of the vaudevillian musical comedies that dominated the 1930s, but they will never be made again.
