In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never continued writing as in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not limit himself to writing funny episodic romances for the rest of his career. That would not have been too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees did just that, concentrating only on the misadventures of the fox-hunting set (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is the title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has followers, but most people find their novels illegible. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a funny man (and do not forget, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a funny book). So, Dickens' third book is OLIVER TWIST (which became quite gloomy on some points). Orwell says that for any author to grow they have to change the style of their books. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) agree with that. <br /> <br /> But Orwell ignored the genre writer who transcends his comrades. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P. Godehouse saw himself as an artist, mocking the boundaries of the British social system. Your Earl of Emsworth is more proud to create the finest pig in England than to be ... well, Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always prepared to counterattack when he is supposed to be submissive to an unjust superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should make a huge profit (but he always gets undone in the end). And best of all is that Jeeves always puts his brilliant brain to work, rescuing the inept Bertie Wooster, his boss. As Wodehouse had a limited view of his mission as a writer - he was there to make fun figures for the entertainment of the world - his books never lost their luster. They served (and still serve) their purposes. In fact, he compared Wodehouse to his much more serious contemporary, Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual kind. Waugh's best remains among the high points of twentieth-century British literature: REVISITED BRIDGE, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his determination to present his arguments, if his points did not interest the reader, the book often collapsed. For every VILE BODIES there was some flaw at the end of his career as THE ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could do a smaller job as well, his fall did not go as far as that of Waugh. Wodehouse was also a talented lyricist (when you hear "Bill" on the score of SHOWBOAT, it's not Kern's and Hammerstein's music, but the music of Kern and Wodehouse transposed "Oh Lady, Lady" a dozen years before.He was also a great playwright.Then it's good to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and made it into the script here.It has the normal touches of Wodehouse.This butler perfect Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a marvelous performance) is a scoundrel in manipulating a "friendly" gambling among the mansion officials he runs. He is also unable to occasionally refrain from singing Italian opera - despite attempts This is a typical characterization of Wodehouse.That's how the love affair between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues to go well and falling due to the antics of Keggs and young Albert, both want to win that pot of money Wodehouse always makes this kind of plot change, with antagonists changing their point of view depending on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky to have Burns and Allan to work. It is generally considered that of all the films they have made as supporting actors together (as SIX OF A KIND and WE ARE NOT DRESSED) George and Gracie have made their best support with Fred Astaire. The sequel to Fun House, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is wonderful, as is an earlier sequence in which the three perform a "whisk broom" dance (which Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful illogical logic is used by Wodehouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how she can confuse him by giving her more money than her change deserves to be - only Albert notices Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and looks at Gardiner as if he was stupid or crazy). His dialogue with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier) Reggie (Ray Noble, the leader of the British band) leading him to imagine that he will marry her, but saying goodbye to Gracie while she goes with George to get married is wonderful also. The film supposedly failed at the box office because of the lack of Ginger Rogers, and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine is not doing a remarkable job on paper, but the fault really is that of Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But the film may run out of steam considering the other artists and their characters, Gershwin's song and Wodehouse's wonderful sense of fun.
