Before 'Zavet' there was similarity between the artistic vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica. They find their own poetic style, and then they cowardly become prisoners of it. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they received critical praise for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me who just find funny jokes when they first hear. That's the main reason why the worst Kusturica movies are 'black cat white cat' and 'life is miracle'. 'Zavet' is something completely different. You may like it, you may hate it, but is not this just another poetic Kusturica? Balkan dream things. Of course, if you want to be praised, you have to play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to make just one more movie of the Flying Gypsies and win a prize. Fortunately, as a brave person, he chooses to make a movie that will be ironic for his previous work. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very harsh parody of earlier Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It's lovely to see a great movie director do not take himself too seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica has and even the biggest ones like Bergman or Kubrick do not have. This film is so insignificant that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes profound, and so dull that it becomes hilarious. The same material that does the cult "Plan 9 of outer space" would make this masterpiece for people who know how to see it. The average Western viewer would have few references. Most notable is the owner of the tire shop, Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian dramatist. Politically, she is very active as a left-leaning liberal and despises the political views and anarchism of Kusturica. Kusturica's work, "anything but subtle", was to castrate Miki Manojlovic in the Srbljanovic shop. Second reference is made to Goran Bregovic? former composer of Kusturica. He formed "Funeral and Marriage Orchestra" and began performing in Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is only an artist and most of his songs (if not all) are poor covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's opinion about Bregovic was confronting a wedding and a funeral, with the funeral mocking the wedding. In addition, the song is covering Western classics like "London Bridge is Falling" or French lullabies. Do you find that boring? Now you see how we feel in Serbia listening to the horrible covers of Bregovic. I really enjoyed this movie because it is not pretending to be deep, it is so full of symbols that it becomes parody, and it is beautifully directed, as all his works are. If you like previous Kusturica movies, there's a big chance you'll hate it. If you do not like some of your recent films, you may find this a pleasant surprise because it's like Fellini directing "Pink Flamingos". On purpose. I have a huge respect for this guy after 'Zavet'. Next movie Tim Burton would certainly have main character with pale faces. The next Kusturica movies can easily be about aliens invading Earth. That's the reason he's the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
