Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty of Japan. A true whiner! I had heard great reviews for the movie and rented it on Netflix. I'm glad I did! In many ways, this movie reminded me of the old style of Japanese classic cinema of the 1940s and 1950s that I loved so much, as seen in the photos of Yasujiro Ozu - title credits begin in the same way, with the Japanese letters (characters) in against neutral colored tow material. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: mostly internal sets with only a few outside scenes. Even a couple of "pillow shots," as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is built on the love of the characters for each other. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of a Japanese family before, during and after World War II. The mother cares for her growing girls the best she can after the father (university professor) is arrested for sympathies against the war. He has never been released and only has some brief meetings with his wife in prison before dying of hunger and disease. Meanwhile, a former student of the teacher comes often to help take care of the mother and the two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and is a surrogate father to both girls. But the war begins and he is summoned and they have to say an abrupt farewell. Will they never express their love for each other? Will he return from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and kind spirit in the performance of the leading actress, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She is almost a type of Madonna, she is so beautiful! Great eyes full of soul and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no bull in him at all; He is kind and gentle. I would certainly love to see both of them in other movies. I think I'll check to see what's available to them. The two small child actresses are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The movie has just been released on the NTSC DVD for the American public, with English subtitles very easy to read. I gave a 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost as much as with the classic Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
