A film of exceptional brilliance and a pungent and unusual love story, Lujin Defense traces the intense attraction between an eccentric genius and a woman of beauty, depth and character. <br /> That gives John Turturro what is probably his. best role to date (thank God they did not give Ralph Fiennes, who would have murdered this.) Likewise, Emily Watson shows the richness of her experience (from her great experience on stage). In order to reach the tortured master of chess (Turturro), his character has to display intelligence, as well as the love of a woman. Watson does not portray the sexuality of beauty pageants, but she brings to her parts a self-consciousness that is attractive. In a casual encounter between Natalia (Watson) and Lujin, she casually prevents him from losing a chess piece that fell into a hole in his clothing - a specially crafted piece that we later noticed in the film , came to symbolize their hopes and aspirations. Later, as dating develops, she subtly compares dance to chess (Lujin learned to dance, but never with a partner); she encourages him to lead her with "bold and brilliant moves" and, in so doing, allows him to relax enough to later play at his best (and also perceives himself as his lover). <br /> <br /> This is a story of a woman who inspires a man to his greatest achievement and in so doing finds his fulfillment more profoundly, emotionally and intellectually (or we are led to believe - certainly within Natalia is more of a liberated woman than someone who prepares to be a stereotypical wife and mother. <br /> <br /> The Italian sets are impressive.The complexity of the characters and the ability with which the dialogue unfolds them is a delight for the smart movie goer, but the film is accessible enough to make it a popular hit, and most deservedly. Chess is merely the photogenic backdrop for the development of an emotional and emotional film, although the game is treated with enough respect to almost convince a chess player that the characters existed.Although a tragedy of remarkable heights by a classic author, the final outcome is nonetheless surprisingly ed ificante.
