My introduction to the film world of Yoji Yamada is through his famous and recent Samurai Trilogy with The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade, and Love and Honor. I had enjoyed all three films, and looking at the director's prolific and veteran filmography, I think it will take me a long time to watch all of his films, especially the Tora-san series. It goes without saying that when Kabei Our Mother finally arrived on our beaches, I grabbed the chance to watch what would be an ode to Mothers everywhere, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Does our mother speak of a united family of four people ?? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and younger son Teru (Miku Sato). From the outset, their lives would change forever when Shigeru was arrested under the Peace Preservation Law for his morally controversial writings against the nation, established in the late 1930s when Japan began its "crusade" in China, and from there on Then begins Kabei's struggle to keep jobs to feed her family, and the frequent and difficult meetings with her husband behind the bars. The help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru's side, since Kabei's father adopted a "I told you" attitude with the choice of the spouse. The pupil at once, Shigeru, Yama (artillery laughter must recognize Tadanobu Asano here) laughed like a clumsy man who slowly becomes confidant and substitute guardian of the children, and the sister-in-law of Kabei Hisako (King Dan) of Hiroshima, who I believe there would have been some retrospective alarms about his unfortunate fate as the film progresses in its timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses mainly on how children are growing up in the presence of their mother, and in a distant relationship with their father, what I liked is how microscopic family events unfold under the world events in Japan. It is against the historical background of Japan's drive for regional dominance, and there are characters here who do not mask these ambitions, even discussing what the country would eventually do if it succeeded in maintaining the conquered lands. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, being so frank in their discussion of that era, and also to have an idea of ​​how the common man has to fight against domestic issues, further hindering the resources channeled into the war effort. <br /> <br /> The actresses thrown here are perfect in their presentations and roles, be they veterans or junior actors. The actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as the maternal figure who has to dig deep and find inner strength to lead the family through difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are kind as children who learn to learn to do and to commit. Each scene with the three together just makes the heart painful when things get difficult, or fills your heart with joy if they are celebrating. In a short time you will soon be drawn to wanting to be part of this family, thanks to the powerful performances of the main cast, with Yoji Yamada persuading some truly natural performances of children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother prides herself on an incredibly beautiful art direction, and is elegant in her delivery of happy and sad moments without overdoing it, or relying on cheap melodrama to cheapen the emotions she seeks the public. There are many small things here done correctly, which makes it perfect, with every scene not being missed, and with all the very significant nuances in conveying your message, be it compassion or love. <br /> <br /> In addition to the very abrupt end (I hoped it could have continued for much longer, despite its execution time of more than two hours), Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended, and you will find it difficult hold your tears, or think of your own mother and her sacrifices she makes for you on a daily basis. Just what those sacrifices are, if you need another reminder, then the scene while scrolling the final credits will remind you of the things you would have probably taken for granted.
