"I hate those stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid this one will start the day we bury George, not that we've buried him." In the interest of the environment, we incinerate him. " Then there's Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow. She led a comfortable and predictable life with George. She has two grown children and a 12 year old grandson. But when she was 15 and at school in the middle of World War II, she played saxophone at night in a band of only girls (almost all girls) called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming rogue who had no desire to fight and possibly be killed. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the attic of her home playing the saxophone she had kept. She used to practice, but only when George was away from home on the golf course. Her granddaughter, marveling at how good Elizabeth is, begins to talk about how Blond Bombshells could be brought together and play at her prom at school. Then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now as old as Elizabeth, and so drawn to as she had been for more than 50 years (he was attracted to all the other members of the Bombs as well.) The roses that would appear on his bass drum had a special meaning that testified to his affection. do not see if the other band members can be located, and why not give a shot to a reunion performance at your granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? One member of the band is gaga. One is dead. One is in jail. One has found salvation with the Salvation Army. One they can not find. One is known for the last time in the States. One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a show at school even for a reunion. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick gather the surviving members of the Bombs. We do not know if enough of them can be found. The trials more often than not turn into off-key disorder. While they do this, we shared Elizabeth's flashbacks of what life was like when she and Patrick were young at war time in London, playing in the band while the bombs were falling. As terrible as it was, it was the most exciting moment of their lives. When the night of Elizabeth's granddaughter's dance arrives, of course, the Bombshell Blondes, full of nervousness and renewed friendship, alienate the young. Later, Elizabeth informs us that the Bombshells are still playing shows, and that she and Patrick have no plans to marry ... but I do not see anything wrong with playing around. <br /> <br /> This is a sentimental bullshit, cleverly done, and not bad. What makes this work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "good-hearted comedy," I usually shrink unless the actors are first-rate. Dench and Holm are wonders to see while they take something as light and predictable as this script and transform it into something we love. Then there is the "old" gambit which is fun if you remember the old shows. Among the Blonde Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost overloads production. She is a jazz talent so strong and unique that while she is singing, the show almost becomes the Cleo Laine Show. Another interesting feature is the number of great World War II songs played in great movement.
