To the chagrin of her adult children and almost immediately after the death of Elizabeth's husband (Dame Judy Dench), the tenor and widower saxophonist is inclined to return openly to his musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer needs to practice saxophone in the attic. While she is happiest in playing outdoors, Elizabeth takes a walk through memory, remembering when she was a 15-year member of a jazz swing band, "The Blonde Bombshells": supposedly a group of talented girls from World War II. jazz swing musicians. One of the members of the band "Blonde Bombshells" was Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth maintained the friendship. <br /> <br /> The two brothers of Patrick & Elizabeth, 12 years old. daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), press Elizabeth to reunite the former band members and start playing together again; this time as a bunch of sexagenarians. Among the band members, she meets bass (still foxy!), Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), a trumpeter, alcoholic and extrovert, divorced and widow who struggles with money, living off the riches of her many (former) weddings in a Scottish castle of Craigievar; Gwen, (real-life American jazz singer Clio Laine), taking on the lead vocals; Annie, (June Whitfield), as trombonist of the Salvation Army; Betty, (the late pianist Joan Sims), who is located training the ivory keys at a Hastings pub. Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna seek out the world for the band members of the 1940s and try to persuade them to resume the performance together, Elizabeth is often out of her mind as she learns more than she wants to know about her adult lives - including her own - while having fun playing fantastic music with the latest 'Bombshell Blonde' alive. Fun, nostalgic, historic, sentimental and multi-generational fun entertainment that is seriously fun. The actors perform wonderful performances. Regardless of their age, they are still animators of Bombshell who make a show. (The DVD is now out and worth possessing because of bonus features and Dolby Digital sound). Certainly, as a fan of any of these wonderful actors, VHS is a collector's item.
