The obsession comes in many flavors and exists for several reasons; for some, may not be more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it may be a survival path. Lack of affection, combined with the inability to negotiate to the simpler needs of everyday life or the basic social requirements, can force even a genius to enthusiastically embrace what provides a zone of personal comfort. And, in extreme cases, the object of this satisfaction can become a manifest obsession, addressing that individual until what began as a means of survival becomes the very impetus of his ruin, and as we find in The Lujin Defense, directed by Marleen. Gorris, a high level of intelligence will not guarantee a satisfactory solution to the problem and, indeed, can actually exacerbate the situation. Obsession, it seems, has no prejudice or preference; Also, do not give a room. <br /> <br /> In an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of many who gathered there for a chess tournament whose winner will be the World Cup. Champion. Lujin is a master of the game, but is vulnerable because chess has long ceased to be a game for him; rather, it is his obsession, that thing discovered in childhood that saw him despite his total ineptitude in seemingly all areas of life, and allowed him to deal with the discreet deprivations of rights of his immediate family. So Lujin is a genius with an Achilles' heel, a flaw that maybe only someone else knows and understands and also realizes that he can be exploited for his personal gain in this very tournament. This man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), Luzhin's former mentor, who after a few years suddenly disappeared and made himself known to Lujin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is an undesirable and disconcerting presence for Lujin, and once again life threatens to overpower him. Not only is he about to face a formidable opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom in a previous game he came out with a draw after fourteen hours, but he is also trying to solve a new element in his life - his feelings for a young woman she just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And as cool as it may be, dark clouds accumulate on him, which can carry Lujin even more deeply into the obsession that has been the saving grace, as well as the curse, of his whole life. To tell Lujin's story, Gorris effectively uses flashbacks to gradually reveal elements of his childhood that quickly led to his obsession with chess. And as his record is established, he offers insights that allow the public to better understand who Lujin is and how he has reached this point in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris texturizes them with an appropriately somber atmosphere and a subtle sense of foreboding that carries on and underlies the current and pastoral environment of the resort. The transitions through which she weaves the past along with the present are well handled, and with the rhythm that Gorris sets, makes a fascinating but unhurried performance that works extremely well. She also underestimates the threat posed by Valentinov's presence, focusing on drama rather than suspense, which serves to increase the overall impact of the film, making the tragedy of Luzhin even more believable and disturbing. <br /> <br /> The only element that makes this movie so memorable, however, is the affective performance of John Turturro. For this movie to work, Lujin must be absolutely believable; a false or feigned moment would be disastrous because it would take the viewer out of the story immediately. This does not happen, however, and the film works because the Luzhin Turturro creates is impeccably honest and true to real life. He captures Luzhin's genius as well as his inadequacies, and presents his character in terms that are exceptionally revealing and very real. It's a performance equal to, if not over, Geoffrey Rush's interpretation of David Helfgott in Shine. And when you compare his work here with other characters he created, from Sid Lidz in Unstrung Heroes to Pete in The Brother Where Art Thou? to Al Fountain in "Box of Moonlight", you realize that incredible variety Turturro has as an actor, and what an outstanding artist he truly is. <br /> <br /> Like Natalia, Emily Watson is great too, turning into a rather reserved performance through which she develops and presents her character very well. Although she has to be somewhat outgoing to relate to Lujin, Watson manages to do so in an introspective way that is totally effective. More importantly, because of the details she brings to her performance, this makes her rapport with Lujin believable and gives full credibility to the story. You just need to look into Watson's eyes to know that the feelings she is conveying are real. It's a great job for a talented and talented actor. <br /> <br /> The support cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ila), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzhin's father), Kelly Hunter Luzhin), Alexander Hunting (young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well crafted and delivered, "The Lighthin Defense" is an emotionally engaging film presented with a contained compassion that evokes a feeling of sadness and perhaps a reflection on the inhumanity of man to man. We do not need a movie, of course, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but we are well served by the medium of cinema when it reminds us of something we should never forget, since we all have the capacity to effect positive change and to make a difference in the lives of those around us. I rate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
