One of America's most brilliant filmmakers was undoubtedly Elia Kazan. His directional genius was not particularly suited to tense thrillers, as Kazan needed more room to breathe and be slower and more subtle. However, "Panic in the Streets" is a first-rate social thriller and is, if anything more relevant nowadays, than it was in 1950, when it was released. The themes of illegal immigrants, people smuggling, impending plagues, rapid worldwide transmission of diseases (a worried Richard Widmark says "I could be in any American city at ten o'clock and in Africa tomorrow"), ethnic isolation and ghetto . are the concerns of today more than ever. This film features a spectacular cinematic debut by Jack Palance and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two traits of genius. Richard Widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath for once, and is a deeply affectionate, lovingly loving and intense hero of the people. He is basically leading a one man campaign to stop a pneumonic plague epidemic in New Orleans, struggling to convince slow politicians and complacent police that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the little crooks who contracted the plague of an illegal immigrant dead within 48 hours, before the whole city, and how they are always reminding us, the whole country, are in danger with the worst thing . since the 1919 flu. An incredible scene where Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from boarding a ship by a barrier of rat on the rope is ironic to the extreme, reminding us in the cruelest terms that humans can be the worst carriers and worms of all. The highly dramatic chase scenes in what they call the "coffee factory" on the quayside rival Hitchcock's most creative climactic scenes, and with an equally spectacular setting. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the brave realism of, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras to places where even people rarely went, and even the mice thought twice. This film was a great achievement of social realism. If he does not have the electricity of the most loaded thrillers, it's because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not avoid it, because after all, the plague threat is serious enough to scare anyone without the need for extra guns and molls. . The only unfortunate thing about the movie is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly considered this project a public duty, to alert us to genuine possibilities. If only those possibilities had diminished today, but unfortunately, they are getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, this movie may be shown to some survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained in the film, but their lessons have been forgotten.
