A little pleasure in life is walking down the aisle of old movies at the rental store and picking things up just because I have not seen them. A great pleasure is to occasionally take this movie home and find a little treasure like this by tapping on my screen. Long before Elia Kazan turned into a brand that created only notable (not good) movies, he did it better than the average drama. As you watch it, you begin to realize how many decent, good, or well-observed scenes have accumulated. Contrast this with your later films where the drama is written on a large scale ... preferably large and nothing subtle and scandalous. Kazan turned out to be more of a calculator than a director. (No, thank you) <br /> <br /> Your future excesses are suggested here only in the plot. The plague is coming! But here is an atypical Richard Widmark playing a family man in 1951 and avoiding most of the excesses of this trope; here is an almost-watchable bel geddes Barabra, with her batho turned down (well, for her); they are a couple and share well-written scenes about major crises and minor ones. Here is a comically interrogated expertly conducted with a crew of chattering ships; here is a beautiful moment as a chase begins in an angular warehouse and a flock of birds shoots over the head punctuating the moment. These are the small scale successes that a film can offer, in which the viewer can truly recognize life; Something Hollywood, in its greed, now avoids carefully. These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. It is a nice, human-scale film, not the grotesque and overrated production that he and others (David Lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in crap as varied as Pirates of the Caribbean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> <I just watched twice and I'll be damned if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the closing scenes, but that does not seem so important to me as a spectator. It reminds me of No Way Out a Poitier noir with Widmark as the villain, and Naked City, which you really should get your hands on.
