The plague replaces the femme fatale in this highly suspense noir film in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan, as always, receives good performances from his actors, but also shows a visual talent for claustrophobic suspense, with a combination of firm compositions and single-shot chase scenes. <br /> <br /> A man who illegally enters the country is killed after a game of cards. It turns out he has a form of bubonic plague, so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers, but also find an inoculum for all those who have had contact. The municipal and health authorities implement a confidentiality plan instead of alerting the community for fear that the culprits will flee the city and spread the disease. A detective and an epidemiologist against the clock form an uneasy alliance as they search the waterfront using their contrasting research styles. Streets raises a huge ethical issue about the public's right to know how the medical officer advocates a media blackout, possibly creating a greater risk to the community. Regardless of the outcome, you can still see yourself guessing the actions of the protagonist of the film. Richard Widmark as Dr.Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren demonstrate a short temper and a reluctant respect for each other in their quest for the killers. Barbera Bel Geddis as Reed's wife has some good moments with Widmark in some domestic scenes that bring the right touch of relief from the strain of desperate searching amid the gloomy surroundings of New Orleans' waterfront impressively photographed by cinematographer Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel, as a small criminal, is visceral and reprehensible, but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance as the skeletal Blackie (Black Death?) Is simply fantastic. With a sweeping intensity, Palance dominates all the scenes in which he is, not only with ample threat, but also with disturbing charm. In addition, it exhibits a formidable athletic that allows a more full continuity of suspense, especially in the powerful allegorical final moments of the film. <br /> <br /> Panic in the Streets is probably Kazan's best non-Brando movie. It is full of tension, suspense well rhythmic and edited. It's ambient in the locale setting gives a sense of augmented reality that allows Kazan the flexibility to display his visual style beyond the stage of film and with Panic he achieves it with aplomb.
