'Panic in the Streets' (1950) owes more to the British noir than its American counterparts. Like Dassin's The Third Man (1949) and Dassin's The Night and the City (1950), director Elia Kazan chose to film largely on the spot, capturing the new and vibrant decadence of the New Orleans favelas. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he also hired many non-professional actors for smaller roles, giving an authenticity to the urban landscape. However, any other comparisons with neorealism would be misleading, for "Panic in the Streets" is pure melodrama of the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant, caught off the bay, has been found to be infected with a pneumonic plague, a deadly mutation of bubonic plague transmitted through the air, which is transmitted from human to human and, without treatment, has a mortality rate that Approximately 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an official with the US Public Health Service, persuades the dubious chief of police (Paul Douglas) to undertake a municipal hunt for the men responsible for the murder so they will not be infected with the disease. In my youth, I discovered that Outbreak (1995), by Wolfgang Petersen, was among the most horrifying movies I've ever seen. This thriller, which owes much to 'Panic in the Streets', terrified me so efficiently because it described the ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer ?? how to defend yourself from such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (I know) to address the issue of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty attributing visual recognition to an enemy that is basically undetectable to the human eye; Instead, he uses Jack Palance as the human personification of the plague. Despite venturing through the filth of human society, you never have the feeling that Clinton Reed is putting her own life at risk (some viewers have noticed that Reed never inoculated himself against the plague, though I think it's safe to assume he made at the same time the team of the morgue}. However, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the murderers of the infected man, underground street rats who pollute the sewers with their crimes. In medieval times, when the Black Plague (now widely believed) to have been a bubonic plague) swept the civilized world, killing a third of Europe's population, many identified destruction as being the work of the Devil. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, serves effectively as Satan in human form: the angular chin-bandit can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but is always subject to exploding in attacks of violence; his two troublemakers (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), through terror more than anything else, are constantly crawling at his feet. When a footman suffers from fever, Blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something with him" (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed), and thus tries to ascertain what this presumably valuable object should be. He cradles the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque demonstration of false affection that is both pathetic and unsettling. Blackie / Satan is finally stopped? not by the authorities, but by the burden of their own infection / evil? when he tries to embark on a cargo ship, the main ship by which the plague has spread throughout Europe.
