When the movie opens, two bad guys kill another bad guy. When the body is discovered and about to be autopsied, the doctor realizes that although the man was shot dead, he also suffered from pneumonic plague - a very unpleasant and more virulent version of the bubonic plague! So it is a race against time to find those who came in contact with the dead man and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could explode. Strangely, I do know a little bit about pneumonic plague, as I taught a series of lectures on it for my history classes. The film did not really do a good job at hitting the facts about the disease, as it did not seem like much of what people had in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they really would not be allowed to show it. Of course, there is a high fever and cough (they got it right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting of blackened blood - along with the enormously swollen lymph nodes as you would pick up with the bubonic plague - all pure and coarse! I can certainly understand why they have not gone that far. Also, I'm sure the federal government would have a much greater involvement in disease control and treatment - here in the film it was treated on a very local level and everyone looked ill-prepared and a little dumb. Nobody seemed willing to believe the doctors! As for acting, the movie had some great actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are respectively the public health doctor and the police chief. Good actors, but also known actors in the 1950s. However, in his first film is the very ominous Jack Palance (still with his original nickname, "Walter Jack Palance"), as well as the relatively unknown (at the time) Zero Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and very physically adept at his own acrobatics. Mostel played a heavy suit of his early work-a kind of cowardly, greasy wickedness. <br /> <br /> All in all, although I do not get the right details and wrap things up in a rather tidy way, the film is very tense. and has excellent acting - and well worth seeing.
