"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan gained a great sense of realism by filming the movie in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fill various roles and make intelligent use of improvisation. As a result, the characters and the dialogue seem very natural and believable. An important timeframe that has to be fulfilled to avoid a disaster, provides the story with its great sense of urgency and rhythm and the problems that delay the necessary action to be taken, then increase the tension to a high level. After a dispute between the participants of a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is played in the dock area. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of a virus, US Public Health official Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is called and his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man should be inoculated without delay because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such action any infected person could die within a few days. As the identity of the deceased is unknown, the task of finding his contacts must be difficult and this situation is not helped when the city officials and the Police Commissioner are not fully convinced by Reed's briefing. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as it claims to be, and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent urgent action. The following investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of sailors, the owner of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants before the identity of the man and his contacts are eventually found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when gang leader Blackie learned of the police investigation in progress, he presumes Kochak should 've smuggled something very valuable to the country. As Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi must know something about it and will find out more. Poldi, however, is very ill and unable to provide any information. Blackie brings his own doctor and along with Fitch begins to take Poldi out of his room and down some stairs and that's when they meet up with Reed and an exciting chase ensues. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark performs well as a low paid civil servant who efficiently faces the burdensome responsibilities of his work, while dealing with his domestic concerns as a family man. In an unusual kind of role for him, he also convincingly portrays the determined and serious nature of Dr. Reed. The film debut of Jack Palance shows him doing an impressive performance as a cruel bandit who misjudges Kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive appearance also helps make your on-screen presence even more appealing. <br /> <br /> In typical docu-noir style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realist influences are used together to effectively capture the atmosphere of the locals. in which the action occurs. Elia Kazan drives with precision, but also stands out in the memorable sequence of chase in the warehouse and on the dock.
