A doctor and a police officer in New Orleans have only 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pneumonic plague. <br /> <br /> An effective and elegant thriller directed by Elia Kazan, which combines documentary realism with a race against time. Heartbeat Defined and filmed in New Orleans, Panic In The Streets is taken from the Quarantine, Some Like It In Cold, by Edna and Edward Anhalt, which won an Oscar for its original story. It also features a well set cast that offers top rate performances to its director. In turn, Richard Widmark (bringing the method one year before Marlon made for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel, all get sweaty as the pursuers chase the pursued to halt the onset of a potential Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where the film scores its main points of suspense is with Kazan's astute ability to pass from side to side between the protagonists without changing the flow and mood of the play. . From Widmark's public health doctor, with the hypodermic needle in his hand, running around trying to locate the bad guys so he can do good; for the bad guys who are confused about why there is a large-scale hunt for them; the tension builds up to the breaking point of the fever. For which, fortunately, the final thirty minutes become a part of the cinema. With Palance standing out as a nasty villain who ironically remembers Tommy Udo, himself from Widmark, from Kiss of Death three years earlier. <br /> <br /> It is an imaginatively and intelligently written story that astutely connects rats and criminals to being disease carriers. A plague in society as it were. It's noirish elements, like paranoia, blend in well with the basic procedural thriller. While some memorable scenes are adequately masked by the stifling atmosphere that Kazan created. Although some of the character's first psychologies threaten to lead the film to a dead end, this is definitely a movie worth watching. Not essential film-noir, and perhaps not even essential Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that begs to be discovered by a new generation of movie lovers and re-evaluated by the old guard who may have lost it back in the day. 7.5 / 10
