Panic In The Streets opens in high noir style, a view along a dark street followed by a camera tilted up to a window, behind which is playing a despicable card game - an opening flourish that, along with some of the filming locations, anticipates part of the atmosphere that Welles brought a decade later in Touch Of Evil. One of the players opens the window; is an appropriate action serving as an introduction to the events within as well as literally opening our first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Filmed in high contrast black and white, Panic In The Streets benefits immensely from strong cast as well as some filming in New Orleans. Scenes set in places like the morgue, the crowded office of ships or amid the peeling paint of 'Frank's Place' offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere, impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, the Kazan film shows the influence of the city of Nude of Dassin, two years earlier, which established the sandy and almost documentary style within the noir cycle. In fact, Widmark's earlier role had been in Dassin's Still More Refined Night And The City, a film in which a growing panic was even more prevalent. Joe MacDonald, one of the director's favorites, photographed the detailed surroundings of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! And went on to shoot Widmark again three years later on Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up On South Street. As others have noticed, in a manner typical of some noir films, Kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, disease, and immorality of the streets with the modest and quiet domestic life of the Reeds. But while (for example) in The Big Heat (1953) by Lang, the hero's home life is destroyed by elements of addiction around the central character - ultimately sending him back to work with greater vigilance and sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets puts Reed's growing anxiety within the confines of what amounts to just another day's work. Despite all danger, he ultimately returns to the bosom of his family justified and satisfied. The implication is that social balance has been restored, at least for a moment, by its professionalism and healing abilities. <br /> <br /> This imbalance, of course, was created by crime and disease. The two are closely associated in this film. This recalls one of the slogans of the much coarser Cobra (1986) - where "Crime Is Disease. Know Cure," a clear analogy in context, if it bothers social reductionism too much. At its climax, while Blackie tries to escape aboard the ship, the visuals specifically allude to rats as being similar to criminals, both posing a threat to the health of society. As (presumably infected) Blackie rounds the cheap quarters and docks with his cronies, in search of something he suspects that everyone is behind, if without knowing exactly what it is, 'plague' and 'Blackie' resonate together in the mind of the public, adding even more to connected associations. Ironically, Blackie's hunch about Poldi's unfortunate cousin that "he brought something" into a note, is correct - even if, ultimately, it's nothing he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that police would not normally bother about the murder of some anonymous illegal immigrant has a real tone about him, and his confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reed, while loving the home, and the side of society, is a true noir hero. Familiar to the genre is the main protagonist as a man who walks alone, forced to travel beyond the bounds of the law. On his way, Reed is forced to take morality into his own hands for the sake of society at large - a dimension of the film that is particularly appropriate given the controversial personal story of director Kazan. The director testified before the infamous HUAC, naming suspects of communists and fellow travelers. His film portrays suspects being transported for questioning, and manipulation of the press, on the grounds that the predominant public good justifies the means. These actions may echo the director's sentiments at the time, presumably accepting the McCarthy witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights it entailed in light of the alleged communist infiltration into the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and state response, such issues as appear in the film are surprisingly modern. <br /> <br /> The highlights in the film include a remarkable scene where Blackie interrogates the dying Poldi for precise nature. of his alleged cousin's smuggling. Cat likes it, Blackie pursues his victim through the room, eventually preying on the condemned's sick bed, holding the feverish head of Poldi in his hands - a marked, evil package. It is a gesture emphasizing the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. Apparently the actors did many or all of their own action scenes, which led to some other very dramatic scenes at the end as police and health authorities approached the villains under the piers. Half-crawling, half struggling over the slippery woods at the dock's pool-side must have been a very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but it's a sequence that adds immensely to the immediacy of it all. <br /> <br /> Occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reed is left to fight against a possible national government emergency. Perhaps so surprisingly, it never inoculates - inviting a dramatic turn that never materializes. At the end of the film, too, the potential epidemic was cut short, all the contactees located, a little too much. But these weaknesses are more than compensated by the other satisfactions of a film that still today is a compulsive and relevant vision.
