It's a tough movie to rate "10 items or less". Generally, I do not mind defining genres, but there is something about this movie that makes you want to put it in a specific category in order to convey, even with just a word, your feelings about it. I thoroughly recommend this movie to anyone and if you really like cinema and if you like life you will want to do the same as soon as you finish watching it. <br /> <br /> I recommend this movie and call it beautiful and delightful to admit that it is not perfect, but it does nothing wrong. I do not want to sound like it contradicts me, but I believe writer / director Brad Silberling knew exactly what he was getting into when he finished writing this inspiring screenplay. I'm sure he wanted to achieve a product that had nothing to do with perfection: a product that would be as simple, attractive, and uncompromising as the title. Well, he did it. Silberling, director of long, complex and dramatic films like "City of Angels" and "Moonlight Mile", proves with "10 Items or Less", which closes in just 70 minutes, the passion he has for his work and also the faith he has in him. Putting an actor (Morgan Freeman) in front of a woman (Paz Vega) in a grocery store and taking them exactly to the places that common life would take them is what Silberling proposes here. <br /> <br /> I can say no more because, within apparent simplicity, there is an instigating background that should not be underestimated. Because here everyone is exposed: the camera focuses directly on the two main characters, who share endless conversations in a car ride with stops that are not infinite just because life is life. And let me express how to praise how well Silberling handles the situation by saying that he arrives in less time (not only in the length of the film but in the only day on which the film develops its events) and in a smaller place, the type of connection between two characters that Sofia Coppola generated in "Lost In Translation". <br /> <br /> That movie, set in Tokyo, also found an actor and a woman, and they also had conversations about the times in which they were living. their life. It is in the conversations that we perceive the provocative quality of "10 Items or Less" and, like in Coppola's film, the naturalness of each situation is never lost and the images with all music and without words do not seem forced or included in the photo for 'buy time'. <br /> <br /> In this regard, the collaboration of Silberling and his director of photography Phedon Papamichael. The man who filmed the beautiful scenes on Sideways and focused on all the emotions of "Patch Adams" enchants us here with visual passages of true natural beauty. <br /> <br /> But the final beauty of "10 Items or Less" can be found in its cast (by Avy Kaufman) in its two protagonists. It is they who convey this feeling that I mentioned at the beginning and I can not specify; we feel their connection and we can say that they are having fun and that they may even be improvising things. Oscar winner Morgan Freeman, also executive producer of the film, simply stands there and confirms the status he has today in the film industry, and one that is well deserved: a quiet man full of wisdom that can easily make you cry when it can make you laugh. And beautiful Peace Vega (well, I said she was great at "Spanglish") "Here she proves it's the real deal, and Hollywood is not small to her.
