Knowing when to end a movie is as important as broadcasting, directing and acting. And it's good to see when a director / script hits. With a time of 82 minutes, 10 ITEMS OR LESS does not expand the story, trying to understand inanimate topics. Stay focused, being funny, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) stars as "He", an elderly actor who clings to any role presented to him. We are introduced to "Him" while he travels to a grocery store in a remote part of town by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, The Kid presses him to talk about his absence in the movies in recent years. He is not very accessible because, not only has he been away for now, he is also on his way to a filming location for an indie film in which he could act ("I have not decided if I will accept the part."). The Kid is a relative of the director involved in this independent venture and soon leaves him in the middle of nowheresville. Stuck, He decides to check the local market. He immediately rushes to the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega), which operates the 10 items or less. Not only surprisingly beautiful, but clever, he begins to use it as his main research subject for his next independent film role. He discovers how she discovers numbers so quickly and why she knows the peculiarities of all the members of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he does not just use Scarlet, he helps her so he can see deeper into her. life. They travel together to get the car back from a cheating husband, and he teaches her how to take action to get a new job she is suffering, and how to dress for success even when confronted with Target as the epitome of clothing local. This is probably one of the funniest moments as we get a glimpse of Him as well, showing his total lack of understanding of the retail world of the chain store ("These shirts cost only $ 12! How is that possible!"), As said at the beginning of this review, is abrupt, but by the way. There is no way these two remain friends despite forming a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what each one has gained from the other. It's a quiet but thought-provoking moment while Scarlet's car is idle outside Him's mansion. <br /> <br /> This is a great independent production and it takes little time to continue. And you will not waste your time either.
