Running only seventy-two minutes, this small, forgotten dramatic from 2006 is really just a two-character sketch piece, but it works very well within its limitations. Occurring almost entirely in several places not described in South Los Angeles, the story itself is inconsequential, but as Sofia Coppola's Lost in Translation, the film is much more about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common and vain link though. back to their lives illuminated by the momentous encounter. It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega are playing the characters. Finally freed from wise sages and authority figures who are not reproved and who have become his specialty on the big screen, Freeman seems comparatively liberated as a somewhat self-indulgent movie star. His character is taken to a low-rent grocery store in Carson where he can research a role he is considering in an independent film. Out of work for a few years, he is embarrassed. when he sees DVDs of his films on the bargain, but his ego is such that he does not lack the temerity to watch and even imitate the weak shop personnel. Of particular fascination for him is Scarlet, a bitter worker from Spain and relegated to the express line where she is the unrecognized model of efficiency. She has an interview for a secretary job at a construction company, but her deep insecurity seems to defeat her chances already. Still resembling Penelope Cruz's Amazonian sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable features of James L. Brooks's execrable "Spanglish") brings a realistic aridity and vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman interact very well throughout history, which includes stops not only at the grocery store but also at Target, Arby's and the full-service car wash. Nothing that shakes the earth except to show how two people perceive the resonance of the transience of casual encounters. Silberling keeps the procedures simple, but the production also reflects specialized skill in the vibrant cinematography of Phedon Papamichael (he filmed Alexander Payne's "Sideways") and the infectious account of Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are quick appearances by Bobby Cannavale (as Scarlet's ex-husband) and themselves, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a little funny with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as the clueless driver and Jim Parsons "knight" in "Garden State") as a worship receptionist. The 2007 DVD is packed with extras, including a making-of documentary, "15 Days or Less," aimed at film students and a 103-minute marathon; six extended scenes; a light-hearted, three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman, and Vega in the middle of Target; and some snippets that specifically announce the DVD.
