I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'The Shawshank Redemption' is at the top of my all-time favorite movies. But I have to admit that I often wondered about his choice of roles. So many of his titles were big-budget clichés without a heart. '10 Items Or Less' for me marks Freeman's return to a role that truly shows his considerable acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an unidentified Hollywood actor who has not worked for several years. . He was offered a role in an unspecified IND image for which he is researching at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in Los Angeles. After being stranded by his weird driver, Freeman gets a ride home by the girl from box Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he befriended. Before she can take him home, Scarlet has a great job interview she needs, and Freeman agrees to accompany him in return for the ride. <br /> <br /> The film accompanies Scarlet and Freeman in various locations. , but the film is really just a piece of character about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the quintessential kind of Hollywood who has not heard of Target, and does not know his own phone number or even the day of the week he is. He unleashes the wisdom of the Dalai Lama leaked through his mindset "the whole world is just a stage", and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview "audition". And yet he has a way with people, a way to affect them that goes beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks incessant questions about them, and delights in their peculiarities, where others simply become annoyed. In Scarlet, he sees the stubborn and proud solitary he was; he sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, in turn, displays fierce pride and a sharp tongue that serve to hide her own insecurities about herself. Vega plays the part with a connection with Freeman that skims the line between an almost feminine love and physical attraction, although she touches it beautifully and is not as frightening as it seems. But even as she feels her connection to Freeman grow, Scarlet has a keen eye to the reality of her different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bull with a strong pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but truth. <br /> <br /> The film is clever, fun and well written, with simple yet effective dialogues. I read a review by IMDb that said the lines were "blistered", which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There are no great soliloquies here, no deep moments of soul-searching. And the trick is, I think, to show how people in everyday life can forge connections with one another. And I think Freeman and Vega do it beautifully, painting an image of a bond between two people that shines like the sun in the ocean, ethereal and indescribable. Long after he's gone, he's still living in his memories, tormenting you with what might have been. Okay, that was a little flowery, but I really enjoyed the performances and the movie. I would certainly recommend it.
