Diego Armando Maradona was sixteen years old in 1978, when Argentina won the World Cup at home. He was already the biggest star and the biggest player in a country obsessed with football. Everyone begged Cesar Luis Menotti to play the boy's genius, but the businessman thought he was not ready yet. History records that Argentina won the 1978 World Cup quite convincingly - they did not really need Maradona. . The same did not happen in 1982. Spain was a disaster catalog for Argentina. Menotti - still smoking chain - played Diego this time, but the occasion was too much for such a temperamental boy. Maradona signed for Barcelona on June 4, 1982 for about $ 7 million - nine days later he played his first game at the Camp Nou and Belgium beat Argentina with a zero. It was not an auspicious debut, and despite having scored twice against Hungary in the next match, Maradona will remember the World Cup as the place of his nadir - a crude and petulant foul on Brazilian Batista in Round Two that abruptly ended his tournament and The reign of Argentina as world champion. <br /> <br /> But now everything was behind. Maradona had crawled for some crazy moments at Barca and left in 1984 to join Napoli. It was as if he were finally home. The Neapolitan Tifosi had done everything to attract Maradona to the poor and unsatisfied Napoli. Gifts from elderly women and pocket money from boys lounged uncomfortably with the millions of Camorra as part of the transfer fee, and the city was determined to make it feel at home. So, at least for now, Maradona was El Rey - he brought his Argentine team to Mexico as a favorite, and with a new coach - Carlos Bilardo replaced Menotti. <br /> <br /> Maradona is the hero. of this story, a winning machine for a World Cup. In 1982, hundreds of young people had died in a futile battle for the Falkland Islands; now the British press was looking forward to a rematch (with the same result) in Mexico City. Maradona was still considered with distinction in England, most remembered for an excellent performance in England during a tour of 1980 than for Spain. But he was still an Argie: the enemy. <br /> <br /> England really started well, and Lineker could have scored after just 12 minutes. An important event happened in 8 minutes. Fenwick, the great and limited English defender, was marked - now he was afraid to make any kind of challenge around the area. <br /> <br /> After a tense in the first 45 minutes, the second half began with a bang. Maradona danced forward after 50 minutes but could not find the way. In the same way, Valdano's attempt reached only white shirts. Then the moment of infamy that serves as Diego's epitaph. Hodge bizarrely put the ball back in its own area, Shilton hastily jumped to complain - but there was Maradona somehow rising above the English goalkeeper to push the ball into the net. How did he do it? Simple: handball. <br /> <br /> The most famous lack in football history has gone by in slow motion. All the spectators expected that Mr. Al-Sharif of Syria would blow the fault (he did not). Shilton looked up and made an appeal to the little flag - he ran back to the center circle. Unless he kills the pope, or becomes the first man to step on Mars, when the great man dies, this moment will be shown first - in long, slow slow motion, followed by the look of joy on his face. The next image will be his next gift to the world - the best goal of the World Cup. <br /> <br /> Burruchaga stroked the ball to Maradona, who was walking on the right side of his own half. He expanded and sped away from Beardsley and Reid. This was the real Diego - he broke Butcher and attacked Fenwick. Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack. Normally, he would have pointed his boot somewhere near Maradona's thigh - sure he would have picked up a red card, but who cares? So Fenwick had a brainwave - he hesitated, and decided to run into Maradona by waving his arms - maybe he was trying to push him away? Diego threw the box when Fenwick fell. Butcher was running beside the genius as if offering encouragement. Shilton panicked, and Maradona turned and prepared to score. Now Butcher remembered his role and tried to paralyze the Argentine - instead, he gave an extra boost to the kick, which hit the goal. England was coming home. <br /> <br /> During that magical Mexican summer, the world found a successor to Pelé. In fact, the greatest footballer of all time was outgrown - Pele had been superb in 1958 and 1970 but had great players around you. Maradona does not. 1986 was his World Cup.
