Barbra Streisand's television premiere is still a highlight in entertainment history - in any media. Cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made the daring yet masterly decision to abandon the typical variety show format of the day (and that's why there are no guest artists and no jokes) and the whole show on your shoulders alone. The risky move paid off enormously, as MY NAME IS BARBRA set a new standard for music programming on television. Filmed in glorious black-and-white (which really increases the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA is perfectly designed and impressively filmed. However, what makes the program truly transcendent is Streisand itself. Watching the 23-year-old artist navigate through the 55-minute runtime of the show is nothing short of exciting. She has a fantastic voice (and even performs the first and third live acts), and gives the first evidence of the immense stellar power that would soon follow her to the big screen. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset of the special is It is daring to allow Streisand to simply take the stage and sing some great songs. After the powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a short opening excerpt from "My Name Is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra goes through a multi-level studio playing a frantic version of the Disney classic "I'm Evening." Between the verses from "I'm Late", Streisand stops at various levels on the set to sing some incredible numbers, such as the astonishing "Make Believe" and the thundering "How Does the Wine Taste?" In the middle of Act I, Barbra re-enters her own childhood with the chords of "A Kid Again," and then performs highly energetic performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" while playing between a large set . The illusion is eventually destroyed, however, when Streisand finds himself out of fantasy and back into the real world. She then sings about that innocence lost in childhood, in the lovely "Where Is the Wonder?" Streisand then rushes to a platform stage surrounded by a room full of musicians and performs an exciting rendition of "People" before the thunderous applause of a live audience. Act II of the special begins with Streisand for the studio audience with an exaggerated version of "I've Got the Blues," before delivering a comedy monologue on "Pearl from Istanbul." Streisand then heads to the Bergdorf Goodman department store, which allows him to sing a mix of songs of poverty while parading in some of the store's fashionable fashions. This segment is the most brilliant highlight of the special for many fans and critics. Some highlights of Act II medley include Streisand singing a contained version of "Second Hand Rose" to the public, appearing as a Latin bullfighter to the tone of "Nobody Knows When You're Down and Out," and portraying a frustrated paperboy while assaulting the "Brother, you can spare a dime." The third act of the special is a direct concert, without parts or concepts. Streisand is an artist who really thrives on the stage of the concert, and this segment is the most exciting moment of the special. Streisand comes in with a near-defiant interpretation of the gravity of "When the Sun Comes Out," and continues to amaze the viewer with a beautiful rendition of THE YEARLING ballad "Why Did I Choose You," a sizzling performance from "Lover Come Back to Me ", and a passionate medley of three songs formed by FUNNY GIRL. Streisand really outdoes herself, however, with a phenomenal interpretation of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday's "My Man," which instantly became one of the singer's most beloved songs. Streisand plays his immortal ballad. the "Happy Days" version is here again, while the final credits pass on the left side of the screen. The iconic finish of the number reaffirms to the viewer that he actually saw something really special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a great achievement when it first aired, and eventually won five Emmy Awards, and produced two Top-Five and Gold soundtrack albums. Watching it all over again, it's no surprise.
