Fans of Streisand, just familiar with her work from the FUNNY GIRL movie, need to watch this show to see what the brilliant actress, Streisand WAS - BEFORE, has achieved her goal of becoming a movie star. There has never been a singer like her before, and there would never be (excuse me, Celine - only in her dreams!), But Streisand would never again sing with the vibration, energy and, above all, the ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which she presents her here - by the time she arrives at the Central Park concert just 2 or 3 years later, she was filming THE FUNNY in Hollywood and her style of presentation became less spontaneous and more reserved, more rehearsed, let's face: there is a wall between her and the audience. Live performance was never what she really liked - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood, and since she did not have to, she did as little as possible (and oh, the legendary stage fright is so good. <br /> <br /> Her vocals here and her appearance at the Judy Garland Show are incredible: Streisand could really make an old song sound again, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for it. in the 1970s, Streisand was trying to be a "rock" singer, her albums favoring the younger crowd, with shrill cries of songs that were unworthy of her effort or her voice. In the years 80, she came back with the brilliant "Broadway Album," but kept talking about how hard it was to do it, how "they" told her not to do it, Oh, please - when someone told Streisand what to do? doing good things like that from the beginning, raising the audience at her level, instead of lowering herself to what she thought the young audience wanted. (The sequence of "Back to Broadway" was not as good as Streisand seems to find it necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he was alive at the time, Richard Rodgers would have recognized his own "Some Enchanted Evening" singers fighting for their melodies, no doubt would have gone after Streisand to sing what he had written! It also takes Michael Crawford from the CD in his duet of "Music of the Night" - apparently reminding him just who the CD is Why does she insist on picking songs that are duets and sing them singly, and songs that are not duets and sing them like duets with another person she then decreases?) Supposedly, Judy Garland took Streisand aside and counseled her : "Do not let them do to you what they did to me," which Streisand did not waste time on - despite their protests to the contrary, it certainly seems like it's always been their way or the road. CBS as her first TV special would be made - no guests, only her. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results so evident here. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE you are a legend - you will be absolutely amazed at the difference! PS - I watched it again last night (1/1) after not seeing it for many years - it was even better than I remembered! Act 1 begins with "I'm Late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How Does the Wine Taste", and Barbra's childhood homage, "I'm Five" - ​​climaxes when Streisand appears with all (and I mean FULL) orchestra to sing "People" - she was not bored with the song yet and although it's a shorter version that really goes up - compare some of her later versions of "auto-pilot". The second act (after Streisand's "kooky" style, which has not changed much over the years) is the famous series of Depression songs set in the midst of the Bergdorf-Goodman extravaganza. <br /> <br /> The third law is the stunner - call it "Streisand, the Orchestra and the Audience" (though we never see the audience that supposedly witnesses this historical event). With her public fear and dislike for such performance, this may have been the hardest part for her, but if so, to her credit, this does not appear. She rips "Lover Come Back to Me" and the torch "When the Sun Comes Out" (although I can not remember in what order!), The poignant "Why did I choose you?" (One of my all-time favorites) Streisand performances) and offers a mix of FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "No Rain on My Parade" and my favorite music score, "The Music That Makes Me Dance." Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang a song like this in 1922, and she made the Broadway toast, "Streisand then sings" My Man, "and is almost a rehearsal model for her latest performance in the FUNNY film (the main difference is that the black dress here is sleeveless - her film dress had long sleeves and against the black background all we saw were his hands and face), but the vocals here are more urgent and loaded than his last vocal film (his music performance has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who, of course, never sang the song of as complete as Streisand does here or in the movie - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a glimpse of the more discreet version of Brice.) The show ends with Streisand singing "Happy Days Are Here Again" about the credits. <br /> <br /> When it was over, I told the friend I was watching: "She NEVER, NEVER, did anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was TWENTY THREE YEARS OLD!
