Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity and probably raised more than a few eyebrows from the industry when CBS signed her for a 10-year contract that cost $ 5 million (nothing these days). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and they succeeded. She had this special movie filmed on her way, and for the most part her vision was clever, shrewd and incredible. Opening Act I with the title song (not written specifically for her), Streisand runs through a cast of songs linked with "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"! fuzzy ears and whiskers, and "too long to shave"!); this is a totally charming selection, if not bizarre, and you take advantage of it because you did not make the TWO albums of the soundtrack to be released. It slows down Make Believe (which may be too slow), but the dramatic "How does wine taste?" It's incredible. "A Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand looking tiny in a huge chair - is that where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), Just like "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm an alligator - crocodile - no alligator!") . "Where is the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra that played for her at the end of the song, is impressive. The second act is set in Bergdof Goodman of New York, with Streisand acting oddly on high fashion plans (when she jokes on the mart, the audience watching the tape really gasps). Act III, before a studio audience (comprised of lucky fan club devotees), begins with a powerful version of "When the sun comes out" (Streisand really seems out of breath in the dramatic end), followed by "Why me I choose you?" (probably her best song at first), a very fast "Lover, Come Back to Me" (where she ends up being drowned by the orchestra), and a medley of "Funny Girl". The finale, "Happy Days Are Here Again," which supposedly took 12 takes, closes the hour surprisingly. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber-making company!), This black-and-white gem moves quickly, with jazzy mounts, fantastic cinematography, chic sets and costumes. They really do not do it any more - and this is about the special and La Streisand.
