I could not help but feel that this could have been a bigger movie than it was. The script is highly intelligent and looked like it could have been opened in a more reminiscent of Seven. Not changing the story - I think mostly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I found to be holding the film. On the other hand, the pace was absolutely on point. Whoever worked on the issue really did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great driving job. Now away from the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie has taken a turn. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! All the time, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, I was thrown by a loop. I suspected the first part of the turnaround, but what really threw me was when he touches the agent and sees the agent murder his mother and the fact that the agent too (no words spoken, simply by touch) sees again with Adam and asks as he knew. My dilemma was not that it was another twist, but the almost unattainable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but actually chose "evil" so to speak, knowing their sins and crimes already. I did not endorse eye to eye, so I did not let the movie be able to believe they were doing God's work. Instead, I chose to believe that both were clairvoyant and that the father had come out of the well one day and, through the things that he subjected his children, also disturbed them permanently. That was my interpretation, but the annoying thing about the movie was like a house of cards and an endless circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events that you went through. It's definitely one of those movies where I would love to meet the writer so I could ask him what the real meaning of it all was. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and licensed because of it? Or did they have some kind of God-like appearance? And if it were so, would God or the devil be disguised as God? My friends and I found ourselves talking about it all night long trying to figure out what it was that the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this movie. <br /> <br /> A definitely unusual movie of thought invoking with some movie. very disturbing, but certainly not sensationalist elements. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely something of its own. Bill Paxton's great directing and acting work and the child representing Fenton were extremely good. I hope he does not end up relegated to the child actor syndrome, because he seems to have a lot of promise. I gave this film a good vote for most of the filmmaking components, but I would have voted higher if it were not for the feeling that something (although I can not identify what) was out and if it had not been , the film would have gone to an even higher level. Still, a definitive recommendation, especially for those who are inquisitive.
