The film "Fragility" is actually more of a psychological thriller than a horror movie. It has all the trappings of a horror movie, but that's not it. "Frailty" is a film about perceptions of religion and realize the differences between right and wrong. In "Frailty," a middle-aged father (Bill Paxton) and his two sons claim to be doing God's work. It turns out they are a trio of notorious serial killers called "Hands of God." We watch the father kill the "demons" in brutal ways, convincing his children and himself that they are doing God's work and that what they are doing is right. He states that he received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to eliminate the demons that live here on earth. God gave him a list of names and in exchange for his "services"; he and his children will receive protection, which basically means that the police will never be able to capture them. We see all this unfold before us in a very disturbing way. But what is really disturbing about it all is the effect it has on both children, particularly the eldest son, Adam. Adam himself seriously doubts the existence of a supreme being, that is, until his father and a week in the basement change all that. He knows that his father has obviously lost his mind and is sure that the same is happening to his younger brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of this puzzle, accepts everything as if it were his own religion. He seems trapped in the world of God and his father's demons. I think this is because he is very young and easily impressionable. But everything that happens with these three is quite convincing, in fact, very convincing. <br /> <br /> The events that occur in the film can be seen as a vivid hallucination being tried out by the three main characters. I say this because each of them reacts to the situation in different ways and at one point in the film each of them claims to see God. Dad sees the murders as his mission. His "mission" ends up consuming him and quickly turns into an obsession for the eradication of demons. In fact, his hallucination is the main one. His "orders" and the list of names he receives are all part of this hallucination. Watch the scene where Dad finds the ax in a barn to find out where I come from. Fenton, the youngest son, is easily struck by all this talk about demons and destruction. Since he's so young, it's easy for him to fall into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand, is very skeptical of his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> In a way, hallucination ends when Dad is killed at the end of the movie. (I will not tell how or under what circumstances). But I will say it is not pleasant. After his death, he advances to the present day. (The story is being told through flashbacks, as seen through the eyes of the eldest son Adam). In fact, it is Fenton who is telling the story, not Adam as he was originally believed. The story is being told the way he realized, through his actions and actions of his brother. Fenton has gone crazy and continues what his father started by luring the FBI agent into his trap. As religion is a major theme in this film, the film also shows how easy it is for religion to be misunderstood by those who do not have a full understanding of it. Before Dad discovered his new mission, he did not have a clear understanding of religion or fully believe in a supreme being. His sons Fenton and Adam used to sing innocent hymns of small children, but probably did not have a clear understanding of what the letters meant. After the revelation of Daddy's newly discovered mission, the two moved in different directions-Adam remained in doubt that there was a supreme being while Fenton was gradually sucked out by his father's madness. <br /> <br /> A very good thriller that will crawl out of you, not watch alone.
