Fragility is a non-bloody horror movie that reaches its chills, following the logic and impact of a man's delusion / obsession directly into depravity. Dad (we never learn his name) is a gentle, loving man father who is raising his children alone after Mom died giving birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family world goes head-to-head late at night when Daddy enters the boys' bedroom and says God gave him a vision. And what vision? the work of the whole family is to destroy the demons, which, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> From this premise, the film is unshakeable in following it. Dad kidnaps people / demons that God told him to destroy, binds them, puts his hand on them to see a vision of his evil, then kills them? while making your young children watch. Fenton, the eldest boy, is horrified, seeing only a father who has turned into a mad killer. Adam, the youngest, is uncomfortable, but believes that Daddy is following God's will. Eventually, Papa takes his children on missions to kidnap the "demons" God has placed on Papa's list and finally invites them to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> This is not, you understand, an abusive parent. He loves his children. He's just following God's instructions: "This is our job now, son. We have to do this." When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father went crazy, says that he will report him to the police, his father explains: "If you do this, my son, I am going to die." The angel was clear about this. The pressure that children are under is unbearable and tragic, and deforms their whole lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: A flashback story told at a police station for an FBI agent. The moody lighting, the tempestuous weather and the frightening calm these days add to the threat of the past. I wanted to believe that the unfolding horror was just a story, until I remembered the real life parallel of Andrea Yates, who believed she was possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even so, I wanted to believe that I was witnessing a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> The film did not give me such comfort, however, as it gave strong clues in the end about the veracity of the father's vision. And that, as well as a few holes in the plot, was a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of Dad's visions, regardless of the harm his victims may have committed, where does one get the authority to act like an angel of death? (1) Roger Ebert review, 12/4/02
