A series of Richard Attenborough's films as director were biographies of great historical figures - "Young Winston," "Gandhi," "Chaplin." "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case Attenborough is a much more obscure character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted ideas. of environmentalism and conservation of nature at a time when these causes were less fashionable than they are today. It was widely believed that he was an American Indian; the story he told about himself was that he had been born in Mexico, the son of a Scottish father and mother Apache, and had emigrated to Canada, where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin near a lake in a remote part of the Canadian desert, where he earned his living as a trap-hunter. He traveled through Britain twice in 1935 and 1937 to promote his books and give lectures on conservationism, and achieved great success even though he was introduced to the Royal Family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater). After his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he was not who he claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English coastal town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film starts from the facts of Gray Owl's life. In a scene set in 1934, he claims to be 41; in fact, he was born in 1888 and would have been 46 that year. (46 would have been Pierce Brosnan's age when the movie was made, so I do not know why that change was made). Numerous events are packed in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). In the film it is during this period that he knows and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact he met and married Gertrude in 1925. The film also omits the fact that they divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The disclosure of Gray Owl's true identity adversely affected his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as a "fraud." His supposed deceit was even used to discredit the causes he had advocated. Richard Attenborough, however, has a more comprehensive view of his achievements. One of the themes explored by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although the old Archibald Belaney was not a native Indian from Canada, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of the culture and tradition of the Ojibway and that he spoke fluently his language. He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of his tribe. Therefore, it seems unfair to describe his claim to a Native American identity as being fraudulent simply because it was an identity that he had chosen instead of the one he had been born. According to the film Gray's wife, Gertrude, was a descendant of Indians, but came from a family that had been assimilated by the white Canadian culture. Your marriage can therefore be seen as a recovery from your family's original cultural heritage. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but also had an influence on him, persuading him to give up his job as a fur hunter because he had moral objections to killing animals because of his skin. A critique The film makes Pierce Brosnan "miscued" as the hero, a critic who seems to be rooted in the prejudice that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond mold. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan may have deliberately taken on this role to avoid being labeled, and the taciturn gray-haired Gray Owl is as far removed from the sophisticated and kindly agent as Bond can be. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in such films as "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires." Brosnan is indeed very good in this role, although I agree with those who considered Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another frequently commented criticism I would not agree with is that the movie is "boring." "It's certainly not an action movie like the Bonds, nor is it a great epic biopic like" Gandhi, "and may actually seem boring to those who expected it to be either. anybody interested in the early days of the conservation movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity.The scenes of the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed Richard Attenborough did us a job, helping to revive the interest for this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 10
