Originally conceived as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, 'Not Only ... But Also' saw the former collaborator of 'Beyond The Fringe' Peter Cook on the first show, and so well received was that the BBC-2 controller insisted that he is in it every week from then on. They were a classic comedy team - Cook was tall, handsome and witty, while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically talented. The outline that brought the house down had them in a pub, wearing caps and scarves, fantasizing about movie stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most hilarious skits of all time, and even when Cook's corpses still hold well together. These characters - the idiot Pete and the bigger idiot, Dud - found their way into each episode. the show itself, seen in a different setting, such as a zoo or an art gallery. In the latter, they chewed sandwiches while discussing works of art. "That drawing of Leonardo DaVinci ... I do not see the joke!" Says Dud. Pete points out that when it was revealed for the first time, it probably had people in attacks. Dud nearly choked on his meal. "You really like those sandwiches!", Ad libs Cook. The pair jumped each other's mood in a way that was joyful to see. The sketches themselves set new standards for comedy, patterns that would not be matched until the arrival of 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> As the program's popularity increased, so did the quality of the invited stars. Peter Sellers, for example, and John Lennon, the latter presenting a filmed item based on his poem 'Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me'. 'One Leg Too Few' - had Dud as 'George Spigott' (a name later reused in the film 'Bedazzled'), a one-legged man who enters the office of film producer Cook to do a test for the role of 'Tarzan'. Cook tries to disappoint him in the best way possible. "I have nothing against your right leg!" He says. "The problem is you do not!" Dud occasionally interviewed the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (cook), who when he was not teaching crows to fly underwater, was planning to open a restaurant called 'The Frog & The Peach'. Another classic was 'The Leaping Nuns' (also reused in 'Bedazzled'). But my all-time favorite has to be 'Superthunderstingcar', a perversely funny (and accurate) parody of Gerry's and Sylvia Anderson's 'Thunderbirds'. Pete and Dud played all the roles, with the latter making a cute 'Lady Penelope'. 'Ludwig' had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of a variety show 'This Is Tom Jones' style. 'The Immortal Bargo' was a fake documentary about the life of the reclusive movie star 'Emma Bargo'. In an unforgettable moment, she drove through London, shouting through a megaphone: "I want to be alone!". A season 3 movie was "Poets Injured," with names like Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan. Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others suspended over a gunge tank. Each of them had to improvise the line of a poem, and anyone who could not make it rhyme would do away with the unpleasant things. <br /> <br /> Three seasons were made in all, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, very few issues survive. To make matters worse, the scripts were destroyed as well. It is unbelievable that this situation happened. <br /> <br /> The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, made the famous Derek & Clive tapes, but Cook's growing alcoholism separated them. . Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was about to happen, but it turned out to be a positive thought on his part. Her ex-partner was making movies in America, and had no intention of working with Cook again (not then, anyway). No more filming for a BBC2 rehearsal season in the early 1990s. As expected, some items did not hold up as well as others. Cook died in 1995, and by way of a tribute to B.B.C mounted a program compiled from various interviews of 'Parkinson' and 'Not Only ... But Also' shows. He ended up quite appropriately with Pete and Dud meeting in the sky. "Bloody Hell!" Exclaimed the latter. Moore died in 2002.
