Enterprise, the latest high-budget split for the most successful franchise in the history of film and television sets the tone for a 90-minute episode called "Broken Bow." First we are dragged into a massive action sequence with a Klingon being chased by some Suliban (who are the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, the televised film takes us on a journey that is rarely as good as it is, with some of the best character developments, stories and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Opening credits are a debatable subject among the minority of Enterprise fans, who some believe the music is out of place. What they do not realize is the letter itself. If someone hears the music itself, instead of the theme, they will begin to piece together the puzzle. And eventually, as the series progresses more and more, and we learn more about the brave captain and his crew, the music will really become meaningful. Overall, the theme of Diane Warren is beautifully orchestrated and is also sung by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes any television program watchable and worth watching is once again its characters and the way they become structured. in layers. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the best-made shows since The Next Generation. Choosing Scott Bakula, like Captain Jonathan Archer, was the best decision ever since Gene himself named Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds a subtlety to his role and brings a huge smile to anyone's faces with blood pumping in his veins. He is simply (both the wise actor and the wise character) a superb human being, and his charm, intelligence, and compassion are impressive to watch. As for the other cast members, one of my favorites is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also good to see a non-human playing a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog named 'Porthos' was a welcome idea. Throughout the development of the show character was brilliant, was fast, well timed and almost perfect. I say almost because, unfortunately, the character of Travis Mayweather played by British Anthony Montgomery is a little weak at the end of the first season. He has a few things to say here and there but it remains in the hands of producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as the Subcommander T'Pol, sometimes rough but equally adorable. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays an important and compelling role as the weapons officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds charm and comic style to his character and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but fortunately quickly becomes interesting. All these characters form the Enterprise, and all bring a quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Every person makes this show worth watching. Smiles and sensations are guaranteed from the first time we see them together on the Enterprise NX-01 spacecraft's bridge. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is a bit questionable in the design. The series is set 150 years and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why then does the ship appear to be similar in design to the ships of the 24th century, that is, the spacecraft of the Akira class? Continuity has been a problem on the Enterprise, but luckily Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer adequate explanations for each of them. Continuity is only a problem if you are always scanning the programs and obsessed with the tiniest of details. If you see the show with an open mind, then you will have no problems, but there is a desire to know "why" all the time. So what did Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan base with the ship's own question? According to them, the NX-01 is so because of the incident in the first contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and talk to the visiting team led by Commander Riker, he changed the ideas in his head. That's a good explanation for me. Of course, it's not so easy for some fans to accept this kind of response, some go so far as to refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable response. Come on, guys grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga with the release of his new trilogy, fans could not do anything, just watch and get bored anyway. And then they learned that, well, it might not be that bad. If you can not accept a quality show for what it is, not what it should be in your mind, then go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer in the show and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The Enterprise scenarios remind me a lot about Deep Space Nine's Defiant. They often seem cold and have a mysterious appearance of modern structure to them and they scream that they belong to the military. Perhaps that's why the crew of the USS Enterprise (also known as the flagship of the American fleet) enjoy it so much. They are striking ensembles, and represent the show perfectly. Rick Berman 'the ruler of the empire' as John Logan so accurately put it and his colleague Brannon Braga hit his head exactly where they should have it, and in all the right places. Whether it's technicality, visual, sound, editing or punctuation. Enterprise is a good demonstration of how good TV science fiction can be when in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan then you should.
