The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter is beginning to set in and the inhabitants, both human and sheep, are settling in much calmer times ahead. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick) a former British Army parachutist, is a local dentist, is not an islander by birth and as such, his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always viewed with little suspicion Not maliciously, but only out of the protective instincts that the united community has for their relatives. The serenity of the islands is broken when Gaffikin goes out for a solitary round of golf and finds the remains of a brutally dead woman. He immediately recounts his horrific discovery for Ins Insip (Maurice Roëves) at the island's police station, Inskip organizes the delivery of the remains to the local GP, Dr. Goudry, for a closer inspection. A quick search for the killer is fruitless, as is a search for a missing local woman. During that evening's dinner with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman may be Sheila Anderson, a mainland woman who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search in his home Dove Cottage reveals the remains of his body, his house proving to be the scene of the crime, but why did the killer drag his torso by more than a mile and a half in the forest? The suspicion immediately falls on a stranger on the island, Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who was also the last person to see her alive when they arrived on the last raft together. Goudry asks Gaffikin for some dental knowledge on the victim's body, reveals that she has been torn by someone or something with a lot of force, a set of teeth marks on the body seems to point to a human killer, another points to an unknown animal Of some sort. A sheep is found mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is found dead. With a heavy fog coming in, the island is separated from the mainland and any possibility of help, the radio also does not work, apparently blocked and the phone lines cut off. Reports of UFOs and the observation of a camouflaged soldier are aggravated by the discovery of a strange-looking vessel hidden behind stones on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but the facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens may be involved, but an increase in the island's radioactive levels makes him doubt himself. Nightmare Man is based on David Wiltshire's novel Child of the Vodyanoi, adapted here by Dr. Who and Blake writer Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had experience in direction to science fiction classics and the film benefits from this kind of experience. experts on board. Nightmare Man is, in general, a more succinctly crafted piece that builds his plot alongside a solid character development, even for the secondary characters, time is given to give everyone a solid background. The configuration of the island is perhaps a cliché of genre that has been used over and over again, but it is one that I really like, the distance, the feeling of being under siege always add to the atmosphere and here is given an extra Oomph by having a near impenetrable mist to hinder all efforts. In many such genre efforts, it is very easy for the process to be silly and for the plot to resort to melodrama, but credited to Camfield, it holds it all together with an emphasis on credibility at all times. There is an authenticity about the procedures, the characters even speaking Gaelic sometimes to promote this point. If there is a negative about the killer it is that, we are given his / her / its POV for the killings, an acceptable cliché on their own, but when seen through a red filter and a fisheye lens, it just screams of exaggeration and date the movie just a little bit. Still, you will be hard-pressed to guess the result or the identity or, in this case, the killer species, given the clues presented, but it is a fun and well-represented piece. The local Scottish cast is exceptional, the local bobbies Roeves and Cosmo, in particular, spare each other and are a delight to behold. Imrie, who I have never done in other works, is also very good and shows a female physique as if she were in a Hammer production. The odd, perhaps even absurd, ending may bore some viewers, disappointed me in some ways, but given when it was done, is an understandable and acceptable addition that, if you think about it, is even more terrifying.
