There is no greater disservice to do with history than to misrepresent it. This takes the easy and superficial route by simply portraying it as a monster. Just showing off their negative sides and exaggerating them. "Those who are ignorant of the past condemn us to repeat it." He was a human being. This may be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is facing what we do not want. Instead of demonizing man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing someone similar in the future, or possibly even the present, from succeeding in anything remotely comparable in scope, in regard to harm and misery. I hate him and what he did, do not do it mythically, intentionally or otherwise. Frankly, a lot of this mini-series could play "dumb dumb * duuum *!" after or during the scenes. The whole thing nods, pokes and winks at the audience, with a clear message of "this guy was evil or what," incorporating all the bad traits (as well as inventing several that go directly against who and what he was), leaving they appear more or less out of nowhere, and have them constant throughout their life, not something he came to believe or claim. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall), and perhaps point out the few inaccuracies of it, instead. This is disrespectful to the actual events that occurred and to any and all survivors, not to mention those who died. The cinematographic quality? Top notch. It is well done, through excellent production values, a solid arc for the well-told storyline, what characterizes occur is strong and credible, dialogue and script are great, all performance performances are masterful (Carlyle looks and behaves the paper ... as it was written ... perfectly), the music is well composed, cinematography and editing are perfect and creative, and this is definitely dramatic, fun and fascinating. They get dates and many occurrences and do them justice. If I had been offered to work on this, and did not think I could be objective enough to have Hitler as a fully perfected person, I would have refused, citing it as the reason. I do not blame anyone for hating him. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure we should? That's not what I'm suggesting. Finally, let me point out that as I write this, we are in a global economic crisis that lasted about two years, and this is not much different from the stock market crash of 1929. The two reasons that did not led to a depression of the new millennium: Governments are giving money to banks to keep the market going, and most countries are now friendly to each other. Moreover, the lesson had not been learned. I hope you have it now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, non-fiction, dealing with the subject. There are many informative and intelligent. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend this only to those who know best, and urge vehemently who has attended, to seek the truth. 8/10
