In Christian Duguay's film, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, Hitler's early years and politics are shown in a successful manner, with some minor historical errors and some exaggeration. It is very natural for a Hollywood movie to contain things like the main purpose of production is the income they will get from the film. While such mistakes may disappoint some audience members who believe everything must be done by the book, I believe most of them fit well with the rest of the film, making it more interesting. We must not forget that this film is not a documentary. Who cares about your dog's death? Throughout the film, Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure who is easily irritated and very passionate about his ideals. But he was not portrayed as a super-villain, but more like an ambitious politician. I believe this is a good perspective, since the film is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions and this has made the film a bit objective. Yes, he was a little crazy, and his methods were tough, but he was still a human, not a totally insane figure as portrayed in "Inglorious Bastards." I believe this made the film more realistic, even with some inaccuracies in historical facts. <br /> <br /> The flow of the story is well reflected to the viewers. Although the focus of the film has been around Hitler, we also had the chance to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, discussions of people and songs in a Jewish cabaret. Also the reaction of the society was also reflected in the film, but was very limited. Fritz Gerlich's fights and the ironic plays played in the cabaret were fun and interesting, but that was all. Most of the time, we saw only his followers invading the streets and applauding him. <br /> <br /> Another thing missing in the film is information about the origins of his hatred for the Jews. At the beginning of the film, some ideas about this are given, but they were rather superficial. Suddenly he was a politician who is giving lectures on the need for extermination of Jews. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Hitler: The Rise of Evil can not be considered an excellent movie that everyone will like, but it is not unsatisfactory. If you can support the directors who change the story for money, it is an interesting film that reflects Hitler's personality in a successful way.
