The next to last episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy, that proves that the show was still exploring its characters, even at this point of the third season; although flawed, 'All Our Yesterdays' has its moments and, in general, a melancholy and engaging feeling. Kirk, Spock and McCoy arrive on a planet, assuming they are arriving in time to save or at least give some warning to any population there, as the planet's sun must explode in a matter of hours. But, as it turns out, the people there are very aware of the fate of the planet and, using a kind of time travel device, have escaped into the past. Each person was able to choose the time and place in the past, where they would like to live in a 'library', run by an elderly man named Mr Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are also looking for a past to live, and shows them various periods in which they can choose the viewers. There is a lot of confusion forced at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: McCoy - Where did they go? Atoz - Wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding could easily be clarified, but for plotting purposes, it is not, and soon Kirk is transported back to a period similar to the 18th century in England, while Spock and McCoy are sent to an ice age, 5000 years in the past of the planet. From here, the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman exiled at this time by a tyrant as punishment. Spock begins to act more and more emotionally, showing McCoy's anger and deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. He finally realizes that he is returning to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors in Vulcan 5000 years ago. Kirk goes back to the library first and finally convinces Mr. Atoz that they do not belong in the history of the planet. Spock and McCoy return shortly before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; the Enterprise takes the three of them up and accelerates as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirk's adventure in the past "English" is fun. All in all, a very decent afternoon Star Trek outing.
