The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and a highlight of the final season much maligned. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk go to Sarpeidon to find the planet's population completely absent, except for the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz, the librarian. All 3 Trek characters accidentally enter a time travel machine in different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock presents a convincing performance as Ice Age Volcano, who falls in love with Zarabeth, while Kirk reprises his unfortunate experience of time travel - see the 'City on the Edge of Forever' - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before to escape. finding the door back in time for the gift of Sarpeidon. In the end, all 3 Trek characters are saved a few minutes before the star of Beta Niobe around Sarpeidon being supernova. The Enterprise dodges as soon as the star explodes. Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book "Star Trek Memories," this show has been the source of some quarrel since Leonard Nimoy noted that no reason was given. in Lisette's script for the reason Spock was behaving so emotionally. Nimoy conveyed his doubts here directly to the program's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, that the Vulcans should not fall in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger reasoned, the ice age configuration allowed Spock to experience emotions, since this was a time when the Vulcans had not yet evolved into their completely logical state. This was a fine example of Freiberg's improvisation to save a script that was far above average for this particular episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the script for the third season hurt Spock artistically, since his character was forced to bray like a donkey in Plato's "Stepchildren," playing music with the hippies on the "Way of Eden" or sometimes show emotion. here it was more believable. Spock's performance here was excellent, as Freiberger frankly admitted to Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious hole in the plot is the fact that since both Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years in time, McCoy should also have returned to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a forgivable mistake, considering the poor quality of many other Season 3 shows, the brilliant performance of Spock / McCoy and the originality of this script. Who could have imagined that the present inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the destiny of their doomed planet by traveling to their past? This is certainly what we expect from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a genuinely inspired story. Shatner in Memories has named some of his best "unusual and high-quality shows" of Season 3 as The Company Incident, Dove's Day, "There Is in Truth No Beauty, The Tholian Web ". And the children must lead and the paradise syndrome. (p.273) Though my personal opinion is that 'And the children will lead' is a very poor episode while 'There is truth in not beauty' is problematic, 'All Our Yesterdays' certainly belongs to the list of three stars of the first season Trek TOS movies. I give 9 out of 10 for 'All Our Yesterdays'.
