An unusual take on time travel: instead of traveling to Earth's past, the main trio gets stuck in the past history of another planet. They head to this planet whose sun is scheduled to go new in 3 or 4 hours (this is coming close!). In some kind of futuristic library, they know Mr. Atoz (from A to Z, understand? Ha-ha) and their duplicates. It turns out that, instead of escaping from the destruction of their planet through space travel, the usual way, the inhabitants have escaped to the various past ages of the planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on his way after making a selection (check out the discs we see here, another Trek prognostic of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (the Atavachron-que-sis), gallant Kirk hears a woman's cry and rushes to the 17th-century planet version of Earth, where he enters a sword fight and is arrested by witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance here by the actress who plays a woman of disrepute at this time, using phrasing of the time ("... you are a bully as well .. Witch! Witch! They will burn you ..") . Spock and McCoy follow Kirk, but end up in an ice age 5000 years before. <br /> <br /> Kirk gets back to the library first. The real story here is Spock's reversion to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the Vulcan warriors of 5000 years ago. This really does not make sense except that maybe this time machine is responsible for the change (even so, Spock & McCoy were not "prepared" by Atoz - oh, well; it also seems to me that Spock was affected by the transition almost immediately - he mentions be millions of light-years away, instead of the correct hundreds or thousands-a gross mistake for a logical Vulcan.) In any case, Spock really does show his bad side here - forget "Day of the Dove" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy soon discovers that his Vulcan friend will not take any of his usual taunts and almost gets his face rearranged Spock also gets along with Zarabeth, a graceful woman who had been exiled to this cold past as punishment (a couple of Trek novels were written about Spock's son, the result of that marriage). All these scenes are revealing, a reminder of how much Spock hides or holds. It's also ironic that, just a few episodes before ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy was pointing to Spock as he would never know love-and now it all happens. Kirk, in turn, fights with the elderly Atoz, who insists Kirk return to a bygone age ("You're evidently a suicide maniac" - great thing about actor Wolfe, last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). Everything works out in the end, but, as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very closely. A small adventure of Trek, with a defined cosmic inclination.
