Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with ideas for and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories, so of course would that be the best anthology of all time? Unfortunately wrong. Some episodes are simply fantastic, but often it was a mixed bag. In fact, this may have been his downfall, it is very mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horror, and one was even excited, which made this a similar but not so good version of the Twilight Zone's 1980s (which was also there). <br /> <br /> I usually like to have a mix of stories in an anthology show, but they just did not quite work out here. Some of the most dramatic dramatic episodes appeared to be best seen late at night on the Lifetime network, such as Spielberg's "Ghost Train" episode. In that episode he gave the message of hope, and gave us a fantasy story, but overall it was just a montage to the end, which did not surprise me in any way. The horror episodes tended to work better than the drama, but there were far more dramatic episodes, and they get tired of watching. Acting wisely, this anthology got some great stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker Yankovich and many other acquaintances are in episodes of the series. It's fun to see actors known in almost every episode of the series. Big directors also participated in episodes including Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. In fact, I would recommend this more to the fans of the directors and / or the 80's than anyone else. Amazing Stories was sometimes amazing, usually good, occasionally mediocre, and every now and then a real smell of shit came out. But, this show has nostalgic value for me, and it's kind of fun to sit in boring afternoons and watch a few episodes. The theme song by John Williams for the show is sure to get caught in the head of anyone who watches it too. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. per episode. TVPG
