Honestly, I was hoping I hate this, and I really just checked out because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say that I have a kick of MALDADE. A group of young university students and their teacher take a "field trip" to Ireland. Their lodgings are located near the forest, where there are rumors that strange things happen and the tourists usually disappear without leaving traces. The group of post-teens is alerted by the custodian of the property not to venture into the forest - but being the stupid characters in the B movie they are - of course they do not pay attention and pay for the mistake one by one ... First place, there is much wrong with the evil race. The acting / dialogue is very weak, and my biggest complaint is that a movie that has Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have more free nudity free of what was on display here - and Jenna's role in that production is grossly super-hyped, since it has a combined total of about 2 minutes of screen time. Still less so with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Also the last scene of the movie makes absolutely no sense and seems to be released just to finish the movie. These side complaints - there are some good things too. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both dispatched from the start, with Greico's naked torso ending up on a roasted spit and Chasey's guts coming out of being ripped in half (though how it ends up not being shown on the screen) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other murder scenes are quite inventive, including forced removal of Jenna's breast prosthesis, a guy getting his colon out through his ass, a knife in the face, and a few other notable ones. The implant and colon scenes also have uncut versions that are in the special features and it's a shame that the producers have cut them, so to speak. Also the movie moves in a very good clip once it moves so you really do not have much time to get bored. The "creature" FX is also made with competence, which definitely helps. Overall, the evil race was not as bad as I'd expected. This, along with SATAN's LITTLE HELPER, almost renewed my interest in low-cost movies for American films. I usually avoid them as a whole, but these two have been decent enough to give me some faith. RACE OF EVIL is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - it might not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon while you're there - I know it was, and I'm sure it did not hurt at all. the experience. 7.5 / 10
