If you were a director who was trying to cast female victims for a horror movie, then surely it would make sense to add some porn stars? It's not as if they were inexperienced in front of the camera, they have no scruples with the nudity needed and how many unattractive porn queens can you name? Christian Viel obviously recognized the potential of mixing hardcore actresses with hard effects and so he released four of the sexiest and notorious adult movie stars. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes appear in appearances in the most intriguing horror film to be released since Scream reinvigorated the genre. <br /> <br /> Samhain was originally planned for a movie release in October 2002 - thus keeping in check with the Halloween-based synopsis. Unfortunately, filming was plagued by numerous problems that prevented the appeal from reaching the exposure it deserved. The last time I heard that it had been signed by Film 2000 here in the UK and was written for a release in late October straight to the DVD. Unfortunately, this label has an incomprehensibly abysmal record with DTV slashers. Not content to pollute our shelves with Camp Blood and its accompaniment, they were also responsible for freeing Granny, Bleed, and the rancid paranoid. Could Samhain finally be a worthwhile ammunition for his despicable catalog cannon? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teacher go to southern Ireland as part of their history course. Upon arrival, they are told the legend of a cannibal clan that roamed the hills of Scotland and murdered the locals in search of food. The cannibals were eventually captured and burned at the stake, but rumor has it that a member of the tribe escaped and went to the forest of Ireland to find refuge. After the kids settled in and started doing what all the massacre-fodder makes in these films, the two shoes (and the definitive heroin candidate) begin to be haunted by a shadow crawling late into the night. Is the meat-hungry maniac still on the loose in the Forest? Well, what do you think ?? <br /> <br /> It seems that Samhain's production has been damaged from the start. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop Jenna Jameson's bare makeup, and Chasey Lain began acting characteristically as a drugged primadonna. Finally, to add insult to injury, the producers got cold feet just before the movie was about to reach the shelves and began talking about the reprint and the removal of all blood. The reports said they were dissatisfied with the copious amounts of violence and wanted to reduce the scenes to a R-rated rating, of course, disagreeing, seeing how their entire synopsis was boosted by their creative graphic display. Eventually, after months of discussions, the director shared the company with the productions of the Warehouse and the resource was again locked in the coffers. <br /> <br /> Despite numerous interruptions, Veil's opus slash is still one of the best pieces of genre to be released. since the new millennium. The copy that was sent to me was the pre-release, which was obviously a press test with no sound effects or the complete soundtrack. But he still boasted of some credible leaps of fright, some superb filmmaking, and some of the darkest plays I've seen for some time. A guy is gutted through his rectum before being strangled with his own gut, Jenna Jameson is naked and gutted closely and Chasey Lain ends up "spilling her gut" after a rescue attempt from her boyfriend (Richard Grieco). Even though the murders are unusually macabre, Samhain never feels moody, which is basically because the characters are portrayed as basic slasher cliches. In all honesty, the script was perhaps the biggest failure of the cinema, because the dialogue was not much inspired by the films of Scream, of Wes Craven, as it was blatantly cut and pasted of them. <br /> <br /> Certainly the inclusion of the mouth-watering Jenna Jameson was a great move by the producers. Her fans will be thrilled to know that she whips the top (as expected) and so does Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft pornographic film, and it benefits from the structure it sets out to produce. It is worth noting that the above mentioned XXX stars almost outweigh the alleged 'actors' of the resource, which is not very complementary. Ginger Lynn was at least remarkable (if you ignore Oirish's shameful accent), and his battle with the great killer was superbly executed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna had bad drama, which could have been caused by the many problems on the set. Veil's direction of cinematography has been excellently built and it provides some much-needed suspense injections. Exciting and crisp photography is mixed with a good storytelling talent and the end result is a slasher extravaganza to satisfy even the most critical dogs. <br /> <br /> It will be interesting to see what kind of final cut will be released. of Samhain. Rumor has it that a second director was cast to film a different ending, and I'm curious to know how much of the explicit content will remain intact for worldwide distribution. If the end result is only half the impression I've seen, then it's still better than almost all the pieces of the genre that have been released in the last ten years. This is certainly worth checking ??
