Hong Kong directors who flock to Hollywood to make movies are nothing new, with the temporary exodus from names like Tsui Hark, John Woo and Ringo Lam in the 1990s. From their collective output, only a few films (or can I just say one? ) Caused impact at the box office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak has been a tour de force in HK's recent cinematic history, especially with the now-famous Infernal Affairs trilogy that was made into Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's no surprise when Hollywood knocks on the door . /> <br /> But without collaborator Mak, who usually has script / history tasks, how did Lau get away with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X-Files without the X, the way the story is crafted, the characters and parallels drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes team up with David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, but they do not belong to any federal investigative agency that carries weapons, but they are employees of Protective Services whose primary role is to ensure that sexual predators within their jurisdiction, are kept safe from society when they are released from the time of service. That is why it is the shepherds who care for their flock, only that their flock suffers from unhealthy sexual perversion with the propensity to violence. <br /> <br /> The parallels in characterization are so flagrantly obvious, that it is just a cosmetic touch. the outside. Like Fox Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a strange and lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to stubbornly pursue his herd to carry the line. Sick for a failed attempt to rescue a missing child, just as Mulder longs for his missing sister, Babbage is avoided by colleagues and receives marching orders disguised as a retirement plan. He is deeply distressed by the people he is monitoring, disgusted by his crimes and what they stand for, that he has no scruples about using unorthodox methods unless he gets out of control while he distributes illegal and preventative punishment. At the same time he also has strong desires that he has to fight against in order not to cross the line to become like those he hates. As part of the routine, he also examines newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads to his goal, that of seeking closure, salvation for himself and possessing a strong belief that the truth is still out there, and he wants to believe . Danis' Allison Lowry, on the other hand, is the ingenue brought in to replace Babbage. But meanwhile, as she learns things at work for the next 18 days, she is forced to spy on him and report her maneuvers, much like what Dana Scully was commissioned to do with Fox Mulder. As the disbelieving precariousness and retaining the notion that those who have been returned to society have been cured of their temptations, she slowly begins to see what Babbage sees, and understands that it takes much more than just being a secretary and administrative work, if she really wants to help people. <br /> <br /> And it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, which we open all eyes to, much like 8mm, starring Nicolas Cage brought snuff films to the limelight. It's a decent investigative drama with the usual red headlines, and mine, they're really good, since it made you think often if your assumptions are correct, and then you see yourself firing off the hip when it's proven wrong at an alarming rate, though I do not believe this is a tight narrative, but rather the increasing number of characters (watch out for Avril Lavigne's appearance) and subplots. The scene in the dark shop was similar to Se7en's David Mills and William Somerset when they invaded John Doe's apartment and found a lot of strangeness inside, although here, given the nature of the subject, do not delay too long. The Flock apparently decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite his odd style of styling, using almost every trick in the book to try to recreate feelings of seeing another Se7en, only that it was deep in shades of brown, rather than the doom and melancholy of black. It takes a while to get used to it, and I put that effect as one that really distracts what's going on in the story. But it's not a good move, with replays of scenes involving flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But The Flock still does decent entertainment, though the X-philes probably find it difficult not to imagine their favorite actors playing the main roles given so many similarities in character. Gere and Danes put some chemistry as the old fogy (heh) and his protege, and although not exactly great, Andrew Lau managed to remove something nice.
