I really like Richard Gere ... I've always liked it and it seems lately his status as a Hollywood star and money maker has fallen, but it seems to me that the reason is that he is taking on very mature and intense roles and has gone very well I've seen it on some great jewels like lately including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both must see movies! see my reviews) and now this The Flock which apparently was made to be a great release considering that it is a substantial budget of 35 million +. It seems like some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very tough because I thought the movie dealt with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and Gere just brings it all home. It's an action drama and suspense that kept me glued to the television with its story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with this is that Hollywood is a very serious subject, but I do not think it happens to disrespect, but it tries to take a different turn to make people aware that it exists. In fact, it's the same way The Hunting Party dealt with the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job, but I think the cast was what made him watchable. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker. Erroll Babbage who kind of created his own style and laws when it comes to keeping track of his "Flock" who are registered sex offenders. He takes no punches in tracking down these people, following them and making sure they do not relapse, and if they do, he will be the one to identify and stop them the way he can. Gere is so intense and seems drained from this work and he becomes violent and angry at seeing these loose monsters on the street. He's simply fantastic. Claire Danes is also amazing as the new partner of Babbage and his replacement, that he has to train to do his job. The character of Danes is much more typical of social worker and gets a bit surprised by the style and methods of Babbage, but gradually realizes what he is trying to accomplish and face. The two are brilliant together and have a fantastic chemistry with so different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered assailant who seems to have been ripped from the headlines while playing a character very much like Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife who is now out) for those of you following the Canadian serial killers. Her character goes a little further, but she is convincing and horrible at once. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend and he probably would have been better given a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is a great actor (check him out in Dead End as well as the incredible turnaround as Satan himself in WB shows Reaper) and he gets a small but good role as head of the Department of Public Safety and chief of Babbage. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect, despite the great performances of the main cast. It takes liberties really trying to make the movie more fun than educational, but it's just a different angle, different from Nicholas Cage, 8MM. Flock takes you into the underworld of the sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more, and it's really something to watch. It may not have been directed or written as well as it could have been, but I'm saying that Danes and Gere together make this film completely watchable and a great suspense. It is disturbing but also something that is not very complex and yet Gere's character is intensely complex in many layers and also opens up the social stigma and makes you think of vigilantism in many ways when you see people with whom you deal with. I encourage you to ignore the bad reviews and see for yourself, because it is worth checking !! 8.5 / 10
