I looked for this movie because I'm a new Frain fan and wanted to see more of his work. First of all, your Irish accent is great. He has a keen ear for dialects, it seems. His performance was wonderful as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the film was very well done. It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as the mess it really is. Both sides are guilty of grave injustices, and men drawn to conflict usually have very little to say about their circumstances. <br /> <br /> In addition, it is interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) who is supposedly fighting for his country is actually doing just this. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does "this", Ginger can not come up with a morally acceptable answer. Because? Because Ginger is not in this for the noble cause of protecting her country or the rights of her fellow Protestants ... Ginger is in it for the fun of killing. He is full of blood lust and is the perfect job for a guy like him. In a fight like this there are guys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... guys who see all the fights only generate more fights. There are guys like Kenny who are born leaders full of charisma, and add fuel to the flames, on the contrary, they want it or not. In addition, Kenny genuinely believes in the "cause." He believes that what he's doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit strange because his character seems too clever for all of this. But, like many other seemingly intelligent men, he is sucked into a gang lifestyle, not even realizing it ... until it's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psychopath who is not fighting for any other reason, but out of pure emotion, which in a gangland-like war makes him a valuable asset, some might argue. However, now in this movie, Ginger has lasted its worth, and has become a very dangerous loose cannon. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to a boiling point, and, predictably, the end is tragic. What makes this movie worthy is that it shows both sides of this ancient conflict. Being American, I can not fully understand what every struggle is. But, I know there has to be a better way. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very hectic, moving film ... but disturbing.
