"What is love, what is this longing in our hearts of union, Is not it the sweetest flower?" "Is not this flower of love the scented scent of fine, fine diamonds?" "The wind does not love dirt? Unlike the improbable It's not improbable You're with someone tonight Do not question your love Take your lover by the hand Release the power within yourself You heard me, release the power Master the wild cosmos with a whisper Conquer the sky with a caress Leon Pelps "When Tim Meadows created his quintessential SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I cringed. Listening to his lascivious and lewd comments made my remote shake of indignation. I used the click feature more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> When the film version of "The Ladies Man" came by cable, I mumbled some of my comments and clicked it again. But the day comes, gray and helpless, when "nothing is connected" in any of the more than 100 channels ... sigh. Yes ?? Was I in front of all the cable TV subscribers? watch or turn off my TV! There he was, Leon Phelps, smiling and ... making me laugh! What had happened? Had I succumbed to Hollywood's "best-down" mood? Was I so desperate to avoid giving up my sacred throne? The truth is, I like "The Ladies Man" more than I should. A story about a vulgar playboy drinking brandy while staring maliciously at all forms of women goes against my feminist sensibilities. What began as a schematic piece of the SNL blossomed before my eyes in a tale about Leon and his playboy philosophy. through life "helping people" to resolve their sexual conflicts. "I am Mother Teresa of Boning," he solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and producer of his radio show, "The Ladies Man." And he is not kidding. Leaving a series of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to sleep and to have breakfast in Chicago. That he does so with genuine goodwill is his lifelong business card. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Expert on the Paths of Love" manages to get into many problems with husbands and boyfriends. One such evil husband, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms a club of "Victims of the Smiling Ass, USA", promising to take our lovely Don Juan. "Oh yeah, we'll have our revenge," he sings to his mates, in a number of show stop dancing. <br /> <br /> In addition, it is a total treat to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of the tavern. and mild narrator of Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a pile of money. (Where was he hiding?) But would I choose this movie as my choice of Valentine's Day? Leon's quest for easy life changes him in so many profound ways - that I had to give a nod to our "Ladies Man". That he can, at the end of the movie, find true happiness with a woman, while still offering his strange advice, is the stuff of dreams!
