Sometimes they get lucky and have a hit in their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But most of the time they have failures (Pat's remember very quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between a hit and a failure. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but then, as usually happens with the SNL skits, it starts to slow down, before finally ending, long after it should have. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a nightly show called The Ladies Man. He answers any and all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the most crude way possible. Everything seems finally to get to the butt. After pressing the station manager's buttons, Leon, along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons), is fired and needs to find another job. Out of the random blue, comes a letter from one of your ex-ladies. The letter offers you wealth and luxury for the rest of your life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon needs to find all the women he's been with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a lot of guys who wives / girlfriends slept with Leon, and they want to first find out who he is (for a tattoo he has on a part of his anatomy), and then kill him. Leading this bunch of guys is, surprise! Will Ferrell of SNL. Firstly, I thought the sub-plot was pretty lame. The singing and dancing things were completely useless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but here he never clicked on me. And the rest of the guys were just idiots who accompanied them, and in the end, everyone decided that having their wives / girlfriends plotting them was, in fact, their fault. Then back to the main story. The story basically revolves around Leon and sex. So what happens is that if you do not like the character Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his mannerisms, his dialogue is what carries the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor in SNL. The only thing I really liked about him was his ladies' sketch. But the best thing about it is that they usually involved the guest host (remember that with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were very funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's very funny. What I found good about the character in the movie is that he remained in character all over. He never wavered from his willingness to just put the person on. To the end, where there was this transformation, and the ever present discourse to tie things up. Other than that, he was very good at keeping Leon as Leon, not turning him into something less rude than him. There is not much substance for this movie if you could not guess. But as I said earlier, the beginning of the movie I found very funny. Some real laugh aloud moments, all revolving around sex and its crudity. The problem, of course, with this movie, and most other SNL-derived effects, is that these are characters that should only be shown for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously because they needed the sub-plot, because without it, this movie would have been just under an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it got to be annoying. <br /> <br /> So, overall, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but not as good as the others. He had some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were very good, but the rest crawled. There was an unnecessary sub-plot whose sole purpose was to prolong the film. The result is that if you like Tim Meadows and your character Leon Phelps, you can watch the movie. If he bothers you, do not even bother. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some pretty revealing outfit. <br /> <br />
