As superficial as it may sound, I actually postponed my screening of "The Barbarians" several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the image shown here on the site) looks so incredibly gay! So far I wish I had seen it earlier because the movie is not very gay? just trashy, cheese, overdone and extremely fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of the "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was the man responsible for this comical change in Sword & Sandal's popular contemporary fantasy films, particularly Conan de Schwarzenegger's films. The film begins with a fantastic off-screen narrator, introducing us to the Ragneks. Its founder once traded an entire mountain of pure gold for only a magically powerful ruby ​​that would allow them to travel in freedom and access all countries as artists. In other words, the Ragneks are a bunch of crazy traveling circus! His happiness comes to an abrupt end when the greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful Queen Canaries of Ragneks and tries continually to discover the whereabouts of the ruby. Meanwhile, and as a kind of waste of time, the two twin orphaned brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors and are willing to fight each other to the death. Instead, however, they escape and develop a plan to free their queen. In fact, the plot is not as bad as I initially feared, but still the funniest fun is provided by drunken brother chemistry, madly ineffective dialogues and, of course, fanciful monsters like a dragon with adorably cute eyes, some kind of werewolf creature and zombies that appear randomly to get out of the swamp. The soundtrack and makeup effects are great and our all-powerful Deodato director keeps a terribly fast pace. Brother Barbarian's acting skills are far better than I anticipated, except that one of them constantly produces grave belching sounds. The support cast is splendid as well. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful like the witty wild girl. Cara, Virginia Bryant is truly fascinating as Richard Lynch claims on several occasions and the lovely Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance in the cinema as a vicious sorceress with a shaped hair style of donut. (I'm not kidding with you!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" starred Michael Berryman, the favorite of all Eyes in the Hills, as the aptly named Dirtmaster. I know the displayed image looks more lively than a promotional campaign for the musical version on the rise and fall of Village People, but "The Barbarians" is truly a must-see Italian exploration highlight.
