LE GRAND VOYAGE is a delicate miracle of a film, a deeper work due to the underrated script of writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, which allows the natural setting of this road trip story and the sophisticated performance of the stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd to emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly enhanced by the cinematography of Katell Djian (a sensitive mix of visions of travel horizons and well-photographed duets between characters) and by the musical score of Fowzi Guerdjou who manages to keep beautiful subjects throughout the film as he honors the film. many local musical variations from the numerous countries the film surveys. Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a Western girlfriend who seems not to be following the religious direction of his inheritance. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that the time has come to do his Hadj in Mecca, and being unable to drive, asks the reluctant Reda to abandon his personal needs to bring him to his ultimate religious obligation. The two left in a fragile car to travel through France, Italy and Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Throughout the trip, Reda begs his father to visit some of the most interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the trip and Reda is angry to fight the demands of his father. In their pilgrimage they encounter an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who binds herself to the two men and should eventually be abandoned by Reda, a Turk Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to guide the father / son pair, but instead makes a schism leaving Reda drunk in a bar and disappearing, and countless border patrol guards and custom agents who delay his progress for several reasons. Tensions between father and son mount: Reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so full of trials and setbacks, and the father can not understand Reda's insensitivity to his father's religious beliefs and needs. They finally arrive in Mecca, where they are surrounded by thousands of pilgrims from all over the world and the feeling that the journey is significant to Reda. The way the story comes to an end is touching and rich in meaning. It took a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, and between the challenge and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - even more so because it seems the camera just "happens" to capture the beauty of many stopping points along the way without the need to sharpen them. with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is an excellent actor (be sure to check out his latest and current movie 'The Grocery Store') and it is his carefully nuanced role that brings the magic to this movie. Another great film from The Film Movement, this is a delicate story told. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
