If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you might point out that the opening where an RAF Lancaster bomber is mortally wounded on May 2, 1945 is unlikely, since the German air defenses were as alive as Adolph Hitler that day, but this is not true. a movie that should be seen by a cynical audience and I think a character being literally killed in the last hours of the war increases pungency. In fact, you would have had to survive the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell's and Pressburger's masterpiece. Are sky scenes painfully twee when viewed today? Once again you have to see the movie from the context when it was done. The command of the RAF bomber lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost in Nam, but for a shorter period and a much smaller group of active combatants, there are no atheists in a foxhole and I doubt that you had lost a relative during the conflict you would see material atheism as being a sensible thing. When the young pilot of Richar Attenborough looks with admiration at the sight below him, many war heroes must have wept openly in this scene as they remember many lost comrades who did not survive the war. Also keep in mind that despite losing several million people from 1939-45, there seem to be very few people from Germany going through the pearl gates. it is obvious that the Nazis do not go to heaven. <br /> <br /> The plot itself, where the young pilot Peter Carter defending his life in front of a heavenly court, would not have much appeal to me if it were not for the subtext, you see MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British empire when it is replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show the film as being made by people aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of America, even today many Britons think that the US is overwhelmingly composed of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants when in fact only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans." The film rightly contains a scene in which several races confess "I am American," as Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglopho who was the first revolutionary assassinated by British forces in The American War of Independence. As for the "special relationship" between Great Britain and America - What special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know their future as well <br /> <br /> So, remember to watch this movie with a little of your mind in the past and a little of your mind in the present. It's strange, beautiful, poignant and clever, but most of all it's a movie that would never work if it had been made in the last 40 years. Can you imagine if the story was set in 2003 and revolved around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
