After "A Dirty Shame," I never thought I'd see another John Waters movie. This movie was really so bad, I was convinced that all his movies would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said that this was a great movie, I decided to try it anyway. Only a few days later, it was shown on television. I recorded this out of curiosity and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is certainly much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this film we see how a young "nobody" of Baltimore becomes an instant sensation in the art world of New York. He is an employee of a diner who photographs his weird family or things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his first 'show' at the store where he works, his photos are noticed by a gallery owner who loves the photos full of misery and strangeness. His photographs are sold at huge prices, but when he sees how his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides he will not go to New York anymore, they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him. . And they do, but what they can see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie much more than "A Dirty Shame" . The first reason is that this movie has a real story. This movie really has something to say and is not meant to just shock as many people as possible. The fact that they scoff at the art world that considers everything out of the ordinary as art because they do not know how reality is, is not only funny, it is not that far from the truth either. I think there are many people who feel about modern art like that. No one understands why they're making such a fuss about it, but apparently we should all like it. The second reason I liked this movie is because it has had much better acting performances to offer. I'm not saying that everything you'll see is great, but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> Overall, it's not a great movie, but thanks to your reviews and some good jokes - they never go very far - this is a nice movie. Certainly not the best comedy of all time, but I liked it a lot more than "Dirty Shame". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
