The great talents of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressberger are remarkable in their wonderful "A Matter of Life and Death". It was part of the recent tribute to Mr. Powell who played at Walter Reade in New York. This particular film shows us one of the best British films, or any other time. "A Matter of Life and Death" has a brilliant cinematography by Jack Cardiff, a man who knew how to do wonders with a camera. Particularly striking is the contrast between the monochromatic tones given to the scenes played in the sky and the colored ones when the action returns to earth. That was a big blow and well ahead of their times. The black and white sequence that surrounds the long stairway where Peter and Maestro are talking has to be one of the most incredible things in any movie. Much has been said in this forum about the movie, so our review will be about the great acting Powell and Pressberger came out of the great and distinguished cast, who responded magnificently to the guidance of the directors. <br /> <br /> David Niven, is Peter, whose plane is hit and his best friend dies as a result. This film marked one of the highlights in Mr. Niven's career. He was an excellent movie actor, as he shows us in this movie. Kim Hunter is surprisingly good as June, the woman who talked to Peter when his plane was falling from the skies. As fate would have, Peter and June fall in love at first sight. <br /> <br /> Some of the best British film actors embody this film with their presence. Robert Coote, it's Bob, the man who's admitted to heaven, but it's surprising that his friend Peter never made the trip with him. An excellent star by Marius Goring, who as Conductor 71 steals the film. Mr. Goring, who worked with the directors, is one of the best things in the movie. In addition, Roger Livesey, as Dr. Frank Reeves, makes one of the best appearances of his career, as well as Raymond Massey, who is seen as Abraham Farlan. <br /> <br /> "A Matter of Life and Death" is a timeless film that will always be viewed with gratitude to its creators.
