Before this little black and white, the delicate subject of criminal rape never reached the American screen. There were many of these topics that Hollywood and the Production Code kept hidden until the sixties rebels. So it is not surprising that a small independent company like Ida Lupino's Filmmakers is needed to raise the issue. The result is well-intentioned, but a bit compromised, which is not surprising, since director Lupino had to work with Code's demands for the film to be released. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, Ann Walton's main problem after the robbery is not how others can see it, but how it looks. And it's a heavy load she's carrying. Can she relate to men again? They will look at it as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? No wonder she runs away instead of coping with these anxieties at home and at work, even if family and friends usually support. Overall, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is animated to inject some action into the plot, but then this is a movie - notice how the inexperienced neighbor can not respond to horn honking near the end of the chase. If Powers had been alarmed instead, the lack of response from the neighbor would have raised an interesting but complicated question. <br /> <br /> The second semester is practically delivered to the Production Code in the sentimental person of Rev. Ferguson (Tod Andrews) It is he (to quote a phrase) that "gives him the courage to face life again." There is some effort in humanizing it - it is Ann or his dilemma that he is most interested. Still, his gentle and understanding presence seems a bit miraculous and a little too much for Hollywood. Fortunately, the ending avoids the usual Hollywood escape, emphasizing only the hope of a happy resolution to Ann, instead of its certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a ton of credit for dealing with the topic first. Given the overall results, I hope she has dealt as honestly with the subject as she was allowed. I also hope today's audience will find the treatment slightly interesting mainly because of Powers' outstanding performance that brings purely human drama. However, the film works better now as a document of its time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought was appropriate for adult viewing.
