Having just watched this movie from a VH-1 show in 1998, I just had to comment. <br /> <br /> The first time I saw this movie on TV, it was in 1981, and I remember recording it from my mother's betamax. It ended up recording in black and white for some reason, which gave her a vintage look that I started to like. <br /> <br /> I remember very distinctly from the movie that started with the song "My Bonnie" as the movie. camera panned over a scene from Liverpool. I also remember the opening scene where Paul gestures to some girls and says, "Look, talent!" So it was with great irritation that I shot my recorded version of 1998 and "remembered" that the film begins with "She Loves You" instead of "My Bonnie". When you see the camera's slowness against the speed of music, you can see that "She Loves You" simply does not fit. In addition, in this "later" version, when Paul sees the girls, he says, "Look, GIRLS!" .. and somehow, remembering the previous version, that word just did not seem to fit together either. Why they felt they had to Americanize this movie to the American public is beyond me. Personally, if I'm going to watch a movie about a British band, I want all British colloquialisms and such that would be a part of their speech, mannerisms, etc. <br /> <br /> Another irritation was how "hectic" the issue went to television. Soon after Stu is beaten, for example, the movie cuts to a commercial break. Yes, I know it depends on the network, but it really spoils the effect of a movie having it split, as we all know. What some people may find insignificant in terms of dialogue (and therefore, okay to edit) may actually be the way to explain a certain action or scene that follows. My point is, the "best" The version of this movie was probably the previous version I recorded since 1981, which eventually included the "Shake, Rattle & Roll" scene that my 1998 version did not have. I started to assume that there had to be two different versions made for television, and a look at the link "alternate versions" in relation to this movie proved that I was right. That the American version has some scenes and / or shorter / different dialogues / is a big disappointment for me and something worth mentioning if anyone cares about these things. Imo, the best bet is to try to get the European version of the film, if possible, and (probably even less possible) an unedited version. Unfortunately, I had to discard my old European betamax version because I did not know how to convert it. <br /> <br /> All this aside, I found this film to be one of the best films about the story behind the "birth of the Beatles." Being aware that artistic and creative license is often used in movies and TV shows while portraying events in history, I did not let any discrepancy ruin my enjoyment of the film. Of course, you see the Beatles singing songs in the Cavern that made me think, "They even wrote that at the time? I do not think so," but nevertheless I thought it was a great movie and the wonderful performances. , in fact, was the actor who played John, Stephen MacKenna. I almost fell in love with him. His gaze, mannerisms, personality, and spoken voice seemed to be perfect. He looked enough with a young John to take a look at the end of the movie when you see the Beatles performing on Ed Sullivan for the first time. I actually found myself wondering whether or not it was a real footage of the Beatles, until I saw the other actors in the scene. <br /> <br /> If you are looking for a dead story and need the Beatles 'life and beginning, you can not get better than The Beatles' Anthles, as it was "written" by the boys themselves. However, if you are looking for a fun snapshot of your pre-Beatlemania days prior to your arrival in America and you leave your anal reviews critical at the door, you can not go wrong with the "Birth of the Beatles" - a-MUST for any fan "real" or casual Beatle.
