I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this was his favorite movie, and it's mine too. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple and superbly crafted story - the power of love against "powers." However, his mistake lies in the complexity of his premise "it is real or imaginary." Basically, it can be argued that it is simply a representation of the effects of war on a poetic young aviator during World War II. Or is it? The question is never answered one way or the other. In fact, it is never asked. This continuous euphemism is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography include even some nice touches that depict the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young Viennese aristocrat of the eighteenth century. This is evident in the brief interlude in which Maestro 71, clad in all his robes, holds the rose (which appears silvery in the sky). The music has a dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> The whole performance is top notch - David Niven is the most charming of him, and he has great support from veteran Roger Livesey and newcomer Kim Hunter. But in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as Maestro 71. He by far has the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent lightness, illuminating the film. It's a shame that some of the 71 Conductor scenes have been left on the cutting room floor. It's also a pity that Goring's comedic talents are rarely seen again in the movies, except for the wonderful videos from the 1950s television series The Scarlet Pimpernel. This is by far the most memorable role of his film career. It's a perfect contrast to Niven's laid-back style, and his virtual exaggeration contrasts so well with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. Ironically, also in the mid-1940s, Niven also starred opposite another celestial "messenger", played by Cary Grant, in The Bishop's Wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the result boring, without energetic and disappointing. As a note, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially refusing Maestro 71. It's a good thing he gave and gave us such a lovely picture. <br /> <br /> The film, "commissioned" To smooth the strained relations between Britain and the US, it surpasses its point in the end. But it is disarming in his gentle reminders of the horrors of war - the numerous casualties, military and civil, the need to "continue" before death. There is a clear lack of "enemies" of World War II in the sky, but the civilians shown are of undetermined origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their representation, but it was not necessary. The film may not have served its diplomatic purpose as expected, but its originality continues to inspire filmmakers and viewers from both sides of the Atlantic.
