Some unsuspecting movies carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after viewing. This is the case of the CAROL JOURNEY, a beautiful 2002 Spanish film based on the novel 'A boca de noche' by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book as a script. War and its consequences are not a new subject for movies, but when this war theme touches the bottom as a subtle motive force to develop characters (especially children) who must face the adult life influenced by adult games, the result is a different one Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Hispanic-American girl who, with her critically ill mother, Aurora (María Barranco), returns with a closer examination of the upcoming film genre. Carol (Clara Lago) had her Aurora home in 1938, at the height of the Spanish Civil War, a house abandoned by her father Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) since the death of his wife. Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who has allied himself with the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso married Aurora's sister, Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains indifferent to everyone except her grandfather Don Amalio, until she meets other people her own age, but not her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two friends resent Carol, but as events develop Carol and Tomiche is bound by what seems to be the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and her daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but turns to the grandfather for support and to the best friend and teacher of his mother Maruja (the always radiant Rosa Maria Sardá) to understand disparity between the classes and the senseless war that keeps his beloved father on her side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn the rigors of becoming adults, experiencing more trauma in a brief period of war than most of us experience in a lifetime. The ending, though sad, is edifying, since Carol's journey to maturity is complete. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extraordinarily beautiful settings captured by soft lighting by videographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and reinforced by the musical score of Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line separating pathos from the batho, and by electing to focus the story on the children involved, he makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly the young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by the excellent veteran actors in the adult roles. This is visually stunning work with a lasting message and should find a much larger audience than the current date. Grady Harp
