The opening flourished and left me purring with joy at his inventiveness - the altered version of the Archers logo, the introductory notice, the way the camera moves over the cosmos. It's strange to think that 'It's a Wonderful Life' came out the same year. No big coincidence: the 1940s were filled with films from heaven and earth; but the glistening cotton wool nebulae and competition angels look ragged, something more silently ignored when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> <br /> It continues to look great, as more and more striking ideas emerge about us. I'm not a big fan of mixing colors with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a mere change of palette. Both color and black and white photography could stand on their own. <br /> <br /> As for the story ... this may be Pressburger's best script, or at least it would have been the most logical outcome of previous events. Other than that, it's tight, but with more things going on than I can allude here. Was the celestial thing real or imaginary? (Or both?) Maybe Carter has dreamed of a fantasy that, as it happened, is true.) Everyone says we should not ask or answer that question, but I do not see why. I'm sure we're meant to ask the question. The film even gives clues as to what the answer is - in fact, the problem is that there are many clues and they seem, at first, to point in different directions. The fact that other things should also get our attention does not mean that this should not occupy us either. There is, as I said before, much going on. Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Heaven's prosecuting attorney) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket game, and says with contempt: voice of England, 1945. 'Dr. Reeves defense) recognizes the exposure with great embarrassment, and then produces one of his own: a blues music from America, which Farlan listens to as if he has a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks proud. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I do not see why it's snobbish to condemn blues music - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger are doing, anyway. While the music is being played, we have a picture of American soldiers listening: several of them nod their heads, perfectly at home. They do not find it incomprehensible. There's something of value in music, and neither Reeves nor Farlan know what it is. Reeves probably realizes the same. All English audiences (and also all Australian, Indian audiences, etc.) know without knowing that there is something of value in the transmission of cricket as well; and that while Reeves understands this, he is unable to explain it to Farlan - hence the blues broadcast, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing an understanding of everything else. It's a smart scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a little cold, without the charisma he would acquire later in his career; but even so, I do not think a movie has grabbed my heart so quickly after the action started, as it did.
