Set in 2017 (although one can easily confuse him in 1987, judging by his hairstyles and outfits), The Running Man sees the good and talented Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar) framed for a crime he did not commit. After a daring break-up in prison, he is captured and entered as a competitor on the brutal TV show The Running Man, along with a few fugitives and the beautiful and ambitious woman Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso) Used by totalitarian rule as a means of controlling the masses, the show puts the convicts against a range of colorful (and often quite camped) opponents, each with their own style of killing: the dynamo fires electricity from a special outfit, Buzzsaw uses Sub Zero chainsaws have an ice hockey stick with a sharp blade, and the Fireball prefers a flamethrower to do away with the contenders. But these killers are no match for Ben Richards, who dispatches each of them in a proper and gruesome way (followed by compulsory spirit). <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters in a battle against the authorities, and avenge himself on the hostile Killian program. <br /> <br /> Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar ruled the universe of the action movie and, for his legion of fans, he could do not wrong. Austrian meatloaf had a blockbuster formula that almost guaranteed blockbuster success for their films: violence in the comic books plus plotlines without logic, plus a very feminine partner, plus witty headlines, minus the ability to make huge profits. The Running Man faithfully followed this blockbuster recipe for a tee and Arnie's (mostly teenage) audience went for a spin (myself included). <br /> <br /> Now, two decades later, and having just watched the movie again for the first time in years, I find a strange movie: a totally devoid of technical merit, decent acting and convincing effects, but somehow totally fun. Directed by Paul Michael Glaser (better known as Det. Dave Starsky of the 1970s police program, Starsky and Hutch), and adapted from a Stephen King tale (written under the name of plume, Richard Bachman), The Running Man is coarse 80s tat that looks incredibly cheap and very old fashioned, but despite (or maybe because of) the lack of movie quality, it has a special charm that is hard to describe. <br /> <br /> With no attempt to create a near realistic -Future setting, the film offers many unintentional laughs. Check out the scene in which Ben discovers Amber's secret cache of cassette tapes (!); marvel at the 'futuristic' graphics used in advertising posters and in the board game The Running Man (as a graphic designer, I found them particularly amusing); Surprise yourself with the distinct lack of compelling technological advances. Running Man may be crap, but it's a lot of fun, but I do not hesitate to recommend Arnie's fans and sci-fi action. generally.
