Mystic Pizza did not win the Oscar for that year? This movie never had a chance, due to the cast, but maybe so far people can see why I felt this way out of the theater. Only "Wargames" left me feeling equally disturbed after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I was catching a glimpse of our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> The cast is a 1980s pop culture Cuisinart: you have Arnold as Ben Richards, the framed fugitive offered a chance to "run" for his freedom. in the game show with the same title of the film; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treating his role as if he was hosting the Family Feud with competitors using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both stalkers who kill the "men running". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while the "dancers of the future" are nothing less than the Laker Girls. This movie screams "80s". The plot is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be the Running Man when he is told that his friends would be released; instead, they join him as "competitors." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Hayek can be correctly judged in the 1990s. The value of the production in the film was a bit poor, the lines were cheesy and (at the time) the plot seemed a bit exaggerated. I remember thinking that when I was leaving the theater, we were definitely going in the direction of the movie, but who could have seen where we were going and how fast? If The Running Man were listed on TV Guide, most people would assume it was just another reality show that was pushing the envelope today. The influence of government in the media has only worsened, and the idiot American audience of the future that delivers all its freedoms to "national security" is frankly scary. Ben Richards is brilliantly portrayed by Arnold as one of the few remnants against a tyranny of government that the rest of America is willing to accept in exchange for good television and some farewell gifts to the public. <br /> <br /> The film was right at the top, maybe even off the cliff for its time, but as in Back to the Future III, the "gorge" it sank in 1987 was replaced by complete clues in 2006 and beyond, and This movie will sail into the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that, just as in Wargames, the academy did not give this brilliant script the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors who act seriously and are so pretentious that you want to take chances can win more Oscars, but that does not make them better movies than the "ordinary man" like this. <br /> <br /> An absolute must-see.
