Arnold, once again in the 1980s, demonstrated that he was the king of action and a liner in this futuristic movie about a violent game show that no competitor survived. But as the slogan says Arnold has not played yet! The film begins in the year 2019 when the world economy collapsed with food and other material missing and a totalitarian state emerged, controlling all aspects of life through TV and a police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against the "Stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to watch a food riot in progress. He is ordered by his superiors to shoot at them, refusing to leave him knocked out and thrown into prison, while killing the people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre that earned him the name "Bakersfield Butcher." Eighteen months later, Richards, along with two friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), fled a detention zone in which they worked. They head to the underworld, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "Bakersfield Butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he prefers to move in with his brother and get a job. Soon he discovers that his brother was taken to the reeducation and a woman's name Amber Mendez (Alonso) took his apartment. Knowing who he is, she is not going to help him, but he convinces her, but is arrested at the airport by the police after she has given him away. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the Running man is having trouble finding good new blood for the kill stalkers. Damon Killian (Dawson), the show's host and one of the country's most powerful men, sees Richards in an escape scene and is able to take him to the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs the contract. You're going to love this part. But he soon discovers that they will also join him and ensure that Killian knows he will be back. Runners begin to make their way through the zones and fight against characters that are memorable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually, Richards is joined by Amber, who suspected he was raised but was caught and played in the game as well. Together, they find the Underworld and make their way back to Killian and give him a farewell. The running man is another of the great Arnold films of the '80s. The movie was apparently based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said the book is better. I'm sure it's not and I do not care anyway I loved the movie. As in all of Arnold's films, acting is what you would expect with a Arnold classic and even Ventura gets a couple. But no doubt, Richard Dawson is the highlight of this film. Being a real game show host, he easily fooled himself and was able to create a character who was really cold-blooded. The entire movie itself somehow rips the shows and the big brother watching you. Keep an eye out for them poking fun and some old shows, "hate boat" among others. Also, the cast was great, plus Arnold, Koto and Alonzo do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the absurdity of the reality show going on, it almost fits in better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals would make a movie about "Evil Bush." The new DVD had mostly bad extras and the stalkers were the only ones redeemable. Some like the ACLU managed to put some of the communism on the DVD and it's a laughable junk that should not even be close to an Arnold movie about everything. Blasphemy! Overall, for any Arnold fan, especially us who grew up in the 80's with him, you can not miss it. It's one of the first ones I saw in the 80's and still great for this day. The futuristic world and the mood are great. Overall, 10 out 10 stars, definitely one of their best.
