Of all the Arnold movies in the mid-'80s they would have thought the most relevant today would be The Running Man. A scary and astonishingly realistic reality show tale went haywire. It may have been an exaggeration at the time, but not now. Not when you think about it. Nowadays, reality shows are scraping the bottom of the barrel or desperate to raise the bar. If the next one is not as controversial as the last one, it is a failure. How long will it last until we actually see shows like The Running Man? How long before we have "court-appointed theater prosecutors" or the Department of Justice's entertainment division? There is so much satire and cleverness in this movie that may have been lost in 1987, which is desperate to be seen again considering the current state of the TV shows. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is 'You're being lied to'. It's no secret that the government and the media work in collusion. And the masses believe in what the media tells them to believe. It is a very scary state and unless more accurate representations of the truth emerge, we can easily accept a brutal show like Running Man in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. It's edited and reshaped before it's shown and that's just what the networks want you to see. It is usually far from the real truth. <br /> <br /> Although quite different from Stephen King's book (the ending is completely changed) the script conforms to Arnie's typical formula. Yes, he has numerous and very gross one-liners and he says 'I'll be back' (which he's never REALLY said many times anyway, when you think about it) in the most ironic situation yet but he's still a zillion times better in the role that Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have been (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie, believe it or not). <br /> <br /> The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic but it is still strong enough to generate excitement and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each individual a very cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) was attached before Glaser, although no matter who drives, the film is still marked by a very heavy sensation of the 80s. Harold Faltermeyer's score (remember him?) is incredibly dated and steals the action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the film's sense of fashion is too excessive to be convincingly defined in the future. Aside from the dated feel, the only other thing that bothers me is the poorly staged shooting that passes like the climax. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a zillion times better than the original release. Gone is the horrible picture of the mailbox. In its place is a new anamorphic transfer of 1.85: 1 high definition. The colors shine and literally appear on the screen. The new soundtrack Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES is also incredible. There is constant use of the surround channels with great effect and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best re-masters I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer and a 'Meet the Stalkers' trick are included in this 2 disc set that comes in a fairly neat sliding case.
