I'm still new to the genre Krimi and the only one I've seen before seeing this was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'The Dead Eyes of London', which did not exactly inspire great hope for the rest of the world. gender in me. If I had seen this first, however, the feeling would have been different, while The College Girl Murders is a bizarre and crazy attempt at a crime film; it's a lot of fun to watch and it's so hard to hate a movie that puts so many weird and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to do it in style. The film begins in a laboratory where a mad scientist invented a new highly toxic poison that kills its victim and makes it look like they died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal leader who separates common criminals from the jail to carry out his murders using that poison (and then puts them back in prison). As the title suggests, it's a close, girls-filled college that provides most of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red robe who sacks around breaking his neck with a whip. <br /> <br /> Of course, with a plot like this; this is not exactly a serious matter and the director clearly knows that there is a very ironic vibe in the film, which is not a good omen for the plot. The fact that there are so many different sides to the plot, unfortunately, means that everything does not go well; although this is not a big problem as things are going well throughout the film and there is always enough to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is great and the color scheme on display is great too look. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and clearly the man has a great imagination; the places used are also excellent, and although a killer's lair adorned with a host of exotic and wild animals may not have any relevance to the plot, it helps to give the film that extra "something." You can not expect a conclusion that makes sense after all the things that happen in this movie; but the reason for the killings makes sense and is a satisfying way for the movie to climax. Overall, College Girl Murders is an excellent mystery movie and one that comes highly recommended!
