Prussian gas, a murderer wearing a red clan suit and hood with a white whip and the murder of schoolgirls in the hands of paid prisoners recruited by a mysterious mentor who keeps his face hidden in an office containing turtle and turtle aquariums. fish. Inspectors from Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) are certainly busy with this case. Everything seems to center around student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when turned 21, will inherit great wealth. Girls who are targeted share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery that the best of SY must uncover. The girls' dormitory staff seems to be hiding something and certain faculty members are falling prey to the killer in the guise of a red monk, talented enough to strangle neatly the neck of those whipped. Two prisoners are hired by a mysterious man to use the toxic gas created by a scientist killed at the beginning of the film, during what should be a monetary exchange for its creation. It is a clever scheme in which a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner), finds the convicts (who hide in a barrel) who are aided by a corrupt prison guard. Carried blindfold into the secret room of the mentor, he gives them orders on who to kill and how. Discovering this operation is a priority for Higgins and Sir John, as this will lead them to the truth they seek in connection with the killings and why they are happening. Under suspicion are the girls' dorm director, her brother-in-law, a sweaty and incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, a gossip gardener, and the Bannister. Some are red herrings until discarded, throwing the viewer one loop at a time until the actual mentor is discovered. The ending has several twists. From the Krimi movies I've seen, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a giallo with its colorful killer, a complicated plot that generates many surprises and potential suspects, and sordid antics between adults and girls from college in the dorm. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond in this particular Krimi movie with the villain's villain's secret hideout with an alligator pit (.. which is not used), the bible pistol / fake water when opened, fires the gas on the face of frightened victims, the Royce Royce of the Greaves, which has tabs that make the tabs darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and swim. Many may consider Sir John a liability owing to his sloppy and cheeky behavior and how he often undermines Higgins's abilities to get at the truth (perhaps mocking British inspectors who hurt a case more than resolving it). I felt that it was used as relief from comedy, particularly with his attempts at psychoanalysis from suspects and potential victims, often misinterpreting what is said to him. Higgins, using the skills adopted throughout his years as a researcher, follows the tracks / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. A capable direction by the dependable Alfred Vohrer, who keeps the rhythm buzzing at a pleasant speed, and the script is filled with interesting characters and grim content. Many of the adults surrounding the dorm are suspected, either of them may be the one wielding the whipping or giving orders behind the executions of the murdered girls. I would say that this may be one of the best (if not the best) examples of the Krimi genre, as it keeps you guessing, always one more ace above the sleeve ... the revelations discovered at the end are very interesting - Open , you even get a literal unmasking of the actual mentor pulling the strings up at all).
