This is probably the fastest and most action-packed of the German "krimi" series by Edgar Wallace, a cross between Dr. Mabuse's films of yesteryear and the 1960s pop thrillers like Batman and UNCLE Man. He reintroduces the scandalous villain from an earlier film, which uses the habit of an elegant monk and breaks the victims' neck with the curve of a deadly whip. Set in a chic girls' school filled with middle-aged teachers and police officers stroking their hot desks at every opportunity, it's certainly a throwback to those wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a definite link to a later film based on Wallace, the excellent giallo "Whatever Happened to Solange?" Which also pertains to students being corrupted (and corrupting?) Their elders. Quite appropriate for the monk theme, the master-mind villain uses bible trap here to deal with some of the death blows, and also maintains a dungeon full of reptiles to amuse his captive audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most playful and visually extravagant of the show's directors, and here colorful cinematography is the true star of the show. The Monk appears in a hood and a scarlet robe, hailing with taste the sleek white whip, as it appears against purple backgrounds of the night. There is also a voyeur-looking turquoise pool that looks great as both a bright environment for the school-aged students and as a gloomy backdrop to one of the murder scenes. The trademark "kicker" of hiding the "Ende" card somewhere on the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here. And there's a great high-pitched and raunchy score for retro music fans. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will definitely miss the irreverent character Eddie Arent in these later films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John takes on the role of jester, convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after taking some night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also went on to bigger and better things. The Krimis lost some of their subversive charm, and now worked on a much more obvious level of pop culture, which would make this one quite affordable for uninitiated viewers.
