Life begins - and ends - in a typical 1930s recovery / maternity ward, where we see 48 hours in the lives of several high-risk pregnant women, played by Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell and Clara Blandick (Aunty In ???), Vivienne Osborne Dorothy Tree and Gloria Shea, while waiting to give birth. While the film features plot devices that seem very unlikely today, when maternities are much more controlled and restricted, it offers us a retrospective in time to see what the delivery was like in a typical city hospital in 1932 for our grandparents and our families. grandparents. I found the film fascinating and exceptionally poignant. Incredibly, the most remarkable performance of this film comes from a male cast member, young Eric Linden as Jed Sutton, Grace's (Loretta Young) husband. What an actor! As a father for the first time, Jed is disturbed and uncomfortable with the hospital staff, who seems to ignore his concerns about his wife, since they can brush the crumbs from a table in the cafeteria. I felt all his concern deeply. I'd like to see more of this actor's work. He had a very emotional voice, which was used for an unforgettable effect in And the Wind Took. In that film, Eric played the young soldier whose leg was amputated without anesthesia, who shouted, "Do not cut! Do not cut!" Scarlett fled the hospital in horror. Cooling! Another great performance is Aline MacMahon, who plays Miss Bowers, the nurse. Her character is a type of salt from the earth, the kind of nurse we all hope to get for hospital stays, which breaks the hospital's rules constantly to show a more humane side of the medical profession. <br /> <br /> Loretta Young did another excellent acting job here as well, a very authentic and deeply felt performance as Grace. Mine, she's great at these shows, I've really grown to appreciate her more as an actress in recent months. <br /> <br /> Glenda Farrell played her role as a single strident mother a little above the top for my liking (no one knew in 1932 that drinking brandy from a hot water bottle could be dangerous to the health of unborn babies ?), but your character redeems himself in the end. Also in the cast Gilbert Roland, a silent and uncredited movie star, was an Italian husband in mourning. His screen time was brief but remarkable. <br /> <br /> Life begins is a raincoat, try to catch it at some point in the TCM, but remember to bring some wipes to cry. 9 out of 10.
