It is a testament to the incredible cinematic prowess of Gosha that he was able to complete Hitokiri and his impressive masterpiece, Goyokin, in the same year of 1969. And it is a testament to how criminally underestimated he remains for the general public (compared to the media dear ones like the great Akira Kurosawa), both Hitokiri and Goyokin received less than 500 votes between the two. <br /> <br /> Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: killer of crazy dogs, loyal to the Tosha clan and their boss Takechi, played by another generous of the genre, Tatsuya Nakadai. The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the emperor against the agitated shogunate. The historical background is quite accurate - with Japan's growing political turmoil between the imperialists and the Tokugawa and Western pressure to end a 300-year social and political imprisonment. It helps a lot to know a thing or two about the history of Japan and what eventually led to the Meiji Restoration and the abolition of the Tokugawa Shogunate, but it is not essential by any means. The film was mainly made for a Japanese audience, so certain things are taken for granted, but this flows very well for the uninitiated as well. As you'd expect from a Hideo Gosha movie in its golden years (the late 60's) the visual palette is breathtaking, the use of external and internal symbolism hiding behind the pictorial beauty. Style, however, is never decorative to Gosha - he is always employed at the service of history. <br /> <br /> And speaking of history, Hitokiri is literally and figuratively dominated by the main tortured character Izo Okada. As most protagonists chambara, Izo is in a double moral bond, divided between giri (obligation) and ninjo (natural impulse) - although it takes a little time for him to realize exactly what his girl is. In the first half of the movie, Izo is trying to socialize himself. High aspirations of social status and marriage to the daughter of an aristocrat - a great progression for someone who comes from a farmer's past in the rigid social caste system of nineteenth-century Japan. <br /> <br /> The defining moment for Izo is when he realizes at what cost self-advancement comes, loss of identity and, consequently, loss of self. It is at this point that he undergoes a very symbolic transformation from a famous Tosha Clan swordsman to a "nameless" vagabond with no past or future, Torazo the Vagrant. Although not technically nameless and not a genre-maker in the mold of Yojimbo, it is the loss of his former self and the detachment of ego, ambition, and self-delusion that allows Izo to see things as they really are and redeem themselves. Hitokiri ends (which I will not reveal here) in the best way that any story can end: both positive and negative, with a profoundly ironic twist that gives Izo the last laugh, a last sarcastic remark in story. face of death.
