Hitokiri (which roughly translates as "murder"), a / k / a "Tenchu" which translates roughly as "divine punishment") shows Hideo Gosha at the top of his form. Do not miss this, or another classic of Gosha, Goyokin! Hitokiri is not just one of the best Gosha films, it's one of the best "samurai / chambara" films ever made, and perhaps one of the best Japanese films ever exported. <br /> <br /> Be Forewarned, All Intricate Movies The details of the plot in Hitokiri can be a bit difficult to follow for those unfamiliar with Japanese history of the nineteenth century. Even so, the underlying human drama is obvious and open to all viewers. According to the standard for Gosha, Hitokiri provides yet another variation on his traditional theme of "loyalty to the Lord" versus "doing the right thing." However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophistication, which is really the movie to be seen (along with Goyokin, of course). <br /> <br /> I think it splits like this: If you want a simpler, more action-oriented tale, you might want to see Goyokin. However, if you want a more thoughtful and multifaceted (though somber) drama, see this. <br /> <br /> (Ok, okay, essentially the historical background is a huge power among many different samurai clans who are either (1) working to reform, while still maintaining, the Tokugawa Shogunate, and (2) those who are trying to install Meiji Emperor as the supreme ruler of Japan. Of course, those clans working "for" Meiji Emperor were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than granting their own clan more power in the "new world order "Ironically, the entire feudal system was officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government." It is an ironic twist like this - the great government of Gosha - in irony - that makes the whole plot even more bittersweet.) What distinguishes " Hitokiri "from the other Gosha films is Gosha's mature cinematography sense. Each scene is carefully composed, and (as well as Barry Lyndon of Kubrick) every frame of the film could stand as a stationary composition. Of course, this is typical Gosha. Hitokiri really stands out with stunning scenery, including (as with Goyokin) many fascinating marine landscapes. Just watch the opening sequence and you're addicted! Make no mistake, this is not a part of the period in English: Hitokiri is extremely violent (do not say you were not warned). <br /> <br /> What else, apart from good camera work, does Hitokiri stand out? The performances seem (to me) a little more subtle in this. Katsu Shintaro (from Zatoichi / Hanzo to Razor fame) transforms into a star performance as the protagonist / anti-hero in conflict, Okada Izo. Katsu manages to infuse mankind into a character who looks almost more wild animal than the villain. Throughout the movie, you're never sure if you're committed or disgusted with Okada's character. At the same time, Katsu's depiction of Okada's voracious hunger for respect, and his later pathetic attempts at redemption, seem so human that you can not help but feel empathy / sympathy. Of course, after seeing Nakadai Tatsuya playing the tortured hero in "Goyokin", it's great to see him play such a vicious villain in "Hitokiri." It is simply perfect, there is nothing more to say! <br /> <br /> As a final note, perhaps more interesting to fans than to casual fans, do not miss the last appearance on the screen of Mishima Yukio (yes, the right-wing ultranationalist gay writer who committed suicide by seppuku of the mock mob of Japanese military he "kidnapped" in 1970, and had a film about his life and work done by Paul Schrader), which actually does a pretty solid job of portraying the honorable (for a killer) Shinbei Tanaka.
