Another Pokemon movie hit theaters and, again, I'm listening to the same old one: "Pokemon is dead, blah, blah, blah." The detractors of the franchise could not be more wrong. The kids are still playing the card game, they are still watching the TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games, and they want to see "Pokemon the fourth movie". <br /> <br /> said, "Pokemon The 4th Movie" features two more "legendary" Pokémon: Suicune, the "north wind" of tradition, and Celebi, the forest keeper (and star of the show). Celebi transports himself and a boy named Sam, 40 years into the future, where trainer Pokemon, Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty, are traveling through Johto. Sam and Ash quickly become friends once they discover each other's mutual love for Pokémon (Sam's vintage pokeball with a screw at the top is a great time). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, the appropriately named Team Rocket agent Vicious, who is determined to capture Celebi for his own ends. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from Vicious's "Dark Balls"? Where does Suicune fit the picture? Jessie, James and Meowth will have bigger parts in this movie than before? And who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As in the first 3 movies, if you go to the cinema deciding that you will hate it automatically, no matter what it is, simply because it is Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / new / et cetera "dragged" you into it) then you will hate it because you have decided you want to hate it. This may be, but for blindly rubbish "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it is a Pokemon movie, and especially without having seen it, is simply stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know all the details of the Pokémon world. I'm not saying you're going to become a fan of Pokémon because of this movie, but you can really enjoy it if you allow yourself. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon the 4th Movie" is being distributed by Miramax, which I heard is also working to secure the rights to the 5 Pokemon movie that was released in the summer Miramax claims to have an aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie," but all I've seen so far is a weak limited release, which does not include the usual short Pikachu at the beginning, that I was actually looking forward to for this moment. Hopefully, Miramax will consider putting the short Pikachu, called "Pikachu's Exciting Hide-and-Seek," in at least the DVD / VHS release, if not with a future further release of "Pokemon The 4th Movie." I hope the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
