The late 1930s and early 1940s were a golden age for adventure films, with budgets rising during the economic recovery, changes in entertainment since the production code was applied and the general optimism of the times. While most of them were bragging about the wild, over-human, and frankly misogynist adventures of people like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in its focus, scope, and tone. <br /> Part Gunga Din's secret is the division of labor into his writing staff. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most talented and famous writers of the golden age of Hollywood. However, the actual script was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, who, especially Guiol, had a background in comedy. What we get out of these four is a plot that is well-balanced and engaging, but also cleverly tempered with comic touches. Most of the adventure films of that era were, at least in part, comedies, usually with one or two comic book support players, but they did not use laughter as Gunga Din does. Here, all the main characters are capable of being objects or creators of jokes. We see the sinister threat of thugs suddenly spreading as the scene dissolves into a slight fight. The first main battle scene is an impartial mix of action and jokes, in the style of Douglas Fairbanks Sr.'s silent bucks, something that the Flynn and Power vehicles failed to replicate. Towards the middle of Gunga Din, the action must necessarily take a while and there are many scenes of talent for the plot. However, the continuous incursions into comedy? like the punctured nail routine? make this part "slow" bearable. Producer-director George Stevens was natural when it came to this sort of thing, having even given his teeth at the Hal Roach studios, and almost exclusively directing comedy up to this point. This was his first full action feature, and he does a surprisingly good job. In particular, its use of moving view point takes makes the battle scenes extremely stimulating. Does it also bring something you rarely see in action shots of this era? a sense of real fear and fear. He defines this with these austere mountains and foreboding dominating many of the shots and overcoming the characters. The portrait of the abandoned village and the cultists of Thuggee shout "Kali!" is genuinely haunting. This dimension of fear acts on all the other emotions that are at work here, making us worry about these pleasant characters, and making comedy more stress relief. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius lies in the way the homonymous hero is introduced to the public. We are aware of Din visually, since he is prominent in several scenes before any of the characters actually address him or refer verbally to him. Because of this, we get the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a remarkable character to us, and crucially understanding, when we see him risking his life and giving water to men who are dying. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are in vain, without a capable cast. Do not be afraid, as Gunga Din has a top-notch! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideal for the material, as their best roles were often found somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant, in particular, is at his best, largely believable, but only occasionally invading that exaggeration and shiver that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not up to the standard of his heavyweight mates, but it's not bad at all. And of course there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his looks to always interpret these eccentric weirdos, but who else could interpret them with such dignity and humanity? I did not set out to beat the adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and in fact many of his photos are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of those swashbucklers could never achieve. Not only does it dispense with the vigorous male protagonist or the defiant clerical maiden but it also mixes the action genre with comedy and poignancy in a way that few pictures have done before or after. And this is fabulous.
