The story of the untouchable who acted like a great soldier, saving the lives of hundreds, if not thousands, is told in the 1939 film Gunga Din. Based vaguely on Rudyard Kipling's poem, the film is brilliantly directed by George Stevens and starring Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor Mclagen. The title role is played by Sam Jaffe, known in my day as the boss of Ben Casey, Dr. Zorba, a name that has become synonymous with large, unruly hair. Say "Dr. Zorba hair" to anyone in my generation, and they know what you're talking about. In India, at the time of the British occupation, three soldiers - two romantic and dashing figures. in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a great place - are cut-ups - in fact, three grown boys. Gunga Din is the water bearer, treated somehow - verbally, at least - by McChesney (McLaglen), but Cutter (Grant) likes him. When he picks up Din (pronounced Deen) practicing being his soldier walking and saluting as he imitates the unit during his maneuvers, Cutter gives him some tips. <br /> <br /> The joyous band of musketeers will end when Ballantine (Fairbanks) announces that he is about to marry a lovely young woman (Joan Fontaine) and leave the service. However, when Gunga Din and Cutter cross Thugees, a killer cult led by a guru (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din escapes to warn the unit, and Ballantine insists on enlisting again to help save Cutter. It's a friends movie, after all. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" begins in a relaxed way, with wide and wonderful comedy and comedy, particularly by Cary Grant, who is quite funny. Both he and Fairbanks are so handsome it's hard to decide which one to look first. Much of the film is made up of huge action sequences that are very exciting. In the last part, the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in a tense and exciting battle. Grant has the most showiest role, Fairbanks is the romantic in love, and McLaglen as McChesney, mainly due to his treatment of Gunga Din, is the most enviable character, although one detects his soft heart in his love by his elephant Annie. Its softness comes to the end of the film, particularly in the very moving and abrupt final scene. Always a kind and friendly actor, Sam Jaffe gives a beautiful performance as Gunga Din, a simple, brave man with a big smile, powerful imagination and high dreams. Without much dialogue, Jaffe conveys the soul of Gunga Din magnificently. <br /> <br /> This is truly the definitive, far-reaching adventure film with good acting, thrilling scenes, a wonderful soundtrack and beautiful cinematic images. Another of that remarkable year, 1939. Highly recommended.
