I did not know for some time in my youth everything that could be known about this movie however the ways to make a movie was not what actually caught my eye, which made this film one of the most appreciated films even for this The day movie I have seen was of the heroism, bravery and honor of having served in his service of majesty. This movie is not always what it seems and is perhaps as it should be, however I can not say enough to the courage displayed by Sgt.Cutter in defense of the Uniform that he would also have sacrificed his life to save from the danger of the kind that they and the troop were threatened with the emergence of this group of thugee. <br /> <br /> To be sure Sgt. Cutter is the type of person from whom you can suggest something and then you observe this unequivocal belief not only in one another but in your Majesty the Queen of England. I think for all his greed for money and such a character was great. A courageous brave soldier who did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in this role, really a very capable and convincing interpretation of the uniform he wore. I never felt that Ballantine was a shoe, in fact, there was so much. Trust in the assumptions that you may be well not to look at close because it is still just a photo. What I mean? This image is still just a movie and as the times in which these events occur as well as when the photo was actually made to take a look at how things were made then and what or why there are so many different opinions on this movie will distract your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equal in their dedication with both men from time to time. while providing unyielding audacity for jobs such as men in the service of His Majesty. These three seem to make things right and I believe it is a useful and even pleasant interlude when Ballantine has an encounter with fate or at least it seems only to have fate as you would intervene. Is it Fair? I do not know. I think it is very appropriate when the company have escaped the clutches of death in Tantrapur and they are dragging their tails as they are approaching the main Doors to the Post Regiments when Ballantine lets the other two know that he is leaving the service, and get married and go to the tea business. MacChesney says he could sign up for another 9 years. He's going to make a man out of it. I like this feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is any doubt as to what it means to have brave and trustworthy brave soldiers representing your best interests. Where does it end? Interests are so well placed as to what it is It is important in this world that I enjoy this picture today as much as I may have liked the photo when I was ten years old. I never knew the truth of this movie until recently, when I went into history and found the information about Kali. There is much to learn, however, since all is said and done about the historical significance of the Goddess of Kali, this film assumes a quality that I refer to as intelligence. This is a very honest attempt to convey a belief in what is being tried. I think this is an excellent film.George Stevens directed. <br /> <br /> There are some items to be aware of that I do not think all information will jive with the story however when the Journalist is approached as Mr. Kipling things can get very exciting because everything else are characters, but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens went over to convey a time and a time before when these events actually took place. The information is honest, attractive and not only will lure you, but you need to understand why we love both Gunga Din. There is in the distance the Black Watch is at the front and they are approaching a more certain danger and possible defeat unless the troop can be warned. Gt.Cutter is badly injured and Ballantine and MaChesney are immobilized. Having a deep wound at the base of the back, as a result of a bayonet deep in his body behind, is equal to the need to warn the Colonel of impending danger. With an effort worthy of our most sincere wishes in this lifetime, Din slowly climbs and manages to climb the tower resting as the top of the tuggee temple. The horn sound of Gunga Dins allows the approaching army to be warned. battle of scale follows and the enemy is nullified. It is so dramatic and tense filled position that as Gunga Din lay dead on a pile of stones that his body sifted through bullets now shows, Sgt.Cutter says good soldier working.I do not know of any more dramatic moment in which we learn what sacrifice means when the troop is warned of imminent danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climactic, it is the account of who Gunga Din is and what he means. now for the honorable men in uniform for whom he wished to sacrifice.Ballantine knows his heart and asks the Colonel to take care of his enlistment documents and this makes MaChesney very pleased that the Colonel is honest and put the documents enlistment in your pocket to be treated. perhaps at a more appropriate time. The Colonel says in the place where now everyone is gathered that we have all done enough soldiers for a long day and more comments on how pleased the efforts in defense were. MacChesney says he would rather here than the colonel who get a Bloomin medal. This is a very sober point and then he comes to Din.Now here is a man who does not really have status, so I'll name him a cable and his name should be written on rolls of our honored dead. The poem is read as if it had been written by Kipling himself, who stands beside the tomb with the colonel and the rest of the men. Gunga Din Bravo!
