Anyone with a kid at home who does not watch black and white movies should put this on their television set. When the child passes by, imagining what the whole screen screaming and filming, tell him that this is an adult photo and that he is not big enough to watch it yet. This will keep you there for a few minutes; director George Stevens and his team will keep it to the end. <br /> <br /> I think my dad did this to me, anyway, and I'm the best man for it. This classic adventure game, set in India during the British occupation, features a trio of army sergeants who find their strong union facing dissolution as he prepares to marry his girlfriend. Help arrives in the form of a violent revolt of thuggies against which the soldiers are united. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" was one of the great movies coming out of the best year of Hollywood in 1939. More than most of that year's great Golden movies, it's fun in a very immediate and accessible way. The theme song is nirvana instantly humble. While filmed in California, camera work (the only thing in "Gunga Din" that received an Oscar nomination) has a grandeur that resembles the Raj a hundred years ago. The battle scenes are filmed in a very realistic, not too violent, but very confusing way, as people fall and shoot and run in every corner of every picture in a way that looks real, not staged as in the case of biblical slaughters by Cecil B. DeMille. The script not only sets up action scenes, but also develops the relationship of the three sergeants with great mood figures. The main focus is on the Sgt. Cutter, chasing tall tales of golden treasures. It's a rare action for Cary Grant, and its lightness is perfect for a movie that never takes itself seriously, even when developing a suspense. <br /> <br /> Anchoring the trio is the sergeant. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who adores his elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own schemes. He's so funny in his own way, leaving the sergeant. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., exhibiting a good trait of Errol Flynnish) as the one with the loving interest and grounding enough to know that he needs to kick his boy friends and grow up. If Gunga Din was a Lifetime movie, it would be about Joan Fontaine's efforts to save his man from his two losing friends and his crushing skull thoughts. But as it is a boy movie, the accent here is about how the trio should stick together and save Ballantine from a fate worse than death, not just marriage, but as Cutter exclaims indignantly several times, the tea business as well. The politically correct police are tough on this film, not so much for the gender issue, but for the idea of ​​British soldiers saving the poor Indians from the evil bandits. It smells of colonial apology. Fortunately, this film was made when, and the producers felt no need to explain the obvious liberalism at the heart of the film, that these three sergeants, so full of bravery and false racial pride, have to be saved along with them. with the rest of their army by a humble bhisti that only one of the three had time for when he sought his approval. After all, for all its bragging glory, the true sacrifice of the film involves the title character, played so heartily by Sam Jaffe. <br /> <br /> When the film was made, film mogul Jack Warner had a saying: You want to send a message, use Western Union. Still, it seems the messages were flying fast and furious in "Gunga Din." I watch the movie now and wonder if the audience at that time should wonder what Gunga Din was actually doing when he took Cutter to the Golden Temple. Was he really plotting revenge on his British lords? Had he been justified in doing so, especially given MacChesney's cold treatment of him? When Colonel Weed offers this compliment, Rudyard Kipling's poem on which the film is loosely based, has it been with a nod to the madness of imperialism, to dominate someone who proved to be "a better man than I" in the end? What they did to the great speech of the Guru, uttered in perfect English: "You have sworn like soldiers to perhaps die for a faith, which is your country, England. Well, I can die for my country and my faith as readily as you ... India, goodbye. "Of course the same character also instructs his brutal followers:" Kill for the sake of killing Kill for the sake of Kali, kill, kill, kill! " Which means we are allowed to hate it and cheer for the British, and save the questions about what it all means for later. <br /> <br /> What "Gunga Din" means to me, above all, is the fastest, 90-minute certainty of video excitement. Cutter has never found his gold temple, but there is one for all of us watching "Gunga Din".
