I would love to give this movie a 10/10, but in its current state I can only go to 8/10 at the most. The post-Code edition (read: destroying) of this film guarantees a negative point of 2 points. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of movie history, Baby Face was apparently one of the two films that finally broke the camel. back and brought the full wrath and enforcement of the Production Code in play in 1934. (I do not know what the other film was.) As a result, the film in its original incarnation was never allowed to be re-released after 1934 It was cut and edited in chunks, and no original version is known to exist today. The best we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but which is clearly edited in several scenes, and has a happy and disappointing ending at the end. <br /> <br /> All that has been said, the film is still very beautiful and very fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she only owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father who takes her to the local workers of Erie, PA, as well as to local politicians in a quid pro quo of 'If you do not close speakeasy I will let you sleep with my daughter. ' When the father dies in a blaze near the beginning of the film, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with his maid and goes to New York. She points to a skyscraper and starts working literally to the top. Starting with the HR department employee, she sleeps with him to get a seat in the bank. From there, she sleeps with man after man (including John Wayne) using each new man to help her get a better paid job on a higher floor of the skyscraper, with increasingly powerful male bosses. Stanwyck stops at nothing on his ascent to the top. It's so much fun to see her and her maid in more and more extravagant clothes and apartments, while Stanwyck climbs the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulating, she vixen in this movie! If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping when you see the character George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) die in the arms of Stanwyck. Skip the remaining 3 minutes! The "happy ending" released at the end of the movie for the public post-Code insults the public's intelligence and is unacceptable: the board members of the bank are sitting around a table on the donation of millions of dollars from Mr. and Mrs. Mrs. Trenholm the bank and how happy they are living but poor in Erie, with former VP Trenholm now working at the steel mills - cut right in the same footage of a steel mill we saw at the beginning of the movie - "The End." PUH-LEEZE - HOW TO LICK! The film originally ended with George Brent succeeding in his suicide attempt. I think the ending fits the overall mood of the movie a lot better than the post-Code end. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope a copy of the original pre-code version of this movie will be discovered during my movie. lifetime (update: the original was found and must be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will take advantage of the TCM version and disable it before the post-code finish licks it.
