Director Alfred Green's melodrama, "Baby Face," with Barbara Stanwyck, is considered one of the most notorious pre-coded films. These films were produced before the Production Code Administration had the power to enforce its rules in 1934. "Inspiration" set designer Gene Markey and "Midnight Mary" writer Kathryn Scola wrote the script, based on the story of Mark Canfield , about the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charms to gain wealth and position in society. Incidentally, Mark Canfield was a pseudonym of producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These pre-coded films today seem harmless, but they sparked controversy in abundance and contained more daring material than most films until the late 1950s when the Code began to wear out. The themes filmmakers explore are women versus men, women versus women, and women versus society. Our skillful protagonist does enough to make all subjects the same. Lily's worthless father Nick Powers (Robert Barrett of "Distant Drums") operates an illegal underground bar during the Prohibition, when the thirteenth amendment banned alcohol. and manufactures their own beverage in a back out. Nick is like an obnoxious guy who torments his beautiful and hard-working daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck of "Night Nurse"), but Lily refuses to help her father with a despicable local politician. The politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl of "Private Detective 62") promises to retaliate for Lily's refusal to accommodate him. Later, Nick chews on his rebellious daughter. Lily rebukes him. "Yes, I am a bum and who is to blame? My father, a swollen start you gave me, nothing but men, rotten and dirty men, and you are shorter than any of them." As soon as she's gone, Nick dies when he still explodes and kills him. Lily and her African-American maid Chico (Theresa Harris of "Arrowsmith") pack their bags and hitchhike on the first freight leaving town. <br /> <br /> Once our heroines arrived in New York, Lily uses her charm to get a job at a bank. Visually, Director Green shows Lily's insightful ascent climbing the ladder with camera angles that move upward until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At one point, Lily breaks a marriage between a bank clerk, Ned Stevens (Donald Cook of "The Public Enemy") and his fiancée, Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") after Stevens almost fired her for flirting with her . chief, Brody (Douglas Dumbrille of "His Women") in the employee's bathroom. Lily is extremely insightful and gets out of every debacle better than before. The board of directors hires Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") to assume the position of chairman of the bank. The first thing Trenholm does is pay Lily instead of letting her publish his notes on the top echelons of the bank. In addition, Trenholm takes Lily to his bank in Paris, where Lily does not create any commotion until Trenholm arrives and they get romantically attached. Lily plays tooth and nail for everything she's got and hates to throw it all away, but she sacrifices everything in the end for her husband. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Lily ends up in the same town where she started, but Trenholm and she are happy now. "Baby Face" qualifies as one of the top five pre-coding films. Look for John Wayne dressed in a suit and tie in one scene.
