Escaping her life from being cheated by her father (... and the speakeasy waitress) who dies in an explosion, Lily Powers (Barbara Stanwyck, who is simply sweeping) makes her way through the branches inside a banking firm in the big city of Gotham . When a possessive lover kills who should be his next father-in-law (and Lily's new lover), the sky is the limit for Lily, since she noted her various relationships in a diary and subtlety makes it known that newspapers will receive if a certain non-payment Come into your hands. Newly appointed bank president Courtland Trenholm (George Brent) sends Lily to Paris instead of asking for a lot of money, but soon finds herself madly in love after several encounters with her in the City of Love. That makes Lily's mouth wet, for now she will reach the pedestal of success seducing a man of wealth and prestige to bring wealth in his own way. Although circumstances will follow what will lead her to make a decision that threatens her successful way of achieving that wealth ... Trenholm, now her husband, is being indicted in jail and has lost the bank. He needs money that Lily now has in his possession or he will have absolutely nothing. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck is the whole movie, despite the usual polishing of Warner Brothers. Being set in the pre-code era gives filmmakers the chance to elaborate taboo subjects such as a woman using sex to achieve success and how this can lead to tragedy. Good direction by Alfred E Green shows through subtlety tips in different mannerisms and speaks through good acting of Stanwyck's seductive performance as stage something without actually showing the explicit act. Obviously, the film shows that money is not everything and that all jazz as love enters the heart of Lily's heart. That end of Lily getting the miraculous metamorphosis into someone in love did not seem true to me. She spent all this time reaching that platform only to fall in love with a man who was not essentially different from the others she'd used before him.
