The pre-release version of "Baby Face" of 1933 would be an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Led by a Nietszchean teacher, Lily Powers rises from a life of easy virtue to her father's swift clandestinity, to a rapid rise in the corporate ladder of a large bank. As each step of the ladder is an executive with his brain under his belt and his ethics locked in the safe, the film has no casualties except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive exploring father. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motive for using men to advance without regard to their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she targets voluntarily betray wives and fiancees to trade jobs for sexual favors. Perhaps bank failures in the 1930s were less for the economy than for morally corrupt executives distracted by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly and the camera moves playfully from window to window the facade of the office building. as Lily climbs higher and higher. Barbara Stanwyck has had fun in difficult roles, and she's at her best here. The feeling does not intrude when she is ready to climb the next step. Only her African-American confidant, Chico, receives Lily's affection, trust, and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the cool natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would make men throw their skins and covers on her. Stanwyck often looks overly trimmed and rigidly combed in comparison to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's tough behavior, obvious tactics and artificial appearance, she manages to leave a trail of deceived and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook, and a young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is the restored cut of 76 minutes. The edited version of the film timidly turns from the concrete facts, which the longer cut restores and renders explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story with a false name, wanted a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite the lectures and advice of Alphonse Ethier not to be defeated by life, Lily's grip on power and money owes more to her education and her father than to her professorial mentor. However, philosophy is just a distraction. Short, quick and fun, "Baby Face" is as contemporary in its morality as "Wall Street". Substitute Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily could have declared his philosophy as "greed is good."
