Is this considered a pre-code key movie? of the director who later did the musical biography THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid sci-fi INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ??? and features one of the best early roles of Barbara Stanwyck. <br /> <br /> Is it backed by an excellent cast that includes popular actors and valued character performers of the day? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point, addressing Stanwyck under the title of a popular song that is constantly heard) in the previous category, and in the latter Robert Barrat Donald Cook (as his most tragic achievement), Alphonse Ethier (as his senior mentor - more on that later), Arthur Hohl (as a lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (as chief and father-in-law) Cook's house). law, to which Stanwyck also seduces). Interestingly, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were later erased at his own request when the film had problems with the censors! Aided by crackling, that is, typically hard-boiled dialogues and realistic assemblages of Anton Grot, the narrative contains unexpected nuances of Nietzschean philosophy fed by our small-town heroine by the intellectual Ethier (Stanwyck complains to him since early it is not a "fireball" that, of course, contradicts his later comedy directed by Howard Hawks and co-author). starring Gary Cooper? of that name!). Under the auspices of Ethier, she quickly flourishes in an essentially heartless character, determining that nothing will remain on her path to success; the symbolic representation of her rise in stature in the New York firm with which she ended up being employed is reminiscent of a similarly sarcastic? about the eagerness of an ambitious statesman for power? in the October of Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen leaving by his black maid / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the movie are simply great; At first, I found the last stages a little disappointing ?? because I was hoping to see Stanwyck get his punishment by falling for the character George Brent belatedly introduced while he ignores it, but just like the others, he is soon under his spell! On the second display, however, did this look less shocking? of course, that Stanwyck was affected by the two deaths her selfish behavior caused, and that her mandate in Paris had softened her (even if she tried to cling to her sweaty wealth for as long as possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of its Hollywood Collection VOLUME 1 BANNED, the film is presented in two notably different issues ?? a recently unearthed pre-release version and the softer theatrical donation impression. Among the most important scenes, the last is the dialogue about Stanwyck's life as a vagabond from the age of 14 (although it is heard in the accompanying trailer!), While many other scenes have been shortened (ie censored by content) : the violent fisticuff that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resists her advances; seduction in the railway car; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Stanwyck by Cook; the shooting, followed by a suicide (only shots are heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck thinking about his achievements while the phonograph is playing (again, only Brent appears in the version released in theaters), etc. The latter, then, uses alternate shots for some scenes ?? and includes a setting shooting of the city that is missing from the longer version; however, we also get an obviously finished happy ending (the Pre-release version concludes abruptly on a very effective open note) and an equally unconvincing cautionary letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York which basically has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche!
