Finally, the uncut version of "Baby Face" comes up and from which source? The Library of Congress. The four minutes restored, stretches here and there, create a much better film. Now we know that the Baby Face has been attacked by her old man since she was at least fourteen years old. Another reason for their behavior and cold, exterior calculation. <br /> <br /> Barbara Stanwyck is really amazing in the role of Lily Powers (note the nickname), a part that asked only the right amount of sexuality. clothed with power, cunning and revenge, but tinged with virginal pretense when asked, a portrait very difficult to be convincing. Barbara Stanwyck conveys the necessary nuances to show that although she sleeps to the top (literally), she is still good in her heart - notice the way she treats the few who were kind to her, like Chico (the wonderful actress). Theresa Harris) and the old philosopher. And although she exploits her sexuality to make porridge of men who are rich and powerful, these same men are trying to exploit her by their fleshly desires with no intention of permanent bonds until they fall in love with her. <br /> <br /> Lily Powers fails to understand at first that emotions are difficult to assemble, that it is easy to lose control. One possible result is death. Tying a wagon to a star of clear materialism can lead the person to a destination where nothing else exists but the ephemeral, and it is a cold, lonely place. A word must be said about Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophy, whose Will to Power is emphasized in "Baby Face" by the elderly philosopher who befriends Lilly when she is still doing tricks for her old . "Baby Face" was released the same year Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany. Although it is highly unlikely that the semi-literate Hitler would understand much about Nietzsche, he considered himself a Nietzschean to the nth degree and praised him alongside his other comments. "Baby Face" serves as an indictment of the popular interpretation of Nietzsche's concept of power will, especially in the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Though "You have the sweetest baby face." is a theme for "Baby Face," an even more revealing and applicable melody is "Handyman's St. Louis Blues," reproduced throughout the film, especially at times when the camera has to move away from what would be sexually scenes explicit. "St. Louis Blues" is also used wisely to the end, when Lily begins to see beyond materialism for eternal values. Chico is singing a rough version of "St. Louis Blues" when Lily, now disagreeing with the lyrics, orders her to stop. <br /> <br /> The restored version of "Baby Face" makes the movie more modern. in their approach and attitude towards sex as power than many a new Hollywood release. By all means observe this jewel of the distant past and enjoy yourself.
