"Baby Face" is a pre-recorded melodrama starring a young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to the city to do well ... or I must say I get the time. Stanwyck's father is fooling her for one reason or another throughout her life in the filthy, depressed, filthy Erie, Pennsylvania. After her father dies, a kind of older father who knows what she's been through and really cares about her future advises her to go to the big city and seize the opportunities there - not the easiest ones - and take the high of life. (Note that I saw the censored version and not the uncut version - this part of the movie was remade for the censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides the low road is too smoother and will take her where she wants to go much faster. In the most famous scene of the film, the camera takes us up the corporate ladder, taking us from floor to floor while Lily sleeps to the top. She finally corners the great man and is able to quit the day's work. The problem follows, and she soon becomes embroiled in a huge scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears lots of makeup and most of the movie is cool as a cucumber, since she seduces one man after another without regrets, and she's great. in playing the innocent victim. In one scene, she stares at the rescue of a king in jewels while wearing a black dress that seems to be decorated with diamonds on top. So she asks Chico another case, and that's full of more jewelry, besides titles. All in one day's work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be disparaged or glamorous, and she was also a talented singer and dancer. Here, she sings or hums the theme of the movie, "St. Louis Woman." She has worked on literally dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, having her best work in the pre-recorded era. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks received less to make in movies after they were put into practice. <br /> <br /> Preformatting movies can be more sexually screaming and thus, even though they are over 70 years old. , seems more modern. Even though these films do not need to have moral endings, Baby Face learns its lessons - how life is after all. There were several endings of this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw had a scene added, but apparently, there were two other endings that did not pass through the censors. (There was no code, but there were always censors.) Anyway, it's a surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of cinema - a must-see.
