I'm going to review the two films as a whole because I think that's how it should be seen and watched. When I talk about 'the movie' I'm talking about parts 1 and 2 together when I watched one after another, as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. This movie is refreshing, courageous, courageous and true. And that means a new style of film production. No fake drama. No swell soundtrack. Not faux documentary style. Just clean shots and an attempt to keep the facts. I have read Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life," and recently completed Fidel's biography, and this has helped my ability to absorb this film appropriately. But I have to say that it is Jon Anderson's exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography that gave this film the appropriate historical backbone. Anderson was a consultant on this film (or these two films). What makes this movie a true thing is that it's clean. No swollen music or slow-motion photography to increase drama, and even more importantly; there is no false documentary fake camera. Just square shots and forward shot style. The type of camera used makes you feel good out there in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro was supposed to receive honors so I never doubted him like Che during the movie ... not once. He has done a wonderful job and I will respect him forever for this. Some people complain that the film deals only with two slices of its life and not with the whole. But I think this is one of the most beautiful aspects of this movie: it does not try to be everything. Do not try to "tell the story". A person's life is too multifaceted to try to count in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this film, it resists temptation, and remains focused on the intention of letting us just FEEL FOR CHE, YOUR DEVELOPING MILITARY MIND AND THE FORCES AROUND HIM. It focuses on three parts of the time: The Battle of Launching the Baptist, the UN speech on Che and the preparations of the Gorilla in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" I have already told your young side, and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects. I keep referring to Jon Anderson's book and the movie remains true. The only weak link for me is Matt Damon's cast (not the performance). In a movie so loaded with real performances, an American, (Matt Damon) playing a Bolivian, is an awkward stretch - he does well, but after so much care in the cast, this was an over-site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the cast gives you, and most notably the incredible work of Benicio Del Toro, puts this movie at the top of my list. The fact that this film went straight to the video says something about how the Cold War ethic that would never allow "revolutionized Cuba" to become what it could have, is still working to keep the quiet history. If it were not clandestine smothering, then out of the effects of properly done propaganda that undermined this topic. <br /> <br /> This is a must-see movie, and Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" is a must read if you want to begin to understand the initial effects on the global mentality in relation to the expansion of movements of international / political financial chess from the 1940s, 50s and 60s that put an unfair pressure on our South American neighbors and the effects they fostered.
