Perhaps the brightest thing about Che: Part Two, when we begin to integrate it into Part One in our minds, is that there is no clarification as to why Che chose to flee Cuba after the revolution, without allusion to his experience in Congo , no enlightenment as to why he chose Bolivia as his subsequent scenario for a coup d'état, no allusion to the political decisions he made when young motorcycling through South America, which Walter Salles gave prominent familiarity. An extraordinary approach is given to Che, finding the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. However, hardly any effort is made to detach them as individuals, to establish relationships involved. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che leads an unbreakable doctrine to keep no injured men behind. But there is no feeling that he is deeply concerned directly with his men. It's the concept. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the village people, given food and cover, supported by what becomes a victorious revolution. Here in Bolivia, there is not much apparent understanding. The villagers expose him. They protect the government troops, not their own. When he exposes the partiality of the government's medical system, his audience seems disinterested. You can not bring a people to revolution if you do not want to comply. Soderbergh shows US military advisers working with Bolivians, but does not criticize the United States for Che's collapse. Che seems to have just defined his fight and the place where he wanted to have him. <br /> <br /> In the display of both wars, Soderbergh does not construct his battle scenes as actions with specific results. Che's men attack and are attacked. They burn with distant assailants. Usually there is a cut for the group in the battle of combat, their number of dead is not interrupted. This is not a war movie. It is the reasonably unreasonable urge of a man to bear. There is no elaborate cinematography. Soderbergh stares intently at Che's uncompromising dedication. There are notable sporadic visceral shots, but being few, they are even more powerful, like Che's POV during their final beats. There is an abundance of terrain where these men live for weeks on end, and the effect that consumes everything is languor, Guevara himself having malaria for part of the time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives a champion performance, not only because it is modest. He is not portrayed as the vanguard like most epic heroes. In Cuba, he appears in conquest, in Bolivia he falls in verse, and occasionally it is difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates not so much an identity as an attitude. You may think the movie is too long. I think there is a genuine cause for its breadth. Guevara's affairs in Cuba and particularly in Bolivia were not a sequence of episodes and sketches but a task of maintaining power that could virtually be called insane. In the end, Che as a whole or in parts is a commercially courageous film, in which its director begins by understanding the innate limits of the cinematographic biography and working progressively within these means.
