Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not as fun as PART I, because it is where we begin to witness what could have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am struck by the cause and effect that both parties have in their interconnection stories. We are reminded again and again that the main character, Che Guevara, is Argentine. Some of Fidel's army men have decided not to accept orders from a foreigner, and now that Che has chosen to leave the comfort of victory to continue the revolutionary in Bolivia, he does not receive much respect from his new army and the natives, Just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> As far as technique is concerned, I think Part II would have been more useful if, first of all, right after the map was displayed, it showed some highlights of the story. Previous edition just to refresh the memory about his characters and what he set out to do, to make the public understand why his methods were successful in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. It is clear now, in this segment, that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he is dealing with a group of soldiers whose hearts are not totally in him. They say the ingredient for the revolutionary is love ... well, they do not give a shit about the country, so it's hard to sell. It is painfully painful and difficult for Che to get others to buy his sight. <br /> <br /> I like a particular scene that illustrates Che's deterioration, a scene where his horse would not go, no matter how Che tries to direct him, and then his temper took over and, for a moment he forgets he is a doctor, and he becomes that desperate soldier stabbing his own horse. Your army is like a horse that does not want to be led. But at the same time, the movie trails, it depends on small appearances of familiar faces that you will recognize only for a brief entertainment and, for the most part, you are hammered left and right by one obstacle after another, but perhaps that's Part II's intention, if so ... then it definitely works. Standing ovation for the cinematography that gives us a first-person view at the moment of Che's last gasp. This movie may not answer the questions of why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined he could get even when the odds were against him and why he wants South America to have the same fate as Cuba, but the movie CHE is a story worth telling.
