It surprises me that I really had the courage to watch the bio or play "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Because? Because if my exiled Cuban parents discovered this movie about this despicable mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I would be punished for life. Hey wait I'm an adult, they can not grind me no more. Director Steven Soderbergh and the commie novice (sorry Steven, but I had to take pictures of Soder here) split the film into two parts about the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" features how Che, in the mid-1950s, joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla team in their revolutionary quest to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; which, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but a gigantic guerrilla disaster for many Cubans who revolted in communism. "Che: Part 2" features Che trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by tossing T-shirts with his scary bearbado face to the T-shirt manufacturers. Okay, I'm talking a lot on your way! I intended to say that "Che: Part 2" focuses on Che in the late 1960s trying to bring back the revolution, this time to a poor Bolivia, but with very different results. In fact, Che ended up being stuffed with dead meat. when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the time between these two instances in Che's life when he commanded the despicable imprisonment of Cabana de La Cabana in Cuba, where he massacred many Cubans who opposed communism. That's where I think Soderbergh did a cinematic injustice by not showing viewers how outrageous Guevara really was. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh did not glamorize him, but rather how he was really upset. Soderbergh did not do the last and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not. He was a sick man who thank God is now probably in the bottom of the barrel of the devil. Now, I have to be an objectivist and must admit that the performance of Benicio Del Toro as Che was extremely commanding and worthy of merit. And that Demian Bichir was a scary idiot like Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast of "Che" was composed mainly of mediocre performances by actors portraying guerrilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into the revolutionary mix of a Spanish-speaking presenter who plays a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have to present this biographical film which is mainly "too much talk and insufficient action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've had a lot of Che, even posthumously with those ridiculous T-shirts, so why give us much more of it? But I think when you have Del Toro by the horns (as you did here Steven), I think it's your saving grace not to totally execute "Che: Parts 1 and 2". *** Average
