I came to watch Guerrilla, part two of Steven Soderbergh's Che Guevara biopic, without having seen the previous film and with no more than a cursory knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was quite apprehensive to see that this would be a lesson in heavy history and an impenitent love letter to the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this movie far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> The guerrilla works remarkably well as a stand-alone film. The story of Che's failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia, then under the military regime, is a compelling tragedy. The initial impetus brought by Che's incognito arrival to lead guerrilla warfare is lost as misfortune follows unhappiness. Odds compare to the revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious local residents, and Che's failed health are just a few of the hardships of the rising rebellion. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's portrayal of Che is highly uncritical, but this film is not hagiography. The style is refreshingly non-dramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack of Alberto Iglesias, adding quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film but there are very few close-ups of his face and we are encouraged to see people fighting alongside him and sometimes against him as well. Where Soderbergh wishes to demonstrate Che's virtues, we see this in small episodes, like the loyal acolyte who rebukes two guerrillas when they question Che's leadership and emphasizes the sacrifice he made in leaving Cuba to fight again for the revolution. <BR> <BR> The steering is great. The second part seems well-edited despite its narrow focus and is able to communicate much through images without the need for a narrator to spell things out for the public. At the beginning of the film, we see some short clips of lavish partying in post-revolutionary Cuba, providing us with ideas of how Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrait of guerrillas marching through the endless rainforests stands out as a surprisingly beautiful scene and helps to create a sense of the enormity of the task before this small band of revolutionaries. The problem with the film is the distance between the spectator and Che, who, while allowing us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and the people around it, makes it difficult for us to understand it better as a person. Is it true that Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the leading role? So much so that it is difficult to remember that you are watching an actor and not the man himself. However, watching Guerrilla as a stand-alone film means that we are given little insight into what is shaping Che's thoughts, words and deeds. It is to be expected that this will be more evident in the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I can not comment on that yet), and certainly the strength of part two is making me eagerly anxious to see the prequel.
