I sat through both parts of Che last night, back to back with a brief break in the bathroom, and I can not remember when the last 4 hours passed so quickly. I had to cheer myself up a week in advance because I have a real 'thing' about directors, producers and editors that continue to go unnoticed, over long and almost epic in front of us and I feel like in the whole 2 2.5 hours is almost certain for a movie. So 4 hours seemed to be stretching the limits of my tolerance and I was very doubtful about the whole venture. But will I say in advance that this is a beautifully? Could I say lovingly? film made and I am very happy to have seen it. Director Steven Soderbergh is to be congratulated for the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes buzz as if you were dodging bullets. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio. Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che's image was everywhere; on wall posters of rooms, on T-shirts, on magazine covers. Che's image has to be one of the most exploited ever. If the famous images are reliable, Che was a very handsome guy, the epitome of revolutionary romanticism. If he had been ugly, I have to wonder if he would have been so popular in the public imagination? Of course young dying helps. <br /> <br /> Che's films have already been made (notably the excellent Motorcycle Diaries of 2004 that starred the unbearably gael Gael Garcia Bernal as the young Che, touring South America and seeing the endemic poverty that formed his policy Marxist), but I do not think anyone has dealt with the whole story from beginning to end, and this bipartite is an ambitious project. I hope it's worth it for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that instant business success may not have been the most important thing in your mind. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows Che meeting Castro in Mexico and continues his journey. to Cuba to begin the revolution and then to travel to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Cleverly filmed black and white images look like contemporary films, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) resumes in 1966, when Che arrives at Bolivia to initiate a new revolutionary movement. The second film happens almost entirely in the forest. As far as I can see it was filmed mainly in Spain but I can still believe it must have been very tiring to shoot. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a part he seems to have been born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that the Argentine (ie the first part) was much easier to watch and more "fun" in the film strictly. because he is optimistic. They are winning; the Revolution will succeed. Che is in his element leading a heterogeneous band of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of their defeat. Just as the recent Valkyrie - despite being a good film - was an exercise in witnessing to the heroic failure, I felt the same thing about part two of Che (guerrilla). We know from the beginning that he dies, we know he fails. It is frustrating because, as the story is told, it is obvious from the outset that the promotion of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed; Che is considered a foreign intruder and can not connect with indigenous peoples the way he did with Cubans. It persists stubbornly, which is frustrating to see, because I felt that he should know when to give up and move on to other, perhaps more successful, companies. The film does not romanticize it too much. He kills people, he executes, he fights with his asthma and follows a lost cause long after he should have given up and moved, he leaves a wife alone to raise five children without a father. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent exercise in classic cinema. A note; As he watched the US-trained Bolivian soldiers move en masse to catch Che and his small group of warriors one by one, it reminded me of the end of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said, but I hesitated, thinking that he would find such thoughts banal and out of place. When we left the movie theater, he turned to me and said, "You do not think the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
