Many of the reviews I read reveal that most people tend to like Part One more than Part Two. I feel the exact opposite. Part One touched a bit with trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through different types of films, different locations, and back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution. Most of the time, it was structured in a thin, but somewhat distracting, way. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia and, along with the change of geographical location, the rules and structure change. Space jumps and the exchange between inventories, "documentary realism" and treatises were gone. Instead, we are now literally trapped in a desaturated, uninhabited landscape where the only people out there are too overwhelmed with their lives so anything but survival is an option. I propose that it is the somber turn of Che's life that is the real reason most people prefer Part One to Part Two. <br /> <br /> The change in geographical location also means, at least to me, that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two are actually the first two acts of a three-act structure initiated by Motorcycle Diaries . Motorcycle diaries is Che's majority (or, more appropriately, the coming of ideals) in Argentina, Che: the first part is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: the second part is his downfall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate their life (we are losing their experiences in Guatemala, and more importantly, in my opinion, their Cuban post-revolution executions), but they create a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of their character and nature as a world symbol. It symbolizes idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression, and revolutionary failures in post-World War III post-World War II countries and their impediment to activities such as CIAs intruding. <br /> <br /> But again, all this is projected on the screen, in this case, not through long dialogue scenes and speeches, but through a much more intimate and suffered portrait of Che at the end of his segment and your life. Once again, the rules have changed and in this case it is difficult to say if there was any chance of success. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a difficult place and the desaturated and unstable takes involve the audience in the narrative of people trapped in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs end up being seconded. layer to the despair of hunted people starving. It's not so easy to watch a movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
