Following directly from where the story stopped in the first part, the second half regarding the inevitable fall and the darker side of the man's legacy is just like that. In direct contrast to the first characteristic, the second part represents a change from Che, the pride and glory of a revolutionized country, to the troubled liberator of a country to which he has no prior ties. The change of scenery is not just aesthetic; autumn and spring, the ashes of the woods bring a change of tone and heart to the feature, replacing the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, battered and bruised reality, aligned with a whole new struggle. However, as Che would continue to say, such a struggle is best explained as a struggle. While Part One certainly helped to document this initial rise to the power that the revolutionary guerilla acquired exactly, Part Two takes a much more refined, insensitive, and bleak segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives an assertive portrait that is both poignant and tragic. in a tangible and easy to understand way. <br /> <br /> Although the tone of the film in some ways departs and differs dramatically from Part One, there remains the same documented approach adopted a month ago that avoids melodrama. and manufacturing as much as possible. This somewhat distant and cool approach to telling Che's story and fighting will no doubt divert some viewers; In fact, I still remain secretive about whether the feature itself should have been named by a man, if any, the whole of Che as a whole brings a story that goes beyond mere biography and documents the struggle of a man alongside those who helped carry it along the way. Soderbergh does not try to paint a humanist portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (sorry for the ironic contrast); Che is a slow, reserved, and meditative approach to telling a story lesson that happens to be told by the only man who has undoubtedly led everything. <br /> <br /> However, moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating to the bleak and decadent backdrop of Bolivia to Part Two, the story inevitably assumes a distinctly contrasting tone that does not seem too disjointed of his predecessor, but does enough to give him his own points of reference. Here the basic structure of Part One is echoed back - there is the initial struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those to replace them, while we see some glimpses of the man behind the movement. However, as anyone with the most vague idea of ​​the real story behind the feature will know, Part Two is bound to end on a much more daunting and disturbing note. This difference, in combination with the similarities to Part One, creates a compelling and memorable whole; by all means, both could be digested one of them (and congratulations to Soderbergh for achieving this) and appreciated as they are, but taken as a statement, Che delivers exactly what he sets out to achieve. In fact, everything that made Part One of the treatment that was a month before is still evident here, from the subtle yet engaging performances of the central cast to the slow build, realistic combat scenes structured - the drama inherent to the characters on the screen. so vague and indiscernible, but with such a feature, Part Two again proves that avoiding such elements does not necessarily hinder a movie when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer involved. In fact, in writing this review, I disagreed with whether or not to simply add one or two paragraphs to my initial review of Part One, and to title the review as a whole, though I felt that doing so would only serve to disappoint those who can sit down, to watch the entirety of both films consecutively. <br /> <br /> With that being said, I can not legitimately enact or not Che sustains the task of engaging an audience for his spreading four hours more execution time, but by visualizing the two segments, I can at least attest to ability of each party to do just that. With a reflective and intricate script combined with infinitely mesmerizing photography and subtle performances that do justice to the characters in the movie without drawing attention to themselves, Che Part Two is as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting , reaffirming the apt conclusion to the story pages of the film. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
