Part two picks up ... not where the last movie stopped. As part of the quasi-convention of Steven Soderbergh's epic over four-hour event, Che's two stories are told as classic scenarios of "Ascension" and "Fall." In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving his post of bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in Congo (only mentioned in the film), goes to Bolivia to try to start another revolution of style through the jungle. . Things are not as well planned, probably, because of Che's notorious stature as communist and revolutionary, and partly because of the United States' involvement with the Bolivian government, and, of course, that Castro was not. Che's second part is sadder but, in a way, more sensible than the first part. Which makes sense, since Guevara has to endure the low morale of his men, betrayals of those around him, constant errors of grunts and near peasants, and finally the larger and more comprehensive military force. But what is even sadder is that Guevara, no matter what happens, will not give in. One can see this as an incredible force or a fatal flaw - maybe both - but it is also clear how one begins to see Che, if not fully rounded, then as something of a more sympathetic character. It is true that he killed, executed and felt justified all the way. And yet he begins to work on the viewer in the sense of a primitive level of piety; the sequence in which Guevara's health worsens without remedy, leading to the shocking stabbing of a horse, marks as one of the most memorable and satisfying of any film this year. <br /> <br /> Again, the command of Soderbergh's narrative is strong. , if occasionally a little slow (understandable due to the long running time), and one or two scenes seem totally unfamiliar (Matt Damon?), but these are minor responsibilities. Going this time to the straight-color camera approach, this is almost like a war-style image of pure militia, told with great care for the men of the group, as well as Guevara as the Lord-over of this group, and how things slow down the final scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, in every beat he knows this guy so well - for better or for worse - that he comes as close as possible to the incarnation. Overall, the two parts of Che form an impressive package: the story as drama in attractive style, good for the public even if they do not know Che or, rather, if they do not consider it very well. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
