Ironically, the most talked about American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The extra long film controversy began at the Cannes Film Festival. There were warnings of love and hate and considerable doubts about commercial prospects. As a consolation, the star Benicio Del Toro received the award for Best Actor there. I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's 'Che', of course. This is the name that is happening in this version, shown in New York and Cannes in two segments of 2 hours or more, without opening the title or the final credits. 'Che' is certainly appropriate since Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, hanging reliably on days of glorious first-half victory in months of humiliating defeat in the second half, attractive and sympathetic in all his various manifestations, even disguised as a balding gray-haired man to sneak into Bolivia. . It's a great performance; someone wishes to have a better scenario. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for more than four hours, with a gap between the two sections, there are rewards. There is an authentic feeling everywhere - luckily Soderbergh made the decision to film in Spanish (although some of the actors, curiously in the English segments in particular, are made of wood). You have a good idea of ​​what Che-style guerrilla warfare was: teaching, peasant recruitment, morality, discipline, hardship, and fighting - as well as Che's gradual transformation from company doctor to military leader . The use of a new high-performance 35 mm 35 mm high-quality digital camera that just came on time for shooting allowed DP Peter Andrews and his team to produce rather cold images, but sometimes still sing. always crisp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film is divided into two parts - Soderbergh is calling them two "movies", and the plan is to launch them commercially as such. The first is "The Argentinian," portraying Che's leadership in jungle and city battles that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is "Guerrilla," and worries about Che's failed effort nearly a decade then in Bolivia. revolution, a fruitful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was to have been the original film and was written first and, I think, filmed first. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is more of a thriller, while part one is more of an action movie with great battle scenes. Yes, but both sides have much in common - a lot - since both spend much of their time accompanying the guerrillas through the rugged country. The guerrillas have been an absolute failure since the Bolivian revolt was condemned from the outset. The group of Cubans who tried to lead him did not receive friendly reception from the Bolivian peasants, who suspected foreigners, and considered the Cuban communists to be stupid rapists. There is a third part, a sort of commemorative interval in black and white, composed of Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time but which is interspersed in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is considerably more optimistic, leading to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959 that led to the downfall of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During 'Guerilla' I wondered how this could actually work as a quality European-style miniseries, which could start with an abridged version of Walter Salles's 'Motorcycle Diaries' and take us to the fateful meeting of Guevara with Fidel in Mexico and enlistment on the 26th of July Movement. There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from being a complete picture of man, of his childish interest in chess, of his interest in poetry for life, of the books he wrote; even its international fame is hardly touched. And your cruel and cruel side? What really matters to Soderbergh is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the next four hours is to crawl through woods and forests with wounded and sick men and women and an idealistic dedication to the cause of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned being reminded of "The Tin Red Line" by Terrence Malick, and yes, the sinuous and episodic battle approach is similar; but 'The Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (hardly anyone emerges forcefully beyond Che), and it's a great movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and ill-fated effort. <br /> <br /> This 8 year love work that generates a lot of research (how many more Ocean should pay for it?) is a vanity. project, very long for a regular and very short theatrical version for a miniseries. Radical editing - or great expansion - would have achieved something more successful, and as it is, it's a long hard work, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> Of course, that slogging could have been trimmed. down though it is not so clear what form the resulting film would have taken - but with a little luck it could have been pretty good.
