Ordinarily jumping over everything from the coup in Cuba to his secret entrance into Bolivia, part two of Soderbergh's portrayal of Che Guevara is that of the tragic hero. As with Che? First part, this guerrilla warfare adventure in the mountains of Bolivia is likely to disappoint more people than they please, so why was the film (and particularly Benicio Del Toro's performance) so praised in Cannes? James Rocchi, for example, called this a work of art that is "not just the story of a revolutionary," but "a revolution in itself." Peter Bradshaw, of The Guardian, called it "a faulty masterpiece." Do I come back to my original claim to Part One? that value lies particularly in the representation of a hero figure. And in a time when there is an excess of poor hero models, would not it be salutary to see an extremely honored model, even if removed from some of the less endearing episodes of his life? This is the psychological hero enshrined by the great Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle in his seminal book Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in the middle). But it must genuinely inspire us for higher purposes, a greater purpose. Compare this with the unreal "heroes" of the common Western narrative: where does a person go through trials and tribulations before getting a reward almost impossible to believe? usually eternal love or material wealth? as if by divine studio intervention. Do real heroes have an excess of moral courage? not Lost Ark Dare-devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They rise and empower others to rise, to be the best they can be. In Part One, Che is successful. In part two, it fails. It is not for lack of moral courage, but as a) not all good plans can be successful and b) being human, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed when he equates conditions that justify armed struggle with conditions that make this armed struggle capable of success. It is a gross miscalculation. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. There is an air of mise-en-scene authenticity that was occasionally absent in Che-Part One (The US would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba). The visual delights are heightened by the maximization of natural light and the extreme flexibility and realism offered with innovative Red Cameras. This is a high performance digital cine camera with 35mm film quality and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 lbs. "Shooting with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees the way I see ... so organic, so wonderfully attuned to the most natural of phenomena - the light." If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution, it would have involved him with an almost mystical invincibility. The fact that he fails in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations, but that it is his moral virtues that are remembered, not political triumph. Critics will say? and with some justification - that their armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve the dictatorships of the tin pot. His development of guerrilla fighting tactics is not good or bad in itself (and has since been used for both). <br /> <br /> But despite all its praise, the film often seems to lack dramatic and narrative tension. We stumble from one escapade to another, knowing that he will eventually find his death. I found myself looking at my watch and thinking that it might have been shorter. But the work that went into it? interviews with people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara's former comrades to train actors in the minutiae of Bolivian operations? make the film a commendable achievement. It may not be top-of-the-line entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity by documenting a significant portion of the story. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in Che's "hero" figure here. It's about failure. That, if you try hard, even if you fail, your effort will not have been in vain, as it can give others hope and moral courage. One can cynically call it complex "martyr" and of course, it is found in many religious figures as well. But Che does not "sacrifice." He does what he does best, to the best of his non-negligent ability, and thus provides an example. Success or failure in any particular case become mere details. <br /> <br /> With the long-standing and illegal US blockade of Cuba (all in the name of 'freedom'), I'm tempted to write that Che Parts 1 and 2 are too good to be wasted in the US. But this would be to invite a claim that the film has sought so seriously to avoid. It is to be expected that many spectators will have the ability to see Che without politics and the bias that inevitably engenders. Whatever his faults, he rehabilitates Soderbergh from the absurd populist of Oceans 11. But if you have not heard of Che Guevara or seen Part One, or if you can not get past the phrase 'killer Marxist' without foaming in the mouth, I could struggle to imagine what you would get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have and can.
