Now, I admit that I am not an ardent student of the genre. In fact, I've always tended to shy away from the West because, for all their credit as primordial stories of America (or anything else), they seem to me to forever turn into tiresome retreadings of "shootin 'Injuns," " the big shooting, "or" Hey, let's form a legion! "In other words, it always seemed to me a genre so rooted and connected to the convention that left little room for surprise or originality. (And yes, I've seen at least some of the so-called "big" ones, and unapologetically put them in that negative rating - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and, of course, the infamous [but deeply annoying] Clint Eastwood - Leone teamups in the 60s. But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of a memorial weekend Jimmy Stewart after his death - I finally got it: I understood, at least in theory, what the Western myth has to offer as a serious thematic concern (beyond action and emotion), is the push between lawlessness and order, the American West represented freedom, but also the perspective of the savage, the indomitable. which, of course, meant that perhaps - just maybe - it was not intended for reputable persons, and that the only residents should be the amoral and the cunning, those who handled justice strictly from the barrel from us revolvers, and where they killed or be killed would be the law of the land. In such an environment, of course, true heroes are those who are impetuous and free-spirited enough to be out there (and thus reject "society," at least as it manifests itself on the east coast), and still has enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is simply NOT RIGHT. Capturing and examining this disparity between law and disorder It is, I believe, after seeing this film, the greatest and most true goal of any Westerner. Unfortunately, this is often not the case, as the white hats are completely white, the blacks completely black (and we will not even start talking about the Indians, okay) and there are precious little shades of gray between them. /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant fortune hunter following the trail of miners before him into the Alaskan desert to prospect for gold. He joins it for his long time friend, played by Walter Brennan (maybe the Western cliché character to wipe them out - but still fun here, as ever) - and no one else. Pointedly, they are off by themselves, and while Stewart exhibits his patented charm (come on, we could never really dislike the guy, now could we?), We are left with little doubt that his is basically a self-centered, self -centred character concerned: none of your "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" humanism is allowed to pass. Or rather, it has to be WON, at the end of the photo, in the way I described above. He must confront illegality in himself and consider it against the need for order and justice that are so shamelessly absent in the border town that serves as the starting point of the miners on their golden trail. This town is steadily governed by its perverse sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad guys" performances I have ever seen. He comes with a lot of charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart, which actually takes a while to recognize that he is the bad guy - so when he finally comes in, he does it with double strength. In addition, in establishing a kind of jovial camaraderie (if necessarily watched) between McIntire and Stewart, the film shows the notion of how close they really are - and to what extent a moral distance Stewart needs to walk at the end of the movie I will not pass for all the twists and turns of the plot - see these for yourself (as well as the rugged and gorgeous Alaskan scenery - filmed on location, remember, not cheap painted stills that the studio invented). What is critical here is how much this story focuses on the character, with great dialogue and character interaction replacing the shooting most of the time - although the movie has enough action and adventure to keep it from being static (read: "talky "). Definitely one of the greatest performances I've seen of Stewart, showing that he could play the renegade, the "man of man" as convincingly as the decent and honest guy next door. In fact, his "everyman" qualities lend more force to his characterization, making him appear less mythical or exaggerated - like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and yet another three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well-played: underestimated, but still playing (with a slight suggestion by George and Lenny of "Of Mice and Men" - a totally different type of "western"). <br /> <br /> Surely there are more Westerns to see, but this is for now my favorite, and the standard by which I will necessarily judge everyone else. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
