From the filmmakers who brought us the March of the Penguins, I think it came with high expectations for The Fox and the Child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the exuberant wilderness in France, the narrative now becomes documentary part and fairy tale, which tells the friendship between the two titular characters, Renard the fox and his friendship with the child who baptized him, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is frankly very simple, and sometimes this movie would have looked like the many Japanese movies in which the animals of various children make friends after the development of confidence, and as they walk around one of the another, dealing with their opponents and with their tastes. Here the child finds the elegant fox near his house in the mountains, which provide many perfect shots that a filmmaker will have to overtake to capture. <br /> <br /> But as long as we indulge in a melancholy scenario, the characters can not establish this level of confidence from the outset, and we have to wait a few seasons for the past and 45 minutes for the movie, before they find a leveler in the food. The child tries persistently to create a bond with the aim of taming the creature for its own amusement, but the fox, well, like other notions, of course. Although I found the narrative very weak, unlike the March of the Penguins, which has this human narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what stood out most were the documentary elements of the film, tracing the life and times of fox as a predator. and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, more tension and drama were given to the latter, especially when dealing with traditional enemies like wolves, and we ensured that these sequences were quite intense, especially when the child became involved in it. Otherwise, it was easy and very annoying when the two played with each other in scenes that you know have gone through some movie magic editing. There were surprisingly dark moments in the movie that were not really suitable for children, as those in the same room witnessed this screaming suddenly, so, parents, you might want to take note and not let your child disturb you. Like a movie, I would rather it was a The March of the Penguins, but I think the way he resented it was probably meant to alert us not to intrude on nature, and that some things simply are not meant to be, and should remain as such . Decent movie that relied on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and the multiple foxes that represented Renard.
