THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by French filmmaker Luc Jacquet, from MARCH OF THE PENGUINS. The film, which has only one human being in its cast, young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of the rather rare, though apparently believable, relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Documentary about nature and fairy tale in part, the film focuses on L'Infant, the child, who one day stumbles upon the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting, possibly France, although the exact location is never mentioned. In the coming weeks, the child revisits the spot where he met his hopeful fox that one of the days when she will see the fox referred to, which she begins to call Lily once again. And so it goes. The days turn into weeks, and then the summer disappears, turning to autumn and then to winter, providing superb cinematography of the extensive white winter landscape. Finally, spring comes back and the child finds its fox and, in fact, befriends the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little or no expectation for THE FOX AND THE CHILD. I had seen MARCH OF THE PENGUINS and was simply amazed by the movie production contained in that movie. Luc Jacquet is an extremely talented and really rare filmmaker, and I was expecting a superb and breathtaking cinematography, sweeping views and brilliant images of wildlife. This was delivered in swords. But here Jacquet has a credit for writing on the screen, and without knowing anything about the film before the screening, I expected something a little different from what had been seen previously in 'March'. A fictional story. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and walks to school, seemingly alone, every day, seemingly careless in the seemingly perfect world. Without the insinuation of an adult in sight. Bright. So she befriends a fox. <br /> <br /> With a movie like that, you have to discard your opinion about the film and put yourself in the place of the target audience. This is a film that is aimed directly at kids from the age of, say, six or more. Or for families who enjoy a movie trip with their race on a humid Sunday afternoon. It's not a 31-year-old man who gets his kicks from movies like the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But as the newcomer to London, I put myself in the shoes of an eight-year-old girl for the 95 or more minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD. Now, I have some problems with this movie. As a 31 year old boy and loyal lover of all things cinematographic, I loved wildlife and landscape photography. It's visually stunning. The direction of the animal characters is brilliantly executed - as well as you'll find in any of the efforts of Attenborough. As a short, impressionable, eight-year-old, I loved the first half hour-then I lost interest. It's a bit repetitive and in places quite distressing and bloody scary for a younger child, particularly the rather dark end. As a 31 year old man - I was a bit scared in some places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a children's movie. It's not really an adult movie and I felt a bit disappointed. Is it a good family movie? It depends. It's educational, maybe, and the movie has a message. It's definitely not a movie that I would pay the sweaty green to go see and I'm breaking my head to try and recommend it to a certain type of moviegoer. It's difficult but I know some will see and fall in love with this movie. It is very European in feel and certainly if you are a fan of wildlife themed movies, give it a try. I'm not sure? Well, I would expect the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
