I really wanted to like this movie and I do not think I was disappointed. Being a professor of American History, I almost felt the obligation to see this film and, as far as history was concerned, it was not bad. Of course there were some mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline - the movie only appeared to last a few months or maybe a year - no more than six years of actual fighting), but the overall spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a nonsensical subplot involving a novel difficult to believe between a poor patriot and a wealthy legalist. Most of the time this really served to distract the overall plot and just seemed "nailed" - as a plot device rather than a true romance of honesty for good. In fact, so much of the novel boiled down to the stupid cliché of "love at first sight," it was kind of boring the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> However, despite this novel, the film is really interesting and inspiring - but in so many ways, it looks like the movie later, THE PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie !!! Both films followed the exploits of an evil leader fighting for the British and using horrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both having the secret intention of using it as a "stepping stone" to start their own nation in America !!! The only big difference is that this movie is set in the North and PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It would certainly have been good if Mel Gibson and the rest had recognized their debt to D. W. Griffith for the ideas of the story. It simply does not seem very likely that the two stories were created independently of each other. PS - Although I like this movie and other Griffith films, it deserves once more "Burn in Hell" because having White actors portrays all the black servants in the movie! This is a sickly and intolerant thing Griffith has done in many of his films - especially in the BIRTH OF A NATION. I have to assume based on this and on how he portrays the Blacks that he was OK with slavery and was a great apologist for this "quaint institution" (do not be mad at me - that means sarcasm).
