I waited until July 4 to write this because. . . good . . . because it seems good to do it this day. In 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a coup, he had not had a big problem since the TEMPESTY ORPHANS (1921). He had been working steadily ever since, but his films were smaller and failed to hit audiences with the audience. He was planning a movie about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by members of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR), who asked him if he could expand his ideas to encompass the American Revolution. This movie is the result. When he finished, he had a history lesson of 14 reels and there was no trace of Patrick Henry anywhere. <br /> <br /> We all know the history of the Revolutionary War but Griffith played a love story with Farmer Patriot Nathan (Neil Hamilton) falling in love with the aristocrat Tory Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, a Griffith protagonist for many years ). Complicating things is the fact that Nancy's father hates Nathan. . . well, not just Nathan, he hates all the rebels. It does not help at all when, during a skirmish in the streets of Lexington, someone pushes Nathan's arm causing him to unload his weapon and accidentally injured Nancy's father! <br /> <br /> Paralleling the love story is (mostly true, but partially embellished) story of Captain Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore) a renegade British officer who feels he owes no loyalty to anyone. With thousands of Indians forming the six nations on his side, he hopes to crush the settlers and become the monarch of his own empire. <br /> <br /> Comparisons with the birth of a nation (1915) are inevitable. The Montague family might well be Cameron's from the previous film, while Nathan could be part of the Stoneman family. The sequence of the Battle of Bunker Hill is staged very much like a NATIONAL BIRTH scene with the attacking army, in this case the Redcoats, invading a trench full of Patriots. The only thing missing is Henry Walthall charging Nobody's Land to stick a flag in the barrel of a cannon. Strangely enough, the battle scenes in America do not seem to have the energy of battle scenes at BIRTH and do not appeal to the audience. Something is clearly missing. No scope, G.W. "Billy" Bitzer's camera work is very good. Maybe what is missing is. . . I dare say that. . . sincerity? <br /> <br /> The brutality of Captain Butler and his men is well emphasized, though much of what happens in the long shot or off the screen. Do not expect any head to be cut close as we saw in INTOLERANCE (1916). In one scene, Butler is the second in command, Captain Hare (Louis Wolhiem) plucks the eyes of a captive settler. We see only the beginning of the action, while the rest the camera focuses on Hare's face, as he obviously has fun doing it. Lionel had worked with Griffith since 1912. It is reported that he approached Griffith to work, and D. W., knowing the reputation of his famous family, said: "I am not hiring theater actors." to which Lionel replied "And I am nothing of that, sir!" He makes a very good and quite believable villain. Louis Wolhiem appeared with Lionel's elder brother, John, three times; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE (both 1920) and then TEMPEST (1927). Like Captain Hare, his wild eyes and unkempt hair do not just mark him as a villain, but they also make you think he's crazy, too. <br /> <br /> Neil Hamilton later commented that America was the first time he rode. I was afraid of death. "He hides his displeasure very well, and we may believe he was the knight when the shooting was over. Mr. Griffith was very much in love with Carol Dempster and at one point asked him to marry with her. <br /> <br /> She declined and soon left her stock company, after which her star status gradually declined. Speaking of horses, an accidentally entertaining moment that had to be unscrted came during the Paul Revere's ride.He rides his horse on the front porch of a family to announce "to arms! The regulars are coming! "But when he tries to leave, the horse can not negotiate backward steps and stumbles by spilling his knight on the ground! I am impressed that Griffith did not do anything else. is a classic? YES! Do not wait for July 4th to see, it's nice at any time.
