Beautiful young Eva (Hedy Lamarr) marries an older man (Zvonimir Rogoz). Unfortunately he can not satisfy her sexually and ignores her. Frustrated she goes home and plans to get a divorce. Then one day, she is slim dipping into a lake in the middle of the forest. Your horse gallops with your clothes ... and she runs after him! She meets young and very handsome Adam (Aribert Mog). They make love and she realizes that this is the man she wants. <br /> <br /> ENDING SPOILER !!!! Of course, since this was done in 1933, she has to be punished for her sin, so this leads to a tragic ending. END OF SPOILER !!!! <br /> <br /> This horrified people in 1933, but it is very meek by today's standards. Lamarr's naked swimming shows nothing and when she runs after the fully bare horse, is shown in an extreme shot or is covered by twigs and such. There are only a few minor shots of her breasts. Also when she has sex with Mog, nothing is shown beyond her face, but you see her reach an orgasm. These scenes were considered quite extreme in their day and were completely cut off from the American release. Now, they're back today. This movie would go with a PG-13 easily now. <br /> <br /> Side shock episodes, this is OK. It's beautifully filmed and there is no dialogue. Except for the score, this may be a silent image. Luckily all the actors are good - Lamarr and Mog especially and they are so appealing that they just leave you breathless watching them. Also, the sequence in which they make love is easily one of the most beautiful sequences you've ever seen in a movie. The scenes with the sexual symbolism (there are some of them) are unfortunately pretty obvious nowadays. I really started to laugh during one of them! So great direction, beautiful pictures, attractive actors, good acting everywhere - but I was not exactly impressed with it. I found the film slow (beautiful pictures do not make a picture for me), a little boring, obvious, static and had a negative end. I can live with the ending, but that does not excuse the other problems I had with it. Also the final sequence is REALLY strange - and out of place. So I admire this movie more than anything else. It was well done and I recommend it, but with caution. Many people seem to love this movie, so I'm in the minority. Use your own judgment.
