In 1930, Europe was shocked when Luis Bunuel's L'Age Dor was released, causing a rebellion in Paris when it was shown there, resulting in its banning for over forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe overcame the shock, it was once again connected with "Ekstase", a kind of symphony to love. The film starred an unknown young German actress named Hedwig Kiesler who later changed her name to Hedy Lamarr when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler as Eva, a young bride who has just married a cold, distant husband without love (played by Emil Jerman) only to find that she made a big mistake. A divorce later, Eva is free and extravagant and is out one day, plunging into a lake, when she discovers Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who is a real fantasy for her (and she, he). After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband appears again, hoping to retrieve Eva, only to discover that he now has a rival. I'm not going to ruin what happens. The Czech director Gustav Machaty (who directed the original version of 'Madame X', another parable of the romantic obsession) is based on the script by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, of Robert Horky's novel. The film's velvety cinematography (which reminds me of photographer Avant Garde, the Man Ray photos of the time, who use plenty of light and shade, is a lot) is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich). The film's rapid edition is by Antonin Zelenka and the art direction of the films, which has a lush look and almost Art Deco, is by Bohumil Hes). If I have any peculiarities about this film, it is the soundtrack of Giuseppe Becce, which gives an exaggerated and melodramatic touch that ages rapidly (certain themes are repeated over and over again, it is welcome, fast --- as some of the types of David Lean on the use of certain musical themes, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr. Zivago'). A few years ago, a new restored copy was composed of the best source material, gathered from various engravings in Europe, restoring it to what is possibly the closest version of what it originally appeared before the Vatican condemned it. decadent "(yes, right ... like the Church never did anything wrong), and the Hayes office cut the tapes, when it was finally released in the US in 1936, in an approved court" Hayes Office "(likewise). A minor dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was supposed to be a mostly visual experience.) Not classified but contains that infamous nude skinny scene by Hedy Lamarr (tastefully done, remember) and some sexual content suggestions (from the same form) that would hardly give you a PG-13 rating nowadays.It is worth looking if you have some interest in early European cinema, or Avant Garde / Experimental cinema
