I can not comment on this movie without discussing its meaning for me personally. As a child, bad health prevented me from going to a movie theater. I first encountered films at the end of World War II through the splendid book "Film" by Roger Manvilles, which brought me as much pleasure as my health began to improve so I would like to buy another copy to reread today. My introduction to many classic films like The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (the magnificent documentary of Grierson), Metropolis, The Office of Dr. Caligari and Ecstasy; came first through this book and later in my college film. The ecstasy provoked the ire of the Vatican, for tolerating Emil's desertion of Eve, her later divorce, and the brief dip she received in the chandelier, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial matters and discussed the film as a triumphant, extraordinarily beautiful and visual. to love - a view echoed by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I gladly agreed. No other opportunity to see ecstasy emerged until the introduction of home videos - until then it had become a precious memory not to be disturbed. Recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found that assessment very superficial. Ecstasy is much more a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw, in his aggressively agnostic writings, used to call the "Life Force." <br /> <br /> The ecstasy portrays a young bride marrying a middle-aged man whose sexual desire is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and divorces him. Soon after, she experiences a strong mutual attraction for a young man she meets when riding. She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband can not face rejection and gives the young man an elevator in his car, with the intention that a passing train will kill the two in a level crossing. But the train stops in time and the apparently ill driver is taken to recover at a nearby hotel, where he commits suicide after firing himself. After these exciting climactic sequences, an insipid, predictable and almost inevitable end emphasizes that while individual human lives exhibit joy and tragedy, collectively life continues to carry us forward in its current and only by contributing to that current can we be truly happy. This story is banal, the acting is not more than adequate; and usually such a movie would have gone missing in the trash, like most of its contemporaries, long ago. What gave ecstasy its classic status is exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyric track and a very careful loving direction, combined with something fortuitous, but in very important cinematographic terms - appeared soon after the introduction of the sound and was probably intended as a film mute He is under-titled and his director has explored the impact of brief verbal sequences that accompany some subtitles, and occasionally breaking the score that so lovingly takes the film forward. This makes it not only almost exclusive but extremely rewarding to watch. The parable of the tale is emphasized continually, but so subtly, that only when we reflect after the vision does one become fully aware of it. For example, the names - Eve and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on her wedding night, which shows that trivialities have become the most important thing in her life and predict her eventual suicide, since he does not have an adequate purpose to support it; the continuous series of beautiful sequences showing erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key entering a lock, a necklace breaking during Eve's virginal love sequence with Adam, etc.); and the post-suicide final sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but serve to exalt the importance for individuals to perform some kind of work that positively contributes to society as well as create a new life to sustain that society afterwards of ourselves. Like a 1933 film I'd rate it 9 - even comparing it to contemporary works, I would not reduce it below 8. For me, the film will always be a "must see" (although you might feel it that my previous observations indicate some bias in this judgment). Unfortunately in North America, contemporary ratings of this film were distorted by the extreme reaction of the 1930s to the very brief and relatively unimportant scene of Hedy Kiesler, who had difficulty living in Hollywood (some critics, who clearly did not see classic films as Hypocrites, Hula, Back to God's Country, Bird of Paradise or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, erroneously referred to this as the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have been very little different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two additional thoughts; Firstly, this is a Czech film, released in 1933. His final message about the hard work generating positive benefits for society must have seemed very superficial to his viewers when, a few years later, his country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was virtually destroyed. at least two generations (I do not remember those sequences being tested shortly after the war when I first saw this movie - they were removed from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, for me, the main message today is that things of true beauty are often very transient, even if their memory remains one for the rest of their lives. We should all thank that some of them today can be captured on camera and viewed again at our convenience.
