First, let's get the "buzz" out of the way. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and movies were a perfect way for many to see their beauty on screen. Here we have Hedy as a brand-new girl. -faced 20-year-old speaking in his native Austrian. I recently bought an uncensored version of this 1990 classic from 1932/3. Yes, we see a brief close-up of Hedy naked from the waist up, but although she filmed the swimming scenes and runaway bare horse, director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of twigs, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show her, do so in this famous scene; so do not imagine that there are lascivious closes or brooches. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nay, wears his clothes all the time. It is quite daring for today, but how much it seems harmless in the eyes of 2003. <br /> <As other reviews learned have stated, this film must be looked at for the imagination, expressionism and allegorical statements that it makes with images of drops of water forming a ripple on the surface of a pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. Sweet sound strings run most of the length of "Extase" and the film has a "feel" of transition between the silence and the sound in its direction and concept. The script is highly minimalist and economical and the story is mostly transmitted through facial and body gestures with just a few words from German spoken by actors with English subtitles below. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in the general lyric vein that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> Put very simply this is the story of a young girl wh the house with a much older man (why are we never informed and what does Eve see in it? Money?), who then gets stuck in a marriage without consummation and without love. She then returns to her father leaving her husband and father to lie to her son-in-law. After a ride on her horse, Eva decides to take a dip in the chandelier and carries her clothes in the saddle of her horse. However, her horse gets romantic notions himself and gallops to greet his stablemate. Hedy hustles off the bare pond and tries to retrieve his mount, but an engineer at work sees and recovers the horse, then looks around at his owner. And so the novel is born husband. His husband seeing that his rival should win Eva, later decides to kill himself but I thought this was somewhat illogical and his main weakness bearing in mind his previous loveless relationship with Eve. of being a 1990 reissue title on VHS, the sound being 70 years old, is a bit soft and with background chitterings, in keeping with films of its age. grief period our handsome boyfriend obviously is so in love with Eva, he imagines her as a mother with a child, so we have to assume that they live happily ever after. Just let the picture go through you and disillusion your mind from the style of the movies, even from the late 1930's vintage. This is a lyric piece that can be enyoyed for its own sake and not just for its catchy title. I gave 7 / 10.
