(There is no need to recapitulate the plot, since others have already.) It is understandable that many viewers find flaws in the film, resurrected as we are with the impact sensor of today's cineplex experience. Against this background, a film like ecstasy seems to have come from another planet. I think there are several valid reasons for this. More importantly, the film unfolds poetically as the camera moves slowly over hills, trees, clouds, etc., providing a serene and lyrical sense of a natural environment. world that integrates man and woman into his flock. Together, they reveal a style and a dimension almost totally absent from today's technology-driven cinema, where rapid editing works to divert the attention of the audience and not to focus it. In addition, the story is transmitted with an eye and not an ear, almost without dialogue to explain what is happening. This amounts to another extreme deviation from the very literal rate of today, in which visuals only seem to count when they excite the public. But perhaps the most disturbing - the film is sometimes frighteningly quiet, not in the sense that silent films are silent, as we expect them to be. But in the sense that the characters rarely talk when we wait. Thus, the weight of the story is shared between the filmmaker and the viewer. The first must choose his visual artistically to convey the narrative, while the latter must think about these visuals, since they will not be explained. <br /> None of this is meant to belittle the movie today. -do. It is simply to point out that a film like that of Machaty comes from a very different aesthetic than we have today. I do not pretend to be better or worse. However, I contend that ecstasy represents a perspective that is lacking in today's cinematic experience, where such contemplative values ​​are routinely dismissed as slow and boring. <br /> <br /> The film itself is not a masterpiece, although it sometimes reaches artistic heights, as in the beautifully composed beer garden scene, with its final crane rising to reveal the exquisite picture below. The slow pots of the field with its pantheistic celebration of life, nature and regeneration are also wonderfully expressed. These are the kinds of scenes that do not dominate him, but instead-given a chance-instead, they accumulate silently in an experience as memorable in their own way as the chilling variety of a "jaw." <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the film is sometimes heavy, as when Machaty creates the images, particularly in the final sequence of ode-to-labor. It's hard to know what to do with this disturbing presence. Perhaps the symbolism has to do with the heroic dimension that the hard work reserves for the loving hero and for the people in general - theme then promoted by the influential Soviet cinema. Still, their presence here is quite tediously over-done. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I have to admit that I tuned in initially to see the beautiful Hedy LaMarr in the chandelier. But now I have to admit that in the process I also have much more than just a hide-and-seek joke in the woods.
