I can understand how filmmaker Roman Polanski's fans could love this movie - and I could understand how some could totally hate him (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people were not running out of the movie). After a first screening, I'm not sure if I could fall into any category, however, as someone who does not get tired of Kafka and bizarre gloomy comedies of paranoia, The Tenant is effective enough for its runtime. Or maybe not, this is one of those cases where it might have been more of a masterpiece if it was a half-hour episode in Twilight Zone, with Serling delivering the coda as Terkovsky (or whoever it is?)? in your bed in wraps. It is very similar in the treatment of the protagonist condemned as repulsion was, however, it could be argued that there was more ambiguity, more of a sense of the surreal coming out through a sustained disintegration of character and location (and frankly, As it is, The Tenant has an intriguing premise, the kind one does not tire of telling other people: Polanski is a Polish emigre to Paris who takes an apartment that was recently acquired by Simone Choule, who jumped for his death near the window and died shortly afterwards.But the other tenants are conservative to the maximum in terms of noise, after a Saturday night in Terkovsky with some friends, there are complaints of a lot of noise.This will not happen again, says Polanski's humorous but slightly nervous tenant, but there is no peace either in moving a closet or a chair.Then complaints are filed against another tenant, but of him? register complaints? This is a case of not very mistaken identity, but of a lack of peace of mind with oneself and the people around. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski adds to the tension (and, I dare say, black comic laughter) showing Terkovsky in the midst of a horrible dream - one of Polanski's strongest scenes of the period - and finding teeth on the wall. , not to mention the bathroom on the other side of the path (which, I might add, is always a cinematic lynch of horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But somehow, the film never seems so significant of its excessive design as a supposedly magical machine, with the tenants of Terkovsky only seeming not to be what they seem for a while: there is not so much suspense when they find out that they really are not willing to leave. it, which makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice I also thought of myself: Why did Polanski take the title role for himself? It's not that he's a bad actor, and he has appeared in several films and plays that are not in his own direction. But besides being great at looking clumsy and tense, like in church, or in your freaking moments when you think they really want to kill you, your transformation is less scary than ironic. , a test of himself to see if he can, which he does not entirely. Although Polanski worked well to look like the meek and worn-out Terkovsky, I could see at least a few other actors who could do this more subtly and affect the personality. The moment someone sees him in the drag, he stands between the real and the true camp, particularly when he goes to double climax at the end (which, of course, is of little surprise). <br /> <br /> And there's still pleasure for the film fan and Polanski to see the supporting cast try to dig up the much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do their best, even if they have to struggle through limited characters ), and unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani getting hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when he gets really drunk, or in an almost random scene where he hits a boy near a fountain, they are quite bright on themselves. It's a very good movie, and it might catch my eye when in many cafes after midnight. But an essential movie? Not exactly.
