One thing I'm sure everyone who has seen this movie will agree is that it's very scary. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also scary, but they're all different in what makes them scary, but they all deal with the same thing, they all deal with the mind. Definitely the people who look are very scary, each one of them caused shivers in the spine that left me unable to remain still. Again, if you've seen the other two movies mentioned, I'm sure you'll find this quite scary because you start expecting typical Polanski traits that you think caught, he's aware of this and will continue teasing you. with simple things, personally, every time Trelkovsky turned slowly, I was preparing for a jump, maybe it was just me, but it seemed that I intended to do this, although it is very subtle, there is no formation of the music in those moments. <br /> <br /> The acting in this was very good, especially Polanski's, of course, the other characters in the film did not have that much time to overshadow the lead. Polanski really turns out to be a great filmmaker, not only can he direct and write great films, but he can also act. I do not think there's anyone else who could have taken out Trelkovsky's character, Polanski fit perfectly. I like watching movies where the director is also separated from the main cast, for me this really highlights his fantastic versatility and talent, which I respect a lot. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, financed by Americans, and also to make it more commercially successful, was done mainly in English. There are parts that it is very obvious that there was dubbing, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 of the time when there is a dub they get the wrong person complete to do the dub. There is a woman in the movie that when she speaks it is obvious that it is a dub but they have the most annoying person to do the narration, it was seriously pain for my ears to hear her speak, she had the loudest loud I heard at one time it almost seemed false, but I do not see what the point was, she was a small character. I'd sincerely prefer it if they just left it as it was filmed, parts of it in French and parts of it in English, because the dubbing in that movie was a pain and was not near (two completely different films, I know) The good, the bad, and the ugly. I realize it's not a big problem, just when you realize it, it gets annoying, but I'm sure you will not stay there for too long trying to read what they're actually saying regardless of whether you know French. <br /> <br /> What is so good about Polanski is that he will let you think that you know him, that you know his style, that in some ways you do, but actually can not see the that is behind that corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which I think really strengthens this in particular. I personally feel this is the best of the three, not sure which one comes next but they are all relatively close in on their level of greatness. The end is fantastic, it's so easy to slow it down for too long and not get anywhere. I choose not to think too much about it, just to take my personal opinion and leave it at that. <br /> <br /> I digress, and I really did not have any idea what makes this movie so great, I do not think, so I'll quickly do it here. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you'll like this movie to say the least. For those who are very unhappy to have seen or else I recommend you check this movie out if you are looking for something that is a scary movie that is quite clever, particularly the end, also if you are looking for something that deals with the mind , even paranoia, although this is best adjusted under Repulsion.
