Here is the example of a movie that was not well received when it was made, but whose position seems to be increasing in time. 'The Tenant' is a very interesting work by Polanski, one of the first of his European exile. It is happening in Paris, and like in many other films of exile, the city, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place, play an important role. It's only fair that Polanski chooses his main character not to be an American (as in "Frantic", for example), but a Pole, as he was when he went west. There are, in fact, many personal comments in this film, made in what must have been a crisis moment in the director's life, and the fact that he has decided to play the leading role (and masterfully) can also be seen as a type of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It is in a way a circular story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in the old Parisian building, inhabited by what appears to be first a well-assorted team of old, moody or simply ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the apartment window, and Trelkovsky has just the time to visit her in the hospital before she dies and find there her young and beautiful friend Stella (an Isabelle Adjani of glasses in her first role after of Truffaut's L'Histoire d'Adele H. Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it's a conspiracy to drive him crazy, or to get him into the life and role of the dead girl.He fights, It's not the most believable story we could have seen or heard, but the strength of the movie does not lie. in history, but in the details of psychology, in the slow degradation of the mental state of the hero, in the permanent game of balance between reality and illusion.To a certain extent, it is not what happens on the screen that matters, remembering the classic "Knife in the Water" made m more than a decade before, at the end of Polanski's Polish period. There are many details that are never explained, but that's how mystery movies should be, and that's how life sometimes is. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the last part of the film are not very well executed, and the spoken English dialogues almost neutralize the general atmosphere. However, waiting for the final punch scene is worth a lot of patience. <br /> <br /> It's not the best film Polanski ever made, but it has lots of good parts, it shows the director's hand and style, and it was a significant step in building his career.
