I once watched The Tenant and played it like a horror movie. He uses many of the tropes of the genre: the sinister apartment, suspicious neighbors, apparitions, mysteries, hallucinations. The hero's life, Trelkovsky, seemed surrounded by malevolent secret forces that tried to drive him mad. The last time I watched, I challenged this initial interpretation. If this movie is a horror movie, it's just horror in the sense that a Kafka novel is horror. In fact, this movie can be understood on a literal level as a lone man slowly becoming crazy without any outside influence. Polanski has made in his career three films dealing with madness: Repulsion, which I do not particularly like because the development of madness in heroin never convinced me; Rosemary's Baby, in which heroin is driven mad by the forces of evil; and The Tenant, which may be the best study of paranoia ever made in the movies. <br /> <br /> Trelkovsky is a young man who rents an apartment in which a woman killed herself. He becomes obsessed with her and slowly begins to become her: he wears her clothes, makeup, talks like her. But is he being possessed by a spirit, or is he just letting his wild imagination get the better of him? It is this hesitation between what is real and imaginary, and which Polanski never solves, which makes this film so fascinating. Many events in the film can be attributed to the supernatural as easily as possible to normal causes, and it is up to the viewer to decide on what to believe. <br /> <br /> Although this is not my favorite film by Polanski, however, it is a good example of his ability to create suspense and portray the madness in very convincing terms. And technically speaking, it's a wonder too. Suffice it to say that he collaborates with film composer Philippe Sarde and the legendary cinematographer Sven Nykvist (DP Bergman) in the production of this film. A slow pace and sometimes uninteresting segments can make this movie difficult to enjoy, but it is an experience nonetheless.
