When this movie was released in 1976, the legend says it was met with great derision and scorn - it was widely considered a failure. I vividly remember Ebert giving him a star and allegedly was booed at Cannes. <br /> <br /> Apparently, these people did not understand the film, which is not difficult to understand, since it is very esoteric, dark and layered. in ways that still surprise me. Reading through many of the reviews here I find (even after about 7-8 views over the years) many elements of the film that I had previously covered. But even without much understanding of the psychological underpinnings of the story, it is still a suspension ... even if you bring paranoia and persecution that surpasses Polanski's title as a tsunami wave over two hours of racing. Examining the source material - an excellent novel by the underrated novelist Roland Topor - discovers more intriguing layers. Polanski's Trekovsky is a milquetoast of the highest order. Although he seems at first to be more of a daily soul, one gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seem to wander aimlessly through life, letting that direct him. He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes. He finds himself gently pushed back and forth, but it seems he never gets too out of shape. This vague kind of impertinence is more noticeable in the novel than in the movie, but there are clues to this at the beginning of the film as well. Doing a play for a woman's apartment, a Mademouiselle Choule, who is in hospital recovering from a recent suicide attempt, seems to be the boldest thing he has ever tried (even bargaining the price of the deposit in the bargain). He soon discovers, however, that he is paying for his "good stuff" in more ways than he cares, for he finds himself at the center of the whirlpool created by a building full of neurotics, control freaks who are hypersensitive even at the slightest sign . of human life, like a step at night or a knock on the door. <br /> <br /> Instead of taking a stand, Trelkovsky becomes increasingly alienated by the situation, and overcome by paranoia and a sense of persecution. . He becomes obsessed with Choule, imagining himself as she, dressing herself like her, etc., while her own personality quickly begins to be erased by her own insanity. <br /> <br /> If anyone has ever doubted Polanski's fearlessness as an artist, they would be well advised to watch this film. His trademark black humor is prominent (and sometimes embarrassing) on ​​display here and - God bless him - he becomes the target of it. It's a tour de force performance in one of the richest, most risky, and most gothic horror films of all time. That more people have not seen this is a real crime.
