After his classic film noir homage Chinatown, Roman Polanski returned to the themes that gave him his biggest hits in the '60s with that creepy psychological terror that, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, deals with the paranoia and claustrophobia generated by apartment living. >> The claustrophobic environments are what Polanski is the best to create, and this must be the most suffocating and confined image he has ever created. The emphasis on sidewalls and distant vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in the small number of external scenes, the sky is rarely glimpsed. But The Tenant is not only spatially confined, but also in the intensity with which it focuses on its protagonist. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself is not just in every scene, he is in almost every scene. When it is not on the screen more often than not the camera becomes Trelkovsky's point of view. And of course almost everywhere he looks and sees his own reflection looking at him in the mirror. <br /> <br /> I can not think of any movie that is more about the internalization and solitude of a character. Some psychological thrillers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to feel sorry for the mentally ill protagonist. Others, such as Psycho, attempt an in-depth scientific analysis of their mental condition. Does not the tenant fit into any of these categories? simply plunges us completely into Trelkovsky's experience, without requiring us to understand or appreciate what is going on inside his head. We feel their paranoia and obsession, although we are constantly being told that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski also mastered the slow-moving horror film. Often, in their horrors, there is an ambiguity about the existence of something sinister, but they are among the most effective in frightening audiences. Because? Precisely because they unfold so slowly and spend so much time in meticulously creating situations that immerse the viewer into paranoia. A much later, Polanski horror, The Ninth Gate is a bit of a mess, but at least it still manages to attain that sense of fear. <br /> <br /> This is a rare opportunity to see Polanski himself in an important role. His talent on the front of the camera was as good as behind, and he is absolutely perfect as the meek Trelkovsky. Another outstanding performance is Shelley Winters, who is very neglected as a concierge. In fact, it's a stellar cast, although many of the familiar faces seem out of place in this strange European Gothic film. Also, unfortunately, many of the French actors in supporting roles are atrociously nicknamed in the English version. The Tenant is more polite and less pretentious than Repulsion, but lacks the suspense and character that make Rosemary's Baby. so captivating and fun. The Tenant is good, no major flaws, and Polanski was really in his best form as a director, but it's not among his most exciting works.
