Anthony Mann's westerns with Jimmy Stewart are slowly gaining that director a position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director of that genre. He certainly knows how to give dimension to the cool guy Stewart - in Mann's films there is an edge to Jimmy that is slowly demonstrated to the public. In WINCHESTER '73, it was Stewart's relationship with his brother and how he turns him into a figure of revenge. Here is an attitude of "I only trust in myself," which leads to one complication after another. Even before the film started properly he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his hired cowboys who were assisting a cattle drive to Seattle because of some dispute (it's never clear about this - either they wanted to leave the cattle unit, or they tried to steal the cattle). <br /> <br /> He finds his departure in Skagway, the port he has to take to take his flock to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a lawman named Gannon (John McIntyre), who resembles one of Skagway's true bosses in the "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have been as contemptible as Gannon in turning every opportunity into a chance to make some money. Stewart's herd interrupted a public hanging - then (as a fine fine) the herd is confiscated (to be sold later by Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is Ben's partner (Walter Brennan - who strangely won his last Oscar as the role of Judge Roy Bean). They also join Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, the sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and considerate Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but helped Jeff flee the authorities in Seattle. However, she has a similar attitude "I just trust myself" to Jeff. She offers him a job to get supplies for Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (while the others are sleeping) they come back and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns that Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff holds Gannon long enough for the cattle herd to be brought to the Canadian border, though Gannon points out that since Jeff has to return through Skagway, Gannon can wait until he hangs him. <br /> <br /> The reunited part of Rhonda and Jeff split the trail to lead Dawson, Jeff choosing a longer and safer route. After he's right, they go their way and come to Dawson only to discover that there is an element without law that threatens the community due to the gold fields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee begin prospecting. There are soon two groups in the town of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But the Mounties are not going to set up a station in Dawson for months. The other, centered around Rhonda's dancehall, is in collusion with Gannon, who has a vast scheme of jumps with his gang of gunmen (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in a sequel to Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to avoid the two, and go with his new fortune and Ben to a ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And Jeff will remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are wonderful here, including Stewart as a man who is willing to face every corner, but otherwise would be peaceful enough. Brennan is playing one of her old patented codgers, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flippen is a drunkard at first, but tragedy and responsibility lead him to a better frame of mind - and one who has a chance to stab Stewart verbally in the heart using Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre would achieve television stardom in WAGON TRAIN replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his skills as a villain (like his trade-trade opportunist who excels at WINCHESTER '73). He is, as it is said elsewhere in this topic, really despicable - but has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunist and human whose fate is determined by his best feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a "Gigi" frontier aware that she is more than a young girl, but a beginner woman. <br /> <br /> The best of all is the background of the Canadian Rockies - wonderful on its way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann certainly did a front-line job directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
