This is mainly a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). She instantly likes Jeff in a brief encounter on the ship's deck for Skagway, and a longer look as he lurks in his cabin while authorities come to him on a murder charge. They discover they have some things in common besides an animal attraction. Neither of them trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both were married to spouses who betrayed them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda clearly has close relationships with corrupt sheriff Gannon and engages in some obscure practices in his castle hall in Skagway. She eventually has to decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, René, a naïve French girl, also immediately likes Jeff, but only receives insults in return. However, she stays with him on his trips from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Ronda, she helps him regain health after Jeff is left dead by the Gannon gunmen in his claim for gold. Walter Brennan, like Ben, is Jeff's long-time helper. It does not play a big role, but serves to soften the edges of Jeff. His death symbolically opens the door to a surrogate woman of Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) probably makes the most charismatic head of the evil city you'll see in the movie, exuding charm and humor to go along with your bullying. Of course, he sees something of himself in Jeff, repeatedly declaring that he will like him. He makes a credible incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his later years in Skagway as one of the leading con artists of his day. <br /> Jeff is the quintessential anti-hero, a loner (except for Comrade Ben) who does not want to be left out to others, even when he knows he's the right man for the job. In this respect, he looks very much like the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. So Jeff not only rejects Dawson's marshal's job, he is convinced to let Dawson after the Gannon gang come in with clear intentions to take up the insufficiently legal claims of gold while discarding some miners and suggesting that others do a rushed work. leave Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff make a hasty exit from Dawson while they are still alive. So, Jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently still has a desire for revenge for the shooting of Ben and himself. He changes from anti-hero to hero in leading the expulsion of Dawson's Gannon gang. In this respect, he differs from the character of Lancaster, who never makes reforms (But has Jeff really changed or is he just delivering revenge for mistakes made against his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see with the plot are the 2 main women. Clearly, Ronda is prepared as the right woman to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff also went through a recent past, having shot at least 5 men in the US or Yukon, and having stolen her cattle from Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff changed from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda makes a similar change in the race to the street to alert Jeff's impending ambush of Gannon. She dies as a result and Jeff asks why she not only cared for herself (her supposedly abandoned creed!). <br /> <br /> Of course Corine Calvert, like Renee, simply does not make a credible replacement for the dead Ronda, in Jeff's mind. However, the apparent implication of the farewell scene is that they get together, even if Jeff never gives him a kiss or hug. Her image as a good, naive young woman is somewhat compromised by her work in Rhonda's miners salon weighing her gold dust, pushing the dust spilled onto the floor and retrieving it later. I'm also not very clear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who accompanies her and works with her (he's not her father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateur treatment of the fight between Jeff and the Gannon gang. If Gannon had any skills with a pistol, he should have killed or seriously injured Jeff under that boardwalk before Jeff did the same with him. And how did Jeff's right hand suddenly get well enough to shoot with a pistol with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends did to help save the victims of the avalanche. They were too far away to get them alive under the snow. And why were not most Ronda horses and mules buried in the avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a number of probably unnamed, but familiar, faces between the miners and the Gannon gang. The sequences filmed in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop for action. All in all, a very fun western, with most of the major glitches concentrated at the end. Undoubtedly, this movie takes some great liberties with history and geography, especially the part that is taking place in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually a lot more meek than the US Skagway.
