EXTREMITIES is the disturbing but fascinating version of a play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his own play to the screen) about a woman who is attacked in her car one night by an alleged rapist on the way home and is terrified when she notices that the man took his purse and knows where she lives. After his roommates leave for work the next day, the guy comes to his house and tries to rape her. The story has a startling twist when, at one point, the woman turns the tables over to the man and is able to dominate him; but when she realizes that there is no way that the attempted rape can be proven and if the man is arrested, he will simply leave, she decides to keep him prisoner in the house until she can get a confession from him. Forced? Perhaps. Disturbing Definitely, but there is a wonderfully claustrophobic feeling about this movie, especially in the middle with only the woman and her abuser, that you can not help but feel completely part of what is happening. I did not see the play on Broadway, but I imagine a play like this works better on stage, but that does not make the film a less fascinating experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to play the role on Broadway, was awarded the role of Marjorie in the film version and offers a tense and deeply moving performance as the victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics thought Fawcett's performance was one note, but to me, Marjorie is a woman completely numb by what she's been through and the performance works for me. James Russo, in the performance of his career, is slimy and menacing as the alleged rapist who finds Marjorie far more challenging than he supposed. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid co-star as Marjorie's roommates who arrive home after Marjorie has mastered the guy and have him tied up and stuffed into his fireplace on his arrival. And it is the arrival of the roommates who take the story to an unexpected level because they have not seen what we saw Marjorie pass on and therefore think she should call the police and let them deal with the guy. Not for the faint of heart but if you hold out, an exciting cinematic experience anchored by a leadership performance that will surprise you.
