This review owes its existence entirely to a review. We took a weekly TV magazine to see what's coming and decided what to watch. Boldly, there are brief reviews of most movies scheduled to run on the top five terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, each film gets a rating of 1 to 5 stars. 5 means do not miss (superior to 4 for excellent!), Up to 1 standing for poor. We have learned from the vast experience that, with few exceptions, stars are rewarded for raw taste, foul language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and courage, and especially killing the hero / heroine when everyone was about to live happily ever after. after. (If this is not done, the movie is denigrated as being 'predictable' - the worst insult imaginable!) <br /> <br /> The Brave New Girl received only 1 star, thus suggesting that it was a worthy candidate of our time and attention. This was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the film as being a "truly terrible tale," and "stupid, just stupid." We watched, and my wife and I were glad we did. The reviewer of the television magazine also said that the film was not "a reformulation of War and Peace", with which we must agree. Reading IMDb's reviews for this title a day or two later, the desire to pick up my pen (so to speak) to add my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) to the uninitiated) has become it's overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Why did we take this film? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, compelling relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good triumph over evil, and so on. We like the integrity and personalities of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two teachers involved in the story. And if the plot includes an 'evil witch from the west' in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), as long as she plays the part with some conviction. We enjoyed the friendliness portrayed between the two roommates, with one having an education financially challenged by a single loving mother, and the other having all the material advantages, but receiving little time and affection for the parents. Is it any wonder Ditz felt the same way she did about Holly's mother? Is it surprising that Grant should immediately become interested in Holly, considering the manner of their initial encounter, Holly's dazzling smiles, and her lively self-control? I think these issues and events are believable enough, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic for the story to have a scenario. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed. for having no meaningful musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without our critical faculties interfering improperly in our listening and thus spoil the experience. We enjoyed both classic and pop pieces, which came well on TV, and we were not hit by any lack of talent. Besides, it did not matter that Holly's classic vocals were being dubbed by someone else. <br /> <br /> We like the movie enough to look for a DVD. The average delivery price we paid per disc for the movies in our current collection is £ 4,9484 (rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available from a trusted supplier in the Amazon Marketplace for £ 1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above that value. This purchase would increase the average. Why should I resent this is a mystery to me, but it is a testament to our pleasure in this movie that we made a request anyway. I awarded this film 7 of seven stars of IMDb, having caught one for the enthusiastic reception of the performances by the public, one for Britney's publicity and one for something I do not remember now. (If you have not fallen, this review is a hymn in celebration of the use of brackets!)
