(SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) The anti-German sentiment of this film seems painfully dated now, but it is a shining example of great war propaganda. It was made back when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all of his best film Academy Awards for best film, he never made a very good sound film.) This movie does not have the comedy of most of the other Pickford films, and it really was DeMille's film, not Pickford. The debasement of the Germans can be compared to the way "The Patriot" of 2000 did the same with the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name of Austreheim. They even made Pickford take an ill-fated trip on a luxury ship that is torpedoed by a German submarine. So what will make Americans more agitated for war? The wreck of the Lusitania, or watching America's favorite Canadian import sinking into it? Throughout the film DeMille runs his protagonist from one horrible type of calamity to another, only escaping from death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution and explosions that go in the right place to keep her unscathed. The way she is saved from a firing squad is no more believable than the way the humans in Jurassic Park were rescued from the velociraptors. If I were more naive with this propaganda, I would punish myself for having German ancestry. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Plus a humorous joke about Americans abroad thinking they are untouchable ?? which apparently was a joke even then ?? you can not have fun. You will find it more than a little melodramatic and obviously one-sided, but the first thing that came to mind after watching it was that years before Potemkin's fake portrait of a massacre revolutionized the language of cinema, as well as potential of the film for propaganda. It made me wonder: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of sound and "The Greatest Show on Earth," he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben Hur seemed expensive, but not ambitious. In a phrase, this movie is for 1) film historians, 2) Silent Film Buffs, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if such a person exists.
