This first-rate western tale of the gold rush brings great emotion, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one of the five westerns of Stewart-Mann that is often ignored. Stewart once again takes a fresh look at the ever-present personalities he had in the western Fifth of Stewart-Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, always taking care of himself, and that's why he gets so surprised when people are cool and kind to him. Ironically, he wears a bell in his saddle so he will not walk without it. This shows that he can care only for one person - his partner, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann once again takes a fresh look at the ever-present personalities he has placed in the five westerns of Stewart-Mann. It exhibits violence, excitement, twists, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, end up in the rich and rich city of Dawson, along with gold partners, Calvet and Flippen, and not good but beautiful Roman and his men hired. They are unable to leave because crooked sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them, since the only way out is through Skagway, which is the town of Gannon. But eventually McIntire comes to them, but not to charge Stewart and / or his fine that he supposedly owes to the government. What's McIntire for? He is there to deceive the miners of their claims and money. People are dead. A sheriff of Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet elects Stewart because he is good with a gun. Stewart, however, refuses the job because he plans to get as much gold as he can, and then quit. He also refuses because he does not like helping people, since law and order always kill someone. So Flippen is elected in his place. A miner is killed because he tries to take on one of Gannon's men, an extravagant, puritan and malicious gunslinger named Madden, who carries two weapons, played by Wilke. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and sees that justice must be done, but he can not resist it, so he becomes the drunkard of the city. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to leave, but are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is dead and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or Gannon will take over Dawson, create his own rules, and will become his city, just like Skagway. Audiences also realize what Stewart must do. Another thing that the public realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that stays between the people of the city and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon will take over the city. If Stewart stays and does nothing about it, the people of the city will be killed one by one, ruthlessly and uselessly. This is where a great scene occurs. Stewart walks into his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his gun in the gun belt is hanging on a pole beside his bed, the gun is closed, Stewart is at the bottom, right inside the door. He looks at him for a few seconds. He throws the sling away. The sling rests on the back of a chair and falls to the floor. This is symbolic because he is throwing away his old life, which consisted in caring for no one but himself. He enters into his new life, helping people when they need help. What ends the film is a furious display of fire against evil and a genuinely sincere feeling that all will be well.
