Definitely spoilers in this review! I * love ** American Gothic and I have done since the first time I saw it late at night when it first aired on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14 years old. The comparisons made with Stephen King are almost right. It is a small town supernatural eeriness, but with fantastic characters in layers. Best of all, and the reason I love you so much, is that you have the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck, though unconscious, often works, as he says, giving people enough rope to hang themselves. Their manipulation only works because of the weak morals of other people. Caleb though usually a pensive, gentle and insightful boy, can sometimes show the latent gloomy side inherited from his father. None of the characters are totally good or bad, even with the angelic Merlyn showing an angry side through reckless revenge on The Plague Sower. Not only that, but having Gail, the closest thing to a maternal figure for Caleb, not only sleeping with her, but falling in love with Lucas, despite everything she knows made me realize that the program would go there and not would be sorry for that. I'm a big Buffy fan, but when this show tried to get really 'dark' in the following seasons, it failed miserably because it lost its humorous side and did not fully commit to its ideas. AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character right in the center of the show, and still have a lot of laughs doing it. <br /> <br /> I can not even think of why it was canceled, since I'm going to be angry at the ridicule of it all. So much trash on TV and good original shows are kicked and kicked. Thanks to the appearance of the DVD, at least I can see the show in its entirety! Yes, some of the visuals seem dated now, but the strange scary atmosphere is provided well enough by the story lines. The actors also give performances so perfect that more than makes up for a strange camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone might not like this show is that it's not like the X- files where there are cases to "solve" or Lost where there are huge unanswered questions. It's pretty obvious from the start that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil powers, and that the show is about fighting for Caleb's soul. So this show can frustrate people looking for a purpose or an unknown 'truth' to find. Yes, there are some unanswered mysterious aspects, with some like the truth about Gails parents being solved, but unlike Lost and X-files this show is not about trying to find out more 'facts' about what's going on at IMO. It's all about the characters and how they have to confront the moral choices in the twisted world of the Trinity. Personally, I would like to see how Lucas sees all the situations in his favor. <br /> <br /> In short, the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. In addition, even having been canceled, all characters have bows and there is enough at the end to give a little closing feeling. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. Not having it in the final episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would have done anything for a second season, but at least 22 full episodes exist and maybe, considering that some TV executives seem brainless, I should be happy that this wonderful show has been made! ! !
