This time around, Blackadder is no longer royalty (or even particularly close to being one of those things) ... instead, a butler of Prince Regent, played by Hugh Laurie (replacing Tim McInnerny, whose presence is greatly missed, and this hole is never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a complete and bumbling idiot, we can not help caring for him, which is not at all true of his substitute) as being intolerably daft he apparently was, according to the Trivia page), not to mention mouth high and totally non-threatening. Edmund can now do what he pleases and does it. Why is he so frustrated and angry (honestly, sometimes it gets depressing)? Yes, your master is a clown, they always are. He does not seem to lack money, nor is he in any danger. In the second grade, the queen was mischievous and childish, and she would cut someone's head-or marry them-on a whim. Here simply there is never enough in play for any conflict to be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a bit of satire. Often, it seems they thought the story was funny enough on its own, so they just reaffirmed it without bothering to turn the facts into jokes or jokes. And I can not tell you how many of them I discovered before they finished, literally over a minute away. It is usually not positive when you know the punchline before it is delivered. Baldrick does not change from last season ... he's still a bit pathetic and stupid, leading to a "silly" mood. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not make me get the coarse material. The verbal and sarcastic wit can still be great, though much less than before. I'd say about half the episodes were pretty funny and downright funny, while the other three really did not put me on them. I was disappointed in the predictability of some of the plots and their developments ... I could see many of them coming a mile away. Some of the material is very difficult to be funny and ends up being incredibly hard. This continues with the tradition initiated by "II" of letting the plans work from time to time. The theme is the worst in the group, the credits are the least creative. All in all, this is by far my least favorite of the four. I commend fans of the franchise and the British comedy in general. 7/10
