Suffice it to say that you have a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get some people in front of the screen, but scriptwriter / director James Cox offers so much more. A "Rashamon" from the despicable Hollywood scene, the film divides the July 1981 killings in Wonderland through a variety of angles (and movie deeds), but mostly through John Holmes' ferret brain filter. In a movie full of bandits, Holmes is the most vile, the most pathetic or both. Several versions of the story emerge and merge, while Cox jumps and twists title cards amidst effects and emoticons. Dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never seems false. While the film comes two years after Holmes fell from pornography and became a truly perverse drug-fueled depravity, Kilmer relentlessly exudes such intense sexuality that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire movie almost as strongly as the violence at its center. These murders are provoked throughout the film, although they are never shown clearly, not even at the climax, although violence infallibly implies the full image and much blood is spread across the walls and crime scene pictures. Once again, Val Kilmer, like Holmes, shows that he can act crazy than anyone else working. Enduring, shrinking, boasting or begging, Kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car accident. Outstanding performances alongside Kilmer definitely include Ted Levine as the chief cop in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as Holmes pushed his wife away. The trio of criminals with whom Holmes comes across includes the frighteningly high energy of Josh Lucas, the ever-interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and an unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a crucial role as narrator yet another version of the murders. Cox suggests that, no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, there is always a worse version possible, but looking through the debauchery around is far more fascinating than understanding the truth.
