Unfortunately, in cases like these, there are so many conflicting stories as everyone tries to put the blame on others, which is almost impossible to get a clear view of what actually happened. This movie is a victim of such circumstances. The writers (many of them) decided to take ALL the stories and give them to the public so they decide which version of truth they like the most. As in the real-life case, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience gets a general sense of not being fulfilled (like coffee without caffeine or sex without the climax). Whodunnits without whodunnit are usually frustrating and make you wonder why someone has not researched before putting it out there. At least show your movie as a fiction, if that's what it means (and it happens). <br /> <br /> This does not mean that there are no great performances here. Kilmer (as Holmes) plays an important role, bringing a bit of humanity to what otherwise is an unpleasant character. Kilmer, and the real life lovers and friends who consulted in the film, let the audience see a selfish and disturbed human being who, despite his faults being many and large, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself). Kudrow as Holmes's wife, only gives a glimpse of the dramatic actress she may be, but it is very noticeable and unforgettable glimpse. The character of Bosworth was not as emotionally complex as she might have been and needed to show a more internal conflict to lend credence to what happened between Dawn and Holmes (she delivered him within six months after they fled to Florida). Bosworth's performance on apple cheeks is sometimes irritating, sometimes moving, but shows nothing of the backbone the true Schiller must have possessed. The other characters disappear into the wood, which is a shame. Lucas is a great artist who could have sunk his teeth into this role had he been prepared for it. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as a drug dealer. <br /> <br /> The guilt of this film is not in this cast, but in writing. Many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, full of promise, ends up leaving you hungry. The story and the characters may have been less than understanding, but in what movie are they not? Other films like 1989's drug-industry cowboy, starring Matt Dillon (who would have been asked to take on this role and declined) worked on similar subjects and dominated him to the point where you felt a kinship with the main character at the end of the film, despite what he did. Van Sandt could have given some lessons to James Cox and his team. If anyone bothered to try to find out the truth, this would have been an intriguing story. As it is, you'll find the WADD documentary that accompanies it more palatable (on the DVD of 2 discs) and much more informative. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but also not very good ... like most people.
