John Holmes is so famous that he is famous (as the Three Friends would say). This is a story similar to Rashomon's about the events surrounding the early 1980's Wonderland Murders in Los Angeles. The story is gathered from the recount of some of the participants. There is a story from the perspective of the friend, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in the theft robbery at Eddie Nash's house (Eddie Nash is an infamous drug dealer - and is supposed to be the same character that Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is heavily on the drug scene. There is the perspective of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), who makes him a pawn trapped between two kings (with a severe case of cocaine). There are also remembrances of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) who fill the spaces between the two stories. It's basically the same time we're looking at, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of dead people. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a somewhat heroic character with a tragic and comic karma. He is a caricature of a real person. He was more or less, a confused boy who got what he received through his "big" donation. Director James Cox ends the comedy and turns this episode into John's life into a nightmare for all of us who watch. The details of the murders of real life make this film even more sinister. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he learned about Doors' Jim Morrison improved the performance for Salton Sea, and then made that even better. bring us the deterioration of John Holmes through cocaine. All actors play very realistic portraits of cocaine addicts. The performance of Josh Lucas stands out as one of the best in the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character must be the same as the Thomas Jane character of Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, loved to have John Holmes around as a novelty and had a craving for cocaine like sharks like blood. The use of cocaine seems as realistic as thinking. Do They Really Use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a bubblegum pop sensation (lots of color and nostalgia from the 70's), Wonderland is bleak. The action is fast and furious, with many leaps. It is spasmodic and granular. There is no comedy, just an endless rhythm, as if the director was trying to get us into the nervous, quick and nervous cocaine to make us feel what the characters are feeling. This is a graphic film. It has one of the most intensely violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. In fact, it shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes at first and then from a third-person perspective). It's so graphic that it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to pause after this scene and remember it was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in the other sides of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
