Lately I have acquired the habit of buying any interesting DVD that Criterion releases. I think even if I do not like the movie, Criterion usually provides enough extra material to make up for any shortcomings in the actual movie. I read about them, and I buy those that are the most interesting to me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase, and I must say I was not disappointed with the film. It's gay, funny and romantic. Everything is excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably hum them and sing them all day long. The acting is very good for this kind of movie. American musicals from the classic Hollywood era relied more on music and dance than the real characters and history, but at Le Million, the characters are well-developed and the story, while not at all extremely impressive, is not lacking. I loved the evolution of relationships, especially the relationship between former friends Michel and Prosper. The romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with several memorable moments. Probably the most perfect scene of the film occurs shortly after the main couple have a discussion. They hide on the stage of an opera performance, and the opera singers sing phrases that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret for their own situation. This is definitely one of the highlights of movie history. The scene made me laugh, to conquer me with a very sweet romance, and made me smile at how clever the director was. I give this movie a 9/10. <br /> <br /> Q. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the Criteria that I make and is planning to buy it. Among the Criterion discs I now own, Le Million contains the fewest features. All he has is a gallery of photos (not very useful, you can flip through once) and a rare television interview with Rene Clair, the director. This piece is of some interest. He was one of the many directors who started in silent movies, and when the talkies first appeared, he said they represented the death of the movie. I think most people who understand cinema understand what these directors meant when they said that, but it's interesting to hear him explain it. Also, if you've read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, note that they were wrong in one important respect: not all lines in the movie are sung. In fact, it contains no more songs than a normal musical. In fact, it's much more like a movie by Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My criticisms of the album are not so important. Heck, Criterion has the right to whip me for making these claims. The fact is that your people probably spent hundreds of hours fixing a movie that only 20 people voted for now on imdb, and only about a hundred people, if at all, have seen the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is not found anywhere. I have no idea why not. It's something they really should be proud of (of course, their site is surprisingly horrible). They did a good job in this movie. Angry! They deserve all the money I can afford to give them!
