Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just beginning to do some social work, is sent to help a semi-catatonic old woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her former caretaker Yoko (Yoko Maki) , fades away. Karen soon discovers that something is not right at Emma's house, and she tries to "see the depth of the rabbit hole." <br /> <br /> It may be a delayed influence on the success of M. Night Shyamalan's films, but discrete, slower-paced horror films are a recent trend. In some cases, like Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in others, like White Noise (2005), the rhythm tends to kill the film. I did not like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but this is still a great movie - he gets a 9 out of 10 from me. <br /> <br /> Grudge has some significant differences. of other recent examples of this trend, however. One of them, it is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is extremely close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, also known as Ju-On 3). , 2003). Two, as with many Japanese horror films, the slower pace here is not so much in the realm of realistic drama as in surrealism. As is also the case with a large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be viewed more like a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of the five Japanese entries at Ju-On. series so far (the fifth is currently in production), and writer Stephen Susco largely dismissed linearity and is not too concerned with plot logic or holes when it comes to the horror behind the story. The idea, instead, is to present a sequence of dream scenes, with the logic of dreams, in which the focus is the atmosphere, the strangeness, the supernatural and, for many viewers, scares. How well the film works for you will largely depend on how well you can adapt to, or are accustomed to, this different approach to making movies (though admittedly some of the apparent gaps are filled by previous entries in Juvenile). On the Serie). Traditionally, the American public considers it as failures to leave hanging plot lines and abandon "rules" for the "monster." A more poetic, metaphorical, and surreal approach to the film is still not accepted by the mainstream in the US. <br /> <br /> However, even if you are not used to it, it pays to try to suspend your normal prejudices about the film. movies and shoot The Grudge. This is a well-written, well-directed film, well-represented, full of unusual properties, such as the story interlacing a large number of "main characters" (which is better done here than the more episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography , subtle touches of production design (check out Gellar's clothes, which match the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's house as Gellar approaches), and wonderfully effective horror material. <br /> <br /> Although it is slower than your past medium horror movie, the pace generally increases the strangeness, and there is no shortage of bizarre events to keep the horror fans entertained. The film's supernatural premise is absorbing, and based on interviews on the DVD with Shimizu, it spurred me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting subtexts are likely to emerge with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to reflect on why so many Japanese horror films feature frightening children and adults who look like scary children. <br /> <br /> I subtracted a point. for the film to deviate to a mystery / suspense cliché with a flashback "here's what really happened," but even that was very well done, and otherwise it would have been 10 out of 10. <br /> Now that I've said all that, let me finish with a mini-rant: it's not that I'm anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that US distributors and studios feel like we need remakes of foreign films to make them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should be playing in the US theaters in large format. There is no need to present an almost identical movie, but only to replace white American actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a great movie, but in the end, I'd rather see something original using that talent, and be treated with the latest foreign horror films - not just Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. in my multiplex. In the hope that someone with some stimulus in the studios reads this, it is also more economical to do so, since (1) you can completely avoid production costs and simply make domestic distribution agreements from which you receive profit, and (2) you can make money from fans like me who otherwise pick up foreign movie DVDs in fabricated or even pirated foreign versions.
