They say that David Lynch's films and short films will not please everyone. Not even Dumbland, maybe more than ever. I have the feeling that Dumbland, as people come across, will be a real mark of "I understand" or "what the heck." Not exactly surrealism, but absurd to the point of not returning. He is also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity it may be a sort of ironic intelligence, that the creator knows so well how childish and disgusting it is, and that self-consciousness is an advantage, not a detraction. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of rudely designed shorts-the kind that might not even hit the Hertzfeldt and the Judge's Animation program (which, I might add, Lynch here has a lot in common with both directors in their work centered on a lummox with an IQ of 20 that has a wife constantly shaking with fear, and a child who looks like a cross between the ginger man and / or an alien. The episodes include small situations like a wrong mat, a seller who can recite the address of Gettysburg, take care of a sick brother-in-law, hallucinations of ants and just sink into the sofa with noise around.Meanwhile, Lynch is still experimenting, since he was constantly for better or worse during the A period of five years he's done in and out of the Inland Empire. <br /> <br /> On the one hand, he's going back to the roots of his first short, Six Figures Getting Sick Six Times, in the use of repetition as a means for an end.This sometimes works very well, and sometimes not. as in the episode where the person sits around the house doing nothing, because the teeth are bleeding and a fly vibrates around, the absurd kind that grows and diminishes without much effect. And even an episode like that of the friend coming is more fun for the Beavis & Butt-head comparison (they both laugh like idiots, and are equally engrossed in killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up working is how Lynch shows delusional abstractions from the front, in the most cruel forms imaginable, and excessive violence. In what comes closest to surrealism in "ants," the subject mistakenly applies insect spray (called "Kill", one of Lynch's cheapest but tricks of social conventions) and imagines ants in a musical choir line, soils included. And one of the most distressing and funny things I've ever seen from the filmmaker is "pick up the bat", where we just see the guy, applauded by his son, putting a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, eyes pop out, and once the stick is removed, it does not watch for traffic, like a manhole cover. Other moments thus appear in unexpected crevices, and are drawn as if they were on cheap paper, with an impetus to clash with the language of the dirty mouth (especially of the man, as well as of the "grandmother", that in one of the voices of Lynch the characters are the deepest of all), and an unstable quality reminiscent of the cream of the (early) Hertzfeldt crop. <br /> <br /> In the same way I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something that I would put in someone's hands if they have not seen much of Lynch, let alone anything by him. There are some small points in society made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer than we usually think to those in real life. However, in general, there is not much that should be read, which is why I would say that more than half of those who see it will hate it with passion. Those who dig the bottomless wells of animation comedy, be prepared to have fun.
