Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' T-shirt and goes out every day to perform his garbage disposal duties. He uses his physical power to pick up the trash from others and transport him to the city rubbish. He reads stories from comic book heroes and loves fighters and wrestling. Going to WrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene on his birthday is an annual tradition. He speaks kindly to the many people he comes in contact with during the day. He reads comic books, which he finds in the trash, with a boy he goes through many times while on the garbage route. Unfortunately, Dominick has a diminished ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's deficiency came as a result of a head injury in which he suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury slowed him down, although he has not changed his core characteristic as a strong individual who helps protect others. Dominick is actually more able to live independently than he may seem at the beginning of the movie. He lives with Eugene, who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick provides the main source of income while Eugene is off duty. Eugene must face the fact that he must continue his education in a different city, and that he should move away from Dominick. Eugene also develops a novel that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals specifically with domestic abuse and how it can affect individuals, families and society as a whole. The tension that rises between Eugene and Dominick, when Eugene realizes he must leave Nicky, exploded on his birthday night. Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At this point, Eugene must face his own fears of being like his abusive father, the father Dominick protected him while he himself became the victim of abuse. This event cemented the love between the two brothers, who from then on became best friends. Although they needed each other, they also needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they must separate has become a very real emotional tension. However, at the end of the film, Dominick is able to say goodbye to his brother and wish him good luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with the confidence that he has begun to make a social network of people who care about him and will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick witnesses the abuse of his friend, he is forced to come face to face with the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick almost completely shuts off. He then rushes behind the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy has died, he is confronted by an abusive father who, fearing his testimony, tells him that he did not see anything, does not know anything, and does not want to say anything, and that if he does, he will kill him. Now that his own life has been threatened, he goes and finds the weapon Larry used to kill the mice. He goes to the trail of the dead boy and under the sight of a gun, kidnaps the bereaved family's baby. He runs away from the scene and hides in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's deficiency and they bring the baby back. The violent father then wields a gun of his own threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he has seen his father throw his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> During the climax, the question of dysfunctional behavior appears. Although the instinct to save the baby can be understood by Dominick, we also see how this response is harmful. Dominick placed the life of the baby and his own life in grave danger. The broader social consequences of these events are not directly implicated, but rather shown through the end of the film. Despite the more optimistic final picture, another sequence of events could have occurred, in which Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possessing a firearm. It's kind of hard to believe that this has completely disappeared. Moreover, even if Dominick is not charged, there may still be stigma against him within the community, not that there is not one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we should be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to repress it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, which won 5 Oscars. . While Rainman was an achievement and helped raise visibility with people with disabilities, it can be argued that Dominick and Eugene have more valuable lessons for society. Meanwhile, Rainman has shown that dominant American society could learn and care for a savant if the savant were the heir of a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with disabilities may be able to care for and help save members of American society. The message of an independent person with a disability may have been too strong for 1988. I hope someday society will see the strengths of people with disabilities, not as a threat but as an imperative for the strength of society.
