I collect horror movies from everywhere and I have seen the good and the very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Of course, the acting is bad, the plot is basically a mix of all zombie movies put together and the quality is low on some points. The thing you seem to be missing is that it's still fun and really a lot of fun. The effects range from, as someone here has said, pasty-faced zombies that look like KISS rejects to really good ones with some incredible latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with a title like that is for the movie and this movie is incredible in that area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called a party movie and it is. 100% fun party movie. I've heard from several sites that this is really a "rough cut" movie that has general release, but the actual "director cut" is coming on DVD and is very good quality. I'll buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power plant goes bad and makes zombies. The government closes, hides the history and sanctions houses to be built on it. Some of the plants are still buried and these undead appear and attack the area. Some actors do a great job, there's a straightforward social commentary that is insightful and true, good music, great lighting, some effective suspense and tons of blood and disease. A guy is attacked and ripped from the bottom area to the end, if you know what I mean. Then your guts are pushed out of your mouth. Another is split in half as in Day Of The Dead and they did a great job with that effect. There are a million gags and it's almost all the action. I say stop being a prude, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great undead epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got the DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> MUCH better picture quality and for the first time I was able to see the actual CUT OF THE DIRECTOR of the movie and it's a much better movie . I've enjoyed this before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets was really trying to do with this. And the comment also helps, listening to Sheets talk about the movie in detail, he knows it's a useless zombie movie, but he shows respect for all the people involved. In addition, the Sheets have a great sense of humor and humble integrity that others could learn in the field of filmmaking. The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath are also a lot of fun. I felt that it was almost as much fun as the movie for which it was made. There are great interviews and behind-the-scenes footage mixed with movie news from some major places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a fun little movie that is very rough around the edges, but it still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I have seen many movies in DV, and some footage of video movies, and many are quite annoying, but this was not really. Although the latest DV movies are technically superior, they are not all that fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard that now they are redoing this with a big budget ???
