I just received my copy of this DVD with two sets of disks, and while not perfect, I found the overall experience a fun way to waste time. I have to say right away that I'm a huge fan of zombie movies, and I really think the good people who made those movies should be too. I also have a soft spot for people who are trying, sometimes against all odds, to live a dream. And again, these people are doing it. Is this an award-winning collection of amazing movies? No. Not even close to that. But what they do in their meager budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always, did I have fun? Did I have fun with this movie? And here the answer to both was "yes". The first in the series is also the raw one. It opens with some kind of accident at a nuclear facility and people dissolve or something. Cut to a few years later and a new housing community is built on the former site of the reactor. Some children making a video fall into a hole and are trapped in the lower levels of the installation. They are rescued, but the hole is not sealed and the people of the opening begin to come out of the hole. Soon, the whole city is surpassed by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They range from cold rot makeup to the cheapest white face slap of all time, but they are fun. The whole movie culminates in a confrontation between the area's final survivors and the undead, with our heroes entering the lower levels of the reactor to take the flesh eating zombies and seal the hole forever! Very tacky, but I guess it was meant to be. Still, it moves very fast, has buckets of horrible effects and really tries to have some style. The acting is patchy, but some good performances shine and you have to listen to the comment track. I came back and watched it again and thought it was good information on the evidence and the fun that the cast and crew had in the film. Director Todd Sheets seems very proud of it, his first film, but also has no delusions. He knows it's a useless zombie movie, but he shows respect for the people involved. In addition, the Sheets have a great sense of humor and humble integrity that others could learn in the field of filmmaking. The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath are also a lot of fun. I felt that it was almost as much fun as the movie for which it was made. There are great interviews and behind-the-scenes footage mixed with movie news from some major places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a fun little movie that is very rough around the edges, but it still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I have seen many movies in DV, and some footage of video movies, and many are quite annoying, but this was not really. Although the latest DV movies are technically superior, they simply are not fun! Overall, this is a solid launch, albeit a bit flawed, with lots of extras and TONS of blood and spills. While not breaking any of the big rules of making moves, I find the series fun and always fun, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets was not trying to do prized art here folks, he was trying, sometimes against all odds it seems, to make moan budget zero, horror splattery and for that purpose he got swords.
