So Todd Sheets once said that he regards his 1993 film Z-epic, the movie Zombie Bloodbath, as his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows just how fake this claim is. I mean, what makes it far superior? Well, then again, Zombie Rampage does not include that mullet guy, now does that? <br /> <br /> For anyone to understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered to suck, you need to remember what the 90's were for bad horror lovers. A decade that almost said farewell to movies B and Z as we knew it. Technological breakthroughs, bewildering trends and the internet will wipe out the mysterious charms of the large golden years of the s.v. And anything remotely resembling quality schlock was too self-conscious for its own good, basically defeating purpose. Fortunately, not everyone changes with the times. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I think that's the part where I explain the exact same premise of 500 other zombie movies from the last 40 years. Okay, so some sort of accident at a nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight, turning them into flesh-eating zombies, who are engulfed in fury, inflicting some of the most horrifying and funny blood scenes of the '90s. The first 20 minutes are filled with conversations that seem harder to imagine. Conversations that let you know that this is not just a low-budget zombie movie, this is a Z-type disaster, man. Very hysterical, nonexistent acting to go around, and this will triple for Mr. Mullet. This guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers Zombie Bloodbath to be SUPERIOR to Zombie Rampage, amuses me endlessly. I mean, in fact, both are complete jokes about celluloid, but again, the Redneck Zombies also obviously Todd Sheets is in the company of a huge pleasure. In 1993, such a bad movie would undoubtedly be a complete parody, but Sheets maintains its position, giving us a good old fashion, as it was meant to be, unconscious, clueless and meaningless. God bless Todd Sheets. For those who are looking for a Surprisingly B-Horror from the 90's, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of their list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you're a gorehound who got bored around 1990, then '93 would be the perfect time to start. 8/10
