One of my all-time favorites, so ridiculously-lousy-is-totally-adorable el cheapo and stinko nickel'n'dime independent horror creature, a terribly nice marvel that was released by the formidably fecund exploration equipment Crown International Pictures so I could play countless bad double accounts on numerous drive-ins in the 70's and eventually ended up being re-routed like crazy on several minor cable stations throughout the 80's. Of course, I first saw this gloriously abomination horrible on dawn television, a fateful Saturday night when I was still a teenager, and since then I have had a deep, though completely irrational, affection for him. <br /> <br /> A meteorite falls from the sky and collides with the still waters of a quiet country lake, causing the hatching of an inactive dinosaur egg. Of course the dino baby immediately turns into a gigantic prehistoric giant, grunting and grinding of teeth, with goofy flippers, an extended neck and a huge mouth full of small, irregular, stalagmite-like sharp bites. Our southern fried male cousin to the Loch Ness monster promptly starts to rain down on several local yokel residents with no luck from a previously quiet and sleepy hillbilly resort town. It's up to the harsh and rude sheriff Richard Cardella, assisted by the painful and comical idiot Hayseed Relief duo of Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, the guys Kacey Cobb and Bob Hyman, an insipid nerdy scientist, to get to the bottom of things. the over-sized glutton of the Jurassic reminiscences ruin the tourist trade by eating all the campers and fishermen from where the hamlet makes its money. The director / co-writer William R. Stromberg exhibits a wondrous and unfortunate incompetence with no concept when it comes to rhythm, atmosphere, building narrative stretched out and especially provoking sound, acting credibly from of his amateur-level amateur theater cast. The performances are uniformly abysmal: Cardella is too soft and wooden to cut her like a heroic lead while the comedians of Roberts and Seigel elicit groans of disbelief - you're not laughing at these two atrocities. assaulting the clods as much as they do, particularly when the unbearable jerks discover a severed head rising and falling in the lake water. Better yet, an awkwardly integrated sub-plot about a malicious and loose criminal leads to a spectacular supermarket hold-up scene that degenerates into a hilarious and stupid mini-slaughter when a young client interrupts the artist. in the middle of the robbery! A subsequent car chase is also severely spoiled; is so overcast and expressionless that he feels more relieved than scared when the monster abruptly emerges to devour the evil fugitive. In addition, David Allen's funky, herky-jerky stop motion dinosaur is the real article, projecting a certain charisma, sneaky reptilian personality, and a strong screen presence that makes all horrendously unpleasant human characters look pathetically unseemly. And as for the gripping conclusion that the sheriff takes our slave animal with a tractor, the key word for this exciting confrontation is boffo all the way.
