There's not much else I can say about this movie than all the front page comments, except - as Jesse says - "they are the berries". All the commenters on the page wrote eloquently - almost like the dialogue is in this movie. This may just be one of those illusory things about which we hear a lot, but it's usually done by the actors who deliver the lines: a beautiful script. Maybe Robert Redford had a strong influence on the actors during the filming of this film, so that the beauty of the story was not lost. <br /> <br /> I also attended church when I was very young. and in my late teens. The pastor of the church spoke very eloquently and quietly as Rev. Maclean did in his church. That, in itself, is a totally different picture that is pictured from the Southern Baptist churches - there is no sanctification in my church. It was a large church with many different programs to keep its congregation busy - perhaps the most inspiring church was the music department with its huge choral and almost classical hymns. Also, the congregation on Sunday night was almost entirely from younger people. Are you aware that it was safe to go to church Sunday night? How I wish it were still! Watching "The River Runs Through It" is much like a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are totally involved in life. As it was so well written, the sermon of this movie is the beauties of Montana's open space - however, are not there also missile silos there as well? Fly fishing or any other activity that draws relatives to a happy life - and deep mutual understanding - becomes a blessing. Although you see some dark aspects of life, the simplicity of the story also makes a lasting impression on your heart if you let it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are counterbalanced by simple meetings of old-fashioned community picnics as this movie contains - in heavy contrasts for modern families taking their kids to Disney Land by squealing and calling them "a day together." There is nothing wrong with this, but as "River" demonstrates, part of her taciturn beauty could do nothing but make life richer. This is the third movie I've seen in that Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a father, all different styles and brilliantly acted. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly an undiscovered talent, except "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black", and all cast members have garnered many awards. Little stories superbly told will receive 10-of-10 from me in any film with violence, dirty language, ugliness and "action." I'm thinking particularly of "Crash" and most of the "Arnold" movies. What a savior for peace this movie is.
