(There is not much in spoilers, since there is not a plot to reveal, but still, I think I describe some things that happen then ...) That's it. This is the most absurd movie I've ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this movie, although "bizarre", "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are very close. the half hour of opening are really very strange musical videos, with no plot or continuity, unless the MJ falls in some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" in the section where MJ is flying a carousel plane through what appears to be a mid-arsed intro intro rejects and cut sections of Yellow Submarine (dear sir, you could not do so with a little more of an hour remaining, the "movie" begins, with a lot of claymation (some of them really scary) sighting our "hero" and chasing him for an autograph. Obviously, this leaves ours as still mute (discounting songs) take a little Lucky for him, because it means that he can witness a shooting star, and again, I'm not making this up, turn into a claymation rabbit.He uses this cunning disguise to try to pass for them, but, for reasons I can not remember now, they see (oh no!) And the scary chase begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). im of the chase, MJ somehow brings the rabbit to life, until he is arrested by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is apparently illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is equally strange, especially MJ cleaning a bar to the sound of Smooth Criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy but burning his shadow on the wall, a nuclear fission weapon. Another good time is when MJ, seeing, Mr. Big (Joe "what the hell happened to his career at this point?" Peschi) kidnapping one of the children that he was friend, magically creates a tommy gun, and another time of violence that spice up this movie seemingly at random, open fire against everything that moves. One final moment I will mention is when MJ, surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're used more as command units than with mobsters, which I think they are. How does he leave? Well, it turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. This is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always when supported in a corner and / or in flight. <br /> <br /> This film is quite surreal, with little in terms of plot, and virtually no continuity.
