Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, that is, video clips, are simply the best. I do not care if I get a sane fiction feature from this man, but I care to have a mix of his crazy dance, screams of screams, choreography of cool crowds and a few bits of animation and CGI. There should also be some uninterrupted videos. Everything I mentioned is here. The stupid plot and the exaggerated "vanity fair" are not a problem when witnessing Mr. Michael Jackson in action. For me, he will always be the best king of music videos (not "king of pop", which sounds stupid especially to us Russians because "pop" sounds like the Russian word for "asses" and MJ is definitely not "king of asses "). I can watch your best video clips (which are artistically gorgeous) and I never tire of them. <br /> <br /> My first impression of this movie was "What is this ...?" (pieces of different videos, some pictures drawn, bewildering jumps from one theme to another, absence of any cohesive plot, some children playing, etc.) but while I watched until the end, I could say that it was great and really nothing like any another thing shown on TV nowadays. What I also like here is that it never shows any shameful material and can be watched by children easily. <br /> <br /> Without Mr. Michael Jackson, the universe of video clips would be rather poor. Even the best classical videos of other artists can not get very close to the energetic hyperbole of MJ's musical insanity and artistic quality. He knew how to get the audience of different ages and he knew how to stay a man with moral principles. <br /> <br /> When I see an appropriate DVD release with Mr. Michael Jackson's videos, I know he deserves to be bought even though some clips have already appeared in some previous release. "HIStory I", "HIStory II" and "Moonwalker" are great, although only "Moonwalker" is more like a movie (with a solid theme "Smooth Criminal", topic "paparazzi" and some strange parodies and twists) MJ fan, I can still give this movie "like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (I was hit by "Smooth Criminal" for sure and my main complaints are as follows: the initial segments of the movie could have been discarded , while the main "anti-drug campaign of MJ" should have received more "insanity and stress," and there should have been more "moonwalking," of course.). Thanks for listening.
