With all these things happening right now with MJ, I started listening to his music, watching the strange documentary here and there, watched The Wiz and watched Moonwalker again. Maybe I just want to get some insight into this guy that I thought was really cool in the eighties, just to maybe decide me if he's guilty or not guilty. Moonwalker is part of the biography, part of the film that I remember seeing in the movies when it was originally released. Some of them have subtle messages about MJ's feelings about the press and also the obvious message of drugs are bad. <br /> <br /> Visually impressive but of course this is all about Michael Jackson unless you remotely like MJ Anyway then you will hate this and find it annoying. Some may call MJ of egocentric by agreeing to the making of this movie MAS MJ and most of his fans would say that he did it to fans who, if true, is really cool of him. The little movie when it finally begins is only for 20 minutes or more excluding the Smooth Criminal sequence and Joe Pesci is convincing as a powerful psychopath dealer. Why he wants MJ dead so bad is beyond me. Why did MJ hear your plans? No, Joe Pesci's character said he wanted people to know that he's the one who's giving drugs, so I do not know, maybe he just hates MJ's music. <br /> <br /> Lots of cool things about this, like MJ turning into a song. car and a robot and the entire Speed ​​Demon sequence. In addition, the director must have had the patience of a saint when it comes to filming the Bad Kiddy sequence, since usually the directors hate working with a kid let alone a whole group of them performing a complex dance scene. <br /> <br /> In short, this movie is for people who like MJ on one level or another (which I think is most people). If not then stay away. He tries to convey a healthy message and, ironically, MJ's best friend in this movie is a girl! Michael Jackson is actually one of the most talented people who has ever graced this planet, but is he guilty? Well, with all the attention I've given to this subject ... hmmm well, I do not know why people may be different behind closed doors, I know that in fact. He's an extremely cool but stupid guy or one of the sickest liars. I hope he's not the last.
