Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was the first music video I've seen apparently. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a God to people, a time when women fainted at seeing him before actually fainting before seeing him, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was what began to be a tribute to all of Michael's successes from the right time when he released his famous album Bad that was record-breaking, was the first album to have 6 top 10 singles. Michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt he writes, sings, dance, but when it comes to acting or keeping a direct story with your audience? We began very simply: the music, life, career, success and mania of Jackson, who was the greatest star of the 80's in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 1930s style gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect the children. When Jackson was allowed to be around children, we cut him playing in a field with the children and his dog. The dog runs off, and in his quest for him, Jackson and the children discover Mr. Big's lair, Frankie Lideo, a criminal drug dealer with an army of henchmen who wants the entire population of planet earth to be addicted to drugs, starting with the children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the kids, but they escape; Jackson tells the kids to meet him at Club 30, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The story dates back to the mob attack on Jackson, and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gangster, who draws its power from falling stars. As he walks past the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and erases several of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story begins in the kids of Club 30 and at first the kids are scared but when Jackson shows up, the scary atmosphere of the club turns and the kids go back to the 1930s. The club is now full of swing dancers and dancers of swing. Jackson participates in a dance with the other members of the club, which serves as a clip for "Smooth Criminal." At the climax of the song, Mr. Big assaults the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them back to the lair of Big and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortured Jackson, threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive narcotics. While Katie can get Joe Pesci's glasses and get rid of injections, Big decides he's had enough and orders his men to kill Katie before ending up with Jackson, but not before a shooting star passes. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Yes, do you want more strangeness? Watch the movie. Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans enjoy him one more time. Is it mainly to liven up your album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how amazing he is, so we go to his song "Leave Me Alone," which is kind of hypocritical, not that it's not great music, just a small turn of events . . So when we skipped the bad acting, the story got incredibly weak: The villain spells his name out loud while Michael and Katie are spying on him, lol, Michael is a transformer, suddenly the villain's big plan is to make kids loud ? In addition, the villain has a kind of lightning weapon that would make Marvin the Martian blush. But if there is one new thing that is incredible that the movie gives us is the new Smooth Criminal video. This music video is perfect, it's choreography, it's scenery, it's music, it's soft style, Michael always goes beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal is incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a kid, I still watch for fun until today, but it's not the best movie, it's very silly, but it's good if you're a Michael Jackson fan too. <br /> <br /> 7/10
