SAPS AT SEA is evidently a pun on a Gary Cooper movie, SOULS IN SEA. The title skillfully describes the starred team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who go on a trip on the ocean to calm Ollie's nerves only to find fugitive killer Nick Grainger. As interpreted by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both fun and creepy, making it a good argument for the comic characters of boys. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never overshadows the Boys, a tribute to the alluring charisma of Stan and Ollie. This is how it should be, since the boys are supposed to be the protagonists of this film. <br /> <br /> Such is the charm of the people of Laurel and Hardy who raise the average material. For SAPS at sea it has its slow points. For example, as a previous commentator noted, rather where a doctor (the deliciously confused James Finlayson) tries a balloon called "lung tester" in Ollie, does not have a punch. The scenery is very episodic, with the first part occurring in the boys' apartment, almost completely unrelated to the second part, where they depart to the sea. But overall, the film is a very enjoyable entertainment with a short enough execution time so it does not wear out. It is a bit of poignancy to see the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer. Hal Roach. I have not seen all the Laurel and Hardy films since 1940, but the ones I've seen do not match up with Hal Roach's weaker products. In those later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an alien environment, deprived of supportive players as colorful as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and the lively musical scores of LeRoy Shield. Nor are they the well-meaning and optimistic cheaters we know and love, but in the later films, or they are exasperating or pathetic misfits. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that many Hal Roach films Laurel and Hardy are now generally unavailable to the public. Even in a small entry like SAPS at sea, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. That's because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Laurel, the guiding force of the team, to complete artistic freedom. Since Laurel lost its autonomy in other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
