This is my third comment here trying to connect two legendary movie comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. This is the date when the first had their last film from their old home studio of Hal Roach. I will mention the meaning of the latter later. In addition to being the last time Stan and Ollie worked on the Lot of Fun, it is also the last time they would appear with familiar players like Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, who have appeared in most of their films. It is also the last time that Art Lloyd will act as his cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who composed his theme song that would be known as "The Cuckoo Song". And it would be the last time Stan Laurel would be allowed to exercise creative control over what happens in the film. If there's a more loaded joke structure than usual in this L & H movie, it's good to know that most of these jokes are really funny. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, the latter provided by former Roach employee Roy Seawright. In this, Ollie has "hornophobia" of working in a noisy horn factory so Dr. Finlayson prescribes going out to sea for his rest. Ollie does not like to go by boat, so Stan suggests they only rent one that is docked so they do not have to go anywhere. After they find one they like, we find that the convict Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I stop there and say that this was such a good ending to the L & H house, as one might expect . It's hilarious, especially from beginning to end, and knowing that this would be the last time the man, partly responsible for his team, is really poignant when you think about it. Oh, and I have a few more moments to mention: it's the final appearance of Harry Bernard, who plays a harbor patrolman after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as a cop, and Ben Turpin, the comedian who was Born in Nova Orleans, which is a few hours away from my present hometown, Baton Rouge, whose second appearance on L & H was to have "married" the boys in Our Wife. The last interpreter, especially, has a genuine comic moment. All right, I mentioned that 1940 was the year that Stan and Ollie had their last movie released from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a comedy team, both born in the state of New Jersey, would make their first photo in what would be their home studio, Universal. The director of this movie would be the one who guided L & H in The Flying Deuces the year before. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. Q. It was during this filming that script supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones suffered an accident involving a rolled up carpet. This incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send the roses to the hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until Babe's death in 1957.
