Follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two hard-to-surpass movies. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless someone insists on JITTERBUGS or another of the later movies) that Laurel and Hardy did. It's just that it's a little movie, without the crazy destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the awesome vision of Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD. At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two. film a bit, but that's not really a bad point for that. You have enough time to hit the right notes. It's not as special as the other two. Stan and Ollie work in a factory that makes bugles. I suspect there was some Chaplin influence in this sequence (one of them resembles a similar incident on the assembly line in MODERN TIMES just four years earlier). Ollie's nerves finally crack, and he's furious. He goes home and (of course) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric teacher on his instrument (you have - a trombone). After hurting the poor teacher, Ollie has problems with the incompetent caretaker / engineer (Ben Turpin in a beautiful short appearance) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his tester (a balloon that inflates when you push the air out Ollie's stomach). Finleyson announces that it is a serious case of "hornifobia", and Ollie needs a vacation with plenty of goat's milk. They end up going to a ship, but Ollie and Stan know nothing about seamanship - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat gnaws at the rope until it breaks and the ship departs. Also unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, a dangerous criminal who escaped. This is not going to be a peaceful vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (as a CHUMP) could have been three short, one at the factory, one at the apartment and one at the boat. Each would have been a success, and they all make a funny movie - but the stitching of the parts together shows. There are some very entertaining moments in the film - the discoveries of how Turpin's ineptitude causes various setbacks with water taps and stoves in the apartment; the accidental remarks of the building manager, Charlie Hall, when Stan or Ollie walks past him and asks for directions ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks - "Surely you can not lose - it's down there! ", who realizes what stupid comment he just made); and the ill-treatment of Cramer to his two hostile slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allusion to the Dean brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal teams of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey's PRIDE OF SAO LOUIS). Cramer tells the boys to prepare some food - and they make a synthetic meal (laces for spaghetti, for example) to make him sick too much. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> The film SAPS AT SEA is not at the same level as the Laurel & Hardy films, but it's a good movie overall and a good ending to the best years of your career. cinematographic career (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the two years immediately prior to the appearance, the boys and Roach had serious problems involving production costs (OUR RELATIONSHIP where Stan was producer of the film), artistic problems (SWISS MISS scenes were cut out senseless) and contractual arguments (leading to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon at ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie reacted with the book THE FLYING DEUCES, in which the production was not of Roach, but of Boris Morros. Finally, an agreement of two photos of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and, on a high note, the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they have never encountered a subsequent relationship with a producer as satisfying as this.
