I enjoyed this movie so much more than anything it took me to anticipate; When reading other reviews here, I suspect that it benefits greatly from being seen on a life-size screen at the movies, in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. I was fortunate to have this experience, supported in waves of laughter from all sides, and amused myself immensely with this uncompetitive comedy. <br /> <br /> Well it's like a comedy that shines, shines anywhere. The music is nothing special - in fact, I had not realized it was a musical, and I was very surprised when the assembled ancestors exploded in half-spoken lyrics - but I have to admit the half threat, half promise of "Oh, what I'm going to do ... "proved to be so much more captivating than it seemed then, as it's still spinning around in my head! The plot As it is, it revolves around the past history of the epicurea Francesca, a portrait of the sixteenth century sporting a distinctly anachronistic hairstyle and fur coat. His idea of ​​the sanctity of marriage does not match those of his distant descendant, Countess Angelina, and you can almost hear the plot creaking at the seams under the weight of the Production Code in order to ensure that the heroine arrives intact. in his very late matrimonial bed with the right man ... <br /> <br /> The novel does not come to shake the earth, and indeed the first scenes, played very well, bordering on the tedious. But where script and film really come to life is in the battle of the sexes that follows. The impudence of Douglas Fairbanks Jr's courtship with Betty Grable's married Angelina is matched only by Betty-Grable-as-Francesca's pursuit of him, culminating in a complete reversal of roles in the hilarious fantasy sequence where she literally sweeps him. His feet. This is probably the comic climax of the plot, although the consequences of the Colonel's understandable confusion are resolved with a skilful twist on the two remaining "acts" of the operetta structure, and the spectacle of Fairbanks' blessed and blissful awakening is more or less is worth the price of admission on their own. <br /> <br /> Grable is totally convincing in establishing his two contrasting characters, wisely gets almost every corner opportunity (limited), and shares the honors where the citation ranges dialogue in the various verbal duels. But in the field of unexpressed reaction, it is actually superseded by its masculine support tracks; Fairbanks, in particular, is an absolute delight in a series of speechless sequences, whose setup and mood are worthy of the silent screen. <br /> <br /> This movie is very uneven in style to be a classic, ranging from brilliant replica. to banal boredom. But at best, it's actually very funny, and it brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter throughout the auditorium at the end when the lights came on. Outdated with his times, he may have failed to appeal to contemporary audiences - but in that performance he did not really deserve to be reneged on both Grable and Preminger, the (uncredited) director. This is not a masterpiece, but a minor job completely amusing, and I at least found myself smiling in remembrance all the way home.
