Spider-Man is, in my opinion, the best superhero of all time, and this game is the best superhero game of all time. Although it can be a bit easy, you have to play several times to get all the clothes and covers of comic books, which makes up for the ease of going through the game. It may seem difficult to control at first, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be using Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> Bosses, while levels are a bit easy, are Fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so because, as comic book fans know, Scorpion is one of the most deadly villains in Spider-Man. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who in my opinion is the easiest boss in the game, which definitely should not be. Boss 4 is Venom again. This time it's a bit harder to hit, but still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who I think is the most fun boss to fight in the game. He is also one of the toughest bosses, but again, it's still fairly easy. The next boss is the Carnage, which is, you guessed it, easy to hit. But Carnage is really fun to fight. The 7th boss is Doctor Octopus, who is like all other bosses easy, but not as easy as the others because he has a shield. The eighth and final boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic or cartoon. I'm not going to ruin everything for you guys who did not play the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not very easy. It took me 4 or 5 tries to knock while the others I hit on the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very good game. I gave him an 8 out of 10. The reasons I did not give 9 or 10 are that once you get all the clothes and magazine covers, it gets kind of boring (doing all this will take a while), it's not much I need comics or cartoons, bosses are very easy, and they should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air! They also did not use following this game! Well, the Green Goblin is the villain of the next Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they'll make a video game based on the movie.
