Jacknife is a war movie that is as far from war as war movies. It can hardly be classified as a war movie because the only way any war has an effect on the story or the characters is in their memories of it, and even these are almost never shown. He puts very interesting questions about life, especially in how the slogan of the film says that only one of them is really alive (and by the way, although the slogan refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) is talking about all three characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs came back to take Dave on a fishing trip they've been planning for much longer than you think. <br /> <br /> DeNiro provides a perfect performance of the character of Megs, who we are not sure if we would like or if he really is as crazy as Martha thinks he is. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not her friend, just someone he knows. There's a big scene at the beginning of the movie where Megs went out to get a six-pack of beer from his car for breakfast, and he's around the corner of the room when Dave says it. Megs pauses for a moment and then heads into the living room with a smile and a huge salute. It's not until later that you realize how Megs must have felt when you heard this, having been the one to remember what they planned to do this day. It reminds me of the old man's falsehood. "Sure, let's do it," which people often say to each other, never having any plans to do such a thing. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers a wonderful performance as Dave, who never outlasted the effects that the war had on him. Even so, many years later, he failed to overcome the death of a friend during the war, blaming himself until today for this and thus drowning his life in alcohol, cigarettes and solitude. All he wants, he says, is for people to leave him alone. This is not a man who is living his life the way he wants, whether people really leave him alone or not, he is a man trying to forget that he is alive, to separate himself from the living world as much as possible. Your sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least in terms of my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and both act as if they were still living with their mother, hoping the mess would leave when they left the room for a while. One in particular (the older, sadly) has absolutely no idea how to take care of himself, I'm surprised he does not have to wipe his chin while he eats. Martha has to do the same for her brother, whom she waits on her hand and foot as he staggers through life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and neither can get out of it until something important changes, and Dave is the one who needs to change. <br /> <br /> I have a tendency to complain about romance in films where he does not belong as much as Roger Ebert complains of those pathetic devices of tension, red digital reading. But in this case, I do not think the romance that develops between Megs and Martha has any adverse effect on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic subplots in Bruckheimer's movies and everything else is that they're so predictable that you just wait for the obvious ending to come and hope for something interesting to happen along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha might be right about him, that he is one of Dave's crazy war friends and that he is not the kind of man she should be dating. Dave certainly encourages this idea. Some years after this film, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he plays a demented criminal for revenge against the lawyer who put him in prison, a character who, in retrospect, makes it very easy to think that perhaps in the Jacknife's final Martha realizes her mistake, getting rid of Megs, and she and Dave make amends because he saved her from a horrible relationship and then he decides to clean up his act. because he did something good for her. I was kind of hoping for that to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs got together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave all the questions about what they planned to do after the war was over. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this is a slow-moving drama, but Jacknife is fun along the way and has a huge reward at the end, which surprisingly manages to be sentimental without being tacky. There is an almost excessive amount of emotion at the end of the film that hardly fits the rest of the film, but it is so good that it does not dull anything that the movie did until that moment. Everyone involved gives a wonderful performance, and it's one of those rare movies that almost make you want to stand up and swing your fists in the air.
