The combination of reading Novella and watching this movie inspired my wife and me to new levels. Recently I was pondering a statement made by the artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspiring books; He says, "You and I were not designed to breathe the fetid air of five-hour traffic. Nor do I think God had banal television shows, media propaganda, useless shopping, and soul-pollution in mind when he created the universe." I had not seen "A river go by" in a couple of years, but after pondering Kinkade's statement, something called me to watch the movie with a spiritual eye. I watched and saw a whole new world in the movie and this inspired me to read the book (a must read). I've always been frustrated in Southern California, but somehow I got caught up in their materialistic society. The film really puts into perspective how we should really experience the creations of God. A combination of the Macleans story and my desire to return to the Northwest led me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to visit the landscape, fly with me, ride horses in nothing more than open land and serene lakes situated on the mountainside. A place where you rarely care about crime. I look around at SoCal and all I see are malls, rude people in their Mercedez Goods, miles of vehicles on congested highways, gangs, racial unrest on the brink of violent eruption, and everyone skeptical of the intentions of others. <br /> <br /> Either way, the film is very inspiring, with brilliant acting and a deep history about the fragile connections of loved ones. There's a lot of deep thought in this movie. The setting is worth seeing alone and helps ease the tension. You should finish this movie relaxed but full of insight into your own life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to really understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how a director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, camera angles / movement, etc. So this movie is probably not for the crowd who thinks "The Fast and the Furious" is the biggest movie. Granted it was fun, but superficial. <br /> <br /> The Bottom Line: This movie helps you realize that life is not about how much money you have or what things you own. Rather, it is about your relationship with family and friends and the experiences you share together. QUALITY NOT QAUNTITY
