"The Italian" is among the great or almost excellent 1915 films that are available today. The year was a turning point for the feature film, especially in America: Lois Weber's "Hypocrites," "The Cheat" by Cecil B. DeMille and, of course, DW Griffith's Birth of a Nation set new standards for art. In addition, that year, Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best photos, 'After Death' and 'Daydreams'. The French series "Les Vampires" also has its admirers today, although I disagree with them. The emergence of the feature film was led by Europe, notably Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and to some extent, art moved to the other side of the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> < > The Italian's greatest artistic achievement is his impressive and often innovative cinematography. There are some picturesque sunsets, mobile framing, including a brief angle shot of the Italian race to buy a wedding ring and another photo of him holding a moving car, and in general there is a clever use of various camera angles and lighting specialists everywhere. A particularly surprising shot is a close-up of the enraged Italian as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close-up, in reference to D.W. Griffith's "Pig Alley Musketeers" (1912). He is so enraged that his environment begins to tremble around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the director of photography seems to be unfamiliar. The director, though originally without credit in the film, is now known to have been Reginald Barker. Five or more of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but they are hardly noticeable. 'Civilization' (1916), in which he worked, was a major production but a deeply flawed film. By the way, I would say that one or more of the various filmmakers who worked on 'Civilization' also photographed 'The Italian'. <br /> <br /> In addition, all production is far advanced by then. Venice and New York are well rendered, despite the film being shot in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for the ethnic favelas of New York). There are extensive flashbacks, although perhaps one or two are too much. I particularly like the intelligent framing of the narrative as being read in a book by a character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the leader in the main internal narrative. The reading of the story is even more briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and closing of the curtains, à la theater, which is reflected in the inner story during the climax of revenge in the child's bedroom, with opening and closing. of window blinds. Parallel editing, dissolves in the camera and irises and such are manipulated with expertise. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams, as his wife, play well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, "The Italian" has some disadvantages. The film's early comedy moments collide disharmoniously with the last parts of the heavy and heavy melodrama, though the environmental changes from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York work well-mainly because it is backed by lighting and photography. The hard dissolution of the American dream in this film, reinforced by glaring photography, must have been moving to the classes of immigrants who made up a disproportionately large population of the public who went to the movies at that time. Corrigan's character should have been prefigured more; his brief introduction in campaign by another politician seems inadequate for its later centrality in the revenge of the Italian. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naïve or careless not to explain the baby's lack of breastfeeding and unwarranted faith in the other child's healing powers of stillness. In addition to the shortcomings in the plot, 'The Italian' is exceptionally well done.
