Did you see the graduate? It was hailed as the movie of its generation. But A River Runs Through Is the story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character got caught up in the trappings of modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were facing the same overwhelming pressures to grow as they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like post WW1 Montana be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the Old West had not yet completely disappeared? Just what Maclean took to attack so deeply who we are and what we have to go to meet? When the film begins, Norman is an old man, fishing alongside a running river, trying to understand the direction his own life has taken. The film is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, against the present time and back to when it was a boy. He and his younger brother, Paul, were the children of a Presbyterian pastor and dedicated mother. Parents fit neatly into their roles. Mother takes care of the house and the house. Father does the work of the Lord. The boys reflect on what they will be when they grow up. Norm was reduced to a boxer or a minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul would be the boxer, since he said his first choice of pro flyfisherman does not even exist. Boys grow up and get into trouble with their games, struggle to see who is stronger and do the things brothers do while attending church and participating in all other spiritual matters, such as fly fishing. They are at similar times in their lives before college. But when Norm returns from his six years in Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master flyfisherman. Formed by a college reporter and nearby newspaper who knows all the cops and all the judges in the bank. Norman is incredibly well-educated for his day, but he has little idea of ​​what to do with his life, even when his father questions him about what he intends to do. You are left feeling that at least for Pops, God will call you to the work of your life. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it - all your life. The father always took his children to reflect beside the river and contemplate the eternal words of God. "Listen," your father asks. It's Zen and Quakerly. Quite radical for a stoic cleric. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even though the Macleans are truly a God-fearing family and with good scripture, how is Rev. Maclean's family falling apart? Paul is the real perfection while he catches the river but he is feeling the attraction of the game and drinking while his family does not know how to prevent him from ending up where he seems to be going. Mom, daddy, and brother seem to have the same silent despair about not knowing what they should be doing and why they can not help. Pauly just nods with a smile and her irresistible charm. But the younger brother is losing control. Norman begins to put his life on the right track, finding love and career, but Paul continues to slide. The family that loves him watches helplessly. Mother, Father, Brother come across their own ways trying to help, but nothing very effective. How can a family that loves it so much be so ill equipped to deal with it? How can one be so ingenious and full of grace when out of the nature of God, but be somehow unable or unwilling to fit into the constructions of society that the people of God have made for themselves? These are all questions that Norman will ponder all his life. The eternal words under the smooth stones of the river always haunt him, but keep his secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is certainly God's country, and filming won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford jokes about the story of the book and provokes the narration a bit to follow the emotional pattern it is presenting and works well. But go back and read the book too. You'll see Norman making connections with your old man even deeper than the movie may suggest - and you'll see the places where the storyteller's own words gurgle and chant straight from the page with an exuberance of a river past him, leading to the unknown.
