I read the tale of Norman Maclean and the film did justice to the writing of Norman Maclean. My husband tends to re-watch it occasionally, and I even read it and the movie scenes come to mind. We have videos from many of Redford's movies and we watch "A River Goes by" many times. Redford is part of the "family" as he is always around. We never tire of Redford's perception of the writings of Norman Maclean and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me a lot of my own creation, for my father had the same call from Mr. Maclean's father. According to "The River Runs Through It," "Methodists are Baptists Who Can Read," a line that by the way is not in the story, but I think it's a funny phrase! My husband and I are well-read Baptists! <br /> <br /> I've heard a movie critic say that the pace of this movie is too slow. I disagree. As a quest for inner peace, this is the kind of movie that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. Photography is excellent! The acting is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul, as boys, talked and wondered if anyone could be a fisherman or a boxer! So as Paul adult played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but will not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses earthworms as bait, he also needed help, but did not accept the fact that he needed help. The scene in which Paul refuses to eat oats and the whole family has to wait an eternity to say grace! Finally after hours, they all kneel around the table to say, "Grace!" and they all leave. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! That scene where the two love birds and their tattoos on their butts! This is funny! The sunburn! The return home, where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go by the train line! Nice dialogue when Norman proposes to Jessie because he wants her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does an excellent job as a narrator. I could not help but compare Brad to the young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The nominated director, Producer, Actor, is a visionary who deserves to be commended for his advancement not only in the US cinema, but worldwide. I'm happy to live in nineteen hundred, because I saw the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technology and special effects, to be able to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford, because it had the chance to see their works. Redford does not need special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means that line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the hands of the Creator so magnificently and a river passes through it.
