Coonskin may be my favorite movie by Ralph Bakshi. As the best of his work, he's in his face and not ashamed for a second, but unlike some of his other works (even when he's at his best, which was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards) , is not very uneven despite appearances to the contrary. Bakshi is assuming stereotypes and perceptions of race, of course, but in addition he is making what appears to be a free-exploitation film; almost blaxploitation, although Bakshi does not just stop there. If it was just a blaxploitation movie with inventive animation, it could be enough for a substantial feature. But Bakshi's goals are higher: by throwing these grotesque and exaggerated images of not just blacks but Italians / mobsters, homosexuals, Jews, the New York type of Manhattan boroughs in the 1970s, he does not want to do anything. realist. The most normal looking creation in "real" designed look is, in fact, a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism (ie the "tar" - Rabbit, baby "joke, yes joke, more black face", we are looking at large-scale abstraction And best of all, Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a movie like Bamboozled, in delivering his message. That's why, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious work, where some of the images and things made and sudden changes and, of course, scenes of strange behavior (I loved the scene where the three animated characters are being spoken by the real-life white couple in the tuxedo and dressed as "colorful" look and the like), are too much for not It is not only the image, which is in itself incredibly "over" stylized, but that the script is clear and, this is fundamental to Bakshi, considering that it has a rather cohesive narrative to chain improvisations and madness. /> <br /> Using first live-action, then the and then an extremely clever combination of the two (ironically, what Bakshi later went into commercial form with Cool World is made here for a T with less money and a rougher edge), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside from prison to a friend to escape, and Pappy tells the story of Brother Rabbit, who with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox goes to Harlem and becomes a big bandit, with Rabbit in direct opposition to a godfather character of Jabba-the-Hut- esquire. This is obviously a takeoff in Song of the South with its intentionally carefree plot and animation, disassembled here and shown by how rotten and offensive it really is. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi goes for the record. in the combination of forms; animated characters stay behind and move along with live action backgrounds; when violence, gunfire and fights occur, it is as bloody as possible by 1975; when a dirty cop is in a bar and is drugged and put on a black face and a dress, he stumbles in a way that even Disney could not reach with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent when the climax is filmed on slow camera; File filming comes from time to time to old movies, some and some of the twenties that are just tasteless. Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, Bakshi Coonskin serves as first entertainment and then second thought-provoking. It is also audacious to make films on an independent scale; everything from the long takes to the montage and the endlessly distorted drawings for the characters (though all based on the theme of the play) serve the script, where the plot of film B opens much more to the interpretation. To call it racist it misses the point; is like calling the pro-atomic desolation of Dr. Strangelove or the Confederate States of America as slaves. And for me, it's one of the best satire ever made.
