After finally attending Walt Disney's Southern Song on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's response to Coonskin-on's Afons Video, which I associated with Google Video. In this, during the live action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before he added Michael to his middle name professionally) as the last two escape from prison. During his attempt, Pappy tells Randy a story of Brother Rabbit (voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White) and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and his adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a mix of animation and live-action that provides a unique point of view of the writer / director that certainly offends some people. Another fascinating character of animation is Miss America, who is a gigantic blonde woman in every way, dressed in red and white stars and stripes, who grabs a little black man and shoots him in one. of the most sexually violent ways that were shockingly funny to me! There are many scenes thus scattered along the frame, one of which on the frontal anatomy of Brother Bear also provided great chuckles from me. There is also a segment of a woman telling her baby a "cockroach" of whom she was a friend, who left her playing with that part, appearing to be a tribute to comedian George Herriman. I was also fascinated to hear Grover Washington Jr.'s version of "Is not No Sunshine" as part of the soundtrack. The most attractive part of the picture was to see Scatman himself pictured with his head silhouetted during the opening credit sequence singing and spreading to a song that made him use the N word in a satirical way. When I saw a VHS cover of this movie years ago, he had portrayed Brother Rabbit so cheekily in front of what appeared to be Warner's circle with the slogan "This movie will offend EVERYONE". This is ample warning for anyone who thinks that all cartoons are meant for kids. That said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and all forms of animation.
