An impressive achievement occurs when some kind of phenomenon occurs !! Be it, fireworks coming out, witnessing a robbery, a hurricane carelessly devastating everything in its path, or indeed any other spectacular occurrence !! In the case of the Maclean Family, however, dawn was something that was no more complex than their daily lives. Montana, in the early twentieth century, was an environment that was rude and confusing ... The Maclean family consisted of four people. people, the father, a minister, who was ideologically motivated to raise his family properly. His wife was God fearing and obedient. The two boys were, well ... BOYS !! .. What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before he really was !! Brad Pitt, and his acting as an actor in this movie was, to say the least, remarkable !!! His brother, Norman, was of the cerebral type, he was touched by emotions that were genuine and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed to !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a misfit of the displacement, and lived on the edge ... You would think that Montana in the 1920s had no such thing, but somehow gambling, drinking and violent confrontations were so much a part of Paul , as was your fly fishing rod !! Flying fish!! I said that? Relatively, this was the core theme of this movie !! The re-creation of fly fishing served as a cohesive bond that homogenized the Maclean brothers' related spirits and, to a lesser extent, the father !! I would describe the acting in this film as incredibly believable, and the cinematography went beyond sensational. Put it this way, anyone who sees this movie will want to live in Montana. Breathtaking film of blue mountains and bluest streams captured the youth and effervescence that the Maclean brothers had for life ... Rarely in a movie do you witness whereby the feelings immediately invoke stubborn tenacity to accomplish whatever someone wants to perform ... The Maclean brothers lived life to the fullest, and for better or worse, the father knew that this would be the only way for them to become men ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of the Maclean through the perspective of older brother Norman ... Norman is offered a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and marries the woman he will always fall in love with ... What this movie also points out is that little brother, Paul, has achieved an accomplishment nt of his own by being the epitome of a remarkable fly fisherman !! The sordid side of life prevails in the existence of the younger brother, and exerts an insidious form of consternation to the Maclean family !! As most human failures go, the Maclean family made light of turbulent waters, (literally) and thus established the unit as a family, putting the required blinders !!! The end of the film "River" Runs Through It "presents an epigram of life through the eyes of the older brother ... For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his This fate is largely due to the fact that reflecting on your life is the same as yearning for people who have passed away! The good memories of your brother, your wife, your mother and your father should now be seen philosophically! For Norman, his life was relegated to stubborn facts that determined his dubious vision and his precarious determination! Something as simple as the statement "This was your life, and this is how you lived" is a dark memory of joy, sorrow, of his regrets and of the love he gave, just as he was the recipient of Best Placed in the last sermon he heard his father give, his father said, "We can love someone completely without understanding them completely." happened in your life or not, it happened anyway! Norman Maclean must deal with the fact that his life has been fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a decrepit octogenarian who is polarized by virtual conclusions for his life !! The dark waters of picturesque Montana rivers serve as a vicious and disconnected ending to your years on earth !! Undoubtedly, the very prolific statement of "what seems complicated is really very simple" shows a very bitter message in this film ... More simply ... The people and places that were important in Norman's life are now just a bittersweet memory ... merely a painfully intellectual rumination of events that are aggravated by the haunted waters of the beautiful streams and rivers of Montana ... For which, for the entire Maclean family, "all things merge into one and a river passes through she"
