There are legions of Mick Garris foes out there who feel he could not direct a quality horror movie if it was needed. And, SLEEPWALKERS (.. script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like SLEEPWALKERS, although I'm fully aware that Garris just says F # ck and lets all hell free up about fifteen or more minutes in the movie. Forget the development of characters or plots, who needs them anyway. It is about violent disorder and bloody carnage as a pair of "somnambulists" (metamorphoses and feline-human creatures who suck the life force of innocent female virgins, changing from city to city, living a truly powerful, nomadic existence). visions in a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. Before all is said and done, many will be slaughtered like a mother who does not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris spends little time riding those who will be executed as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), suspecting that All American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) is someone completely different from who he claims, his hand is plucked and his neck plucked. Charles draws beautiful virgins into his arms, drawing his energy, in turn "feeding" his hungry mother, Mary (Alice Krige). The new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and she seems to be easy, but this will not be the case and when Charles is seriously injured in a fight (thanks to a police officer's cat, Clovis), Mary's revenge will be gleaned from all those that get their way. Mary, come to hell or high water, will restore Tanya in the goal of "refreshing" her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I had a crush on certain actresses I watched in the movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was in love with Mädchen Amick. She is simply adorable in this movie and I love how she bites her lower lip displaying an obvious attraction for Charles, unaware of his ulterior motives. I just knew Mädchen Amick would be destined to be a screaming queen, but that would never be the case. Too bad because I would have received her in the genre with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is hot as the menacing, damn sexy, but vicious, mean bitch that wipes out a whole police force and Tanya's poor parents. on a fault in less than ten minutes. She stabs one on the back with an ear of corn! She bites poor Ron Perlman's fingers before snapping her arm (a protruding bone), leaving him unconscious with his own elbow! She throws Tanya's mother through a window after breaking a vase of roses on her father's face! A cop is stabbed in his ear by Charles (Cop-kebab!), Falling in pencil for an extra impact. Poor Tanya is dragged through the hairs of her house by Mary, taken to Brady's house, and forced into an impromptu dance with the crippled monster! The sheriff is thrown into a fence and we see how cats fight sleepwalkers unlike humans. We see the abilities of Mary and Charles to "darken" themselves and their car by using an invisibility power. Writer Stephen King still finds time to include himself and his fellow terror director in a sequence of crime scenes with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensic officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as photographic experts. <br /> <br /> The film is filmed in an ironic way, with the music appropriately hammering this technique at home. It's about ultra-violence, simple like that, with demented behavior and dark humor praising Garris's direction and King's script. The incestuous angle of sleepwalkers is a bit shocking and impassive. Without a trace of complexity, this is closer to King's demented MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE than to his more serious works.
