Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a century old. Who does not know these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and put together a trailer for this movie (which does not exist and is not being created, let alone by this team). Perhaps what is most in favor is how polite it is. All the while, cinematography is solid. The issue is timely. The production values, even with the costumes more similar to those of his comics than with the films that feature these characters, are very high. It sounds pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. The physical types fit, as far as I know, in all the characters. The lines are fairly well written. The shots are well thought out, well achieved and quite effective. However, this has problems, and although it looks good, it does not match the energy and ability of Grayson (who only had the problem of swinging back and forth between a short and a trailer as well as unbridled passion leading to inclusion of many characters and ideas). The performance is perhaps the most obvious. It is not good. Even some of those that have only one line and / or almost do not appear on the screen fail to achieve good performance. The actors in the parts seem to have been chosen more by how much they resemble the characters they are playing than by their talent. Then there is the writing. Actually, the plot, well, what a tiny amount there is (this and this character unite, something about some evil plan ...) is fine. There is a problem in the characterization. While most characters seem to fit in, Two-Face is, well, as much as a lunatic (which is pretty simple, as far as I understand, not what the character is) as he was in Batman Forever (and having his work in portraying any element of the Batman universe compared to the efforts of Joel Schumacher could be considered the biggest insult to a fan. In addition, putting this character in this will cause comparisons between that trailer and that film (honestly, Collora is practically * begging * for this with such a similar initial revelation) to be made, and, let's face it, that loses in every respect. Michael Antonik definitely does not have the screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones does, and the makeup (which, in the above revelation, is essential) is not as strong as that of the movie (whether or not it's good at the movies). the movie is another matter). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be a lot more to the comics, and get them, the depth of them, the better (not to mention possessing more than one ability to come up with convincing plot .. Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films, or more), Collora seems to be the only one with access to funds and the one most likely to have contacts (for having non-indie credits in his filmography) to actually get shot at doing an actual feature of your trailer. I intend to see other works by Collora. But Fiorella is one of the two whose work I will definitely be more interested in. I recommend this to fans of the characters. 7/10
