Being a fan of genre films, a child of the 80's and a fan of hard rock ... this film occupies a special place in my heart. It has everything you could want in a supernatural film: action, great special effects (for 1986) and a glam-rock guitar soundtrack. Certainly it was the movie for all heavy metal fans at the time. I did not see it in the movies because it was never released in theaters around here ... but video popularity during the mid-80s guaranteed its cult status and eventually led to a (sadly, mediocre) DVD release in 2002. If you not a fan of scary movies or rock music, it's probably not your cup of tea ... but, believe me, there are worse films of this kind out there ... and despite the average acting and some outrageously ridiculous Situations, Trick or Treat is definitely a riff lamenting above the usual horror. You will never see your stereo again in the same way. Or should I say MP3 player? TRICK OR TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) played the nerd Skippy Handelman in the popular long-running comedy 'Family Ties'. After a series of direct shortcomings to the video, including 'Little Devils' 'Killer Tomatoes eats France' and 'The Rescue', he gave up acting to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. Recently he has been considering a return to TV. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a major Hollywood producer / writer. He has written and produced several major films and TV series, including: 'Space: Above and Beyond''The X-Files''Final Destination''Jet Li is The One''Willard' and most recently 'Final Destination 3'. Tony Fields (Sammi) began his career as a dancer on the TV series "Solid Gold". He has appeared in several low budget films and TV shows before getting his role as the devilish Sammi Curr in 'Trick or Treat'. Unfortunately, Tony died on February 27, 1995 of AIDS-related cancer. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his pioneering twenty-something homosexual role in Matt Fielding on the popular sitcom "Melrose Place." Since then, he has had a long and varied career as an actor, appearing in movies and TV series such as: 'The One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation' and the short-lived science fiction series Joss Whedon 'Firefly' . Currently he can be seen as Tom Scavo in the series 'Desperate Housewives'.
