I heard about this movie when I watched "100 Most Metal Moments" from VH1. In the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a special guest) and several other interviewees discussed how horrible this movie is. Unlike most people, I'm often more curious about films that are reputed to be ridiculously bad than, say, a movie masterpiece. The advantage of having this kind of attitude is half the time I discover that the movies are far from as bad as people have said, and I end up liking a lot more than I initially expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now it's hard to make a movie about a teenager who gets messages from a heavy metal star by playing one of his old albums without people mocking the premise. Of course, it's certainly a strange premise, but that was never made before! Give filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you're looking to buy the DVD without knowing the movie beforehand, do not be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. However, while Simmons plays an ungrateful role, Ozzy has a special guest appearance as a Reverend (ie a Reverend!) Who speaks out against heavy metal. On the one hand, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And on the other hand, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Of course, it's a cheap but effective shot. The acting is very good. I found the performances compelling. Teenage characters are horribly clichéd. So expect the usual set of athletes and nerds. And like in all these movies, the pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the main character alienated but continues to date her boyfriend. Why is she dating such a complete idiot in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is to watch the evil athletes from these films get shot down, since I was a high school pariah. The film kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is very conventional and made me roll my eyes because there would be one predictable situation after another. But overall, the movie is not at all bad and definitely worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 of 10)
