Undoubtedly the best heavy metal heavy metal item made in the '80s headbangin, which admittedly does not seem to much considering how abysmal many other appearances in this strange subgenre of horror films like "Hard Rock Zombies", "Blood Tracks" , "" Terror on Tour ", and especially the ungodly Jon-Mikl Thor starring" Rock'n'Roll Nightmare "tend to be. In addition, this still deserves props to minimize the excess of splatter and the special unnecessary glow to focus on teenage high school characters who are portrayed with greater acuity and plausibility than the norm for teenagers of the mid-1980s. moreover, the sarcastic parody of the movie about the ridiculously exaggerated heavy metal stupidity of and the disgusting hypocrisy of conservative conservatives who claimed to be the devil's music are very clever and funny (famous Greed Decade, avy metal Ozzy.) Osbourne has a hilarity as an anti-metal TV evangelist!) Marc Price (the hopelessly ignorant Skippy in "Family Ties") gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as Eddie " Ragman "Weinbauer. , a socially awkward and severely persecuted nerd heavy metal aficionado who is constantly chosen by the idiot idiots who make up the majority of the Lakeridge High School student body (the cruelty and cruelty of high school kids is nailed with painfully credible accuracy). Eddie's life gets worse when his idol of rock star Sammi Curr (an impressive portrait of Tony Fields) perishes in the fire of a hotel. Local hip-hop Nuke (KISS vocalist Gene Simmons in a special guest) picks up Eddie with Sammi's final, unreleased album, which, when played backwards, resurrects Curr's malevolent spirit back from the dead. Sammi encourages Eddie to talk to him about all the despicable bastards who make Eddie's poor life the proverbial hell of life, only to have meek Eddie as a very reluctant accomplice. It's up to Eddie, assisted by the nice girl Leslie Graham (probably rehearsed by the lovely Lisa Orgolini), to stop Sammi before things get out of hand. Powerfully directed with commendable consideration and sensitivity by his character actor Charles Martin Smith (who also briefly appears as a nerd school teacher), cleverly written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson, and Rhet Topham, and acted competently by a uniformly missing cast, this infallible sleeper until complete. with a bunch of cool leaping moments (an outrageous onslaught on the back of a car for a mutant thing with long tongue, grotesquely lewd, as the definitive highlight), a Carrie-style high school dance slaughtering sequence used the Halloween scenario, revenge being shown correctly as a really ugly deal, and a solid central message that you should not make a person super excited about your hero strictly because of the calculated posture antiestablishment that the guy did to qualify that special status.
