The best film about the battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960 epic, The Alamo. In a single job as a director-producer, who temporarily tied him financially, Wayne demonstrated that he was gifted at making films out of his ability to act as a character that personifies the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on this movie. on a review the other night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the screenwriter) tackled some points that were barely mentioned in previous films about the battle. They brought the question of slavery. They also finally discussed the contribution of local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the War for Independence alongside Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness (though well hidden) in the movie. Wayne worked hard to pitch him properly, thinking of many people for leading roles in him. But he did not deal with the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an obscure actor, Ruben Padilla (in this forum, his topic shows only three credits listed). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he has one of the last shots in the film, he is only shown as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of the Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite several bad choices in the film, The cast of this television movie (The Alamo: thirteen days into the story), is the best film in showing the man who was (from 1836 to 1854) a leading boggart for American politicians. Raul Julia was a wonderful actor. I was lucky to see him in a production (in the late 1980s) of ARMS AND THE MAN in Manhattan, as Sergius. He has never been boring, and usually first class in his acting. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster at its worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not fit the desires or activities of Santa Anna. It may be the failure of an ordained in the military to bring some item he asked for fast enough, or it may be the temerity of these "foreign thugs" (as he saw the Americans) in not knuckling down to himself, "Napoleon the West. " Santa Anna was Mexico's president five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He said he first got involved in overthrowing a president because that president did not comply with the country's constitution, but it was the power that kept him going year after year. It is a sad comment that he was the main Mexican historical figure in those two decades. No political figure or military figure would rise to annul it until Benito Juarez did so in the late 1850s. Initially he claimed great liberal ideals, but once admitted that the people of Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they can rule themselves (and so he sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talking about the people he helped lead against Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about him was that he managed to keep coming back. His policies were disastrous. Although we know about his attack on Texas (to bring down a revolt), he also tried to expand to Guatemala (and probably found himself controlling much of Central America). He won in the Alamo, but with great cost of living. His massacre of Colonel Fannin's men in Goliad was inexcusable (arguing for the destruction of the Alamo defenders who were fighting to the end, but Fannin surrendered). Then came the San Jacinto disaster, where his army was wiped out (he did not take proper precautions to keep an eye on American troops). He was captured and humiliated, and forced to sign a surrender from Texas. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to tie him up. Except for losing a leg in a battle against the French in 1838, he could not hurt himself in most of his wars. He repudiated Texas's forced surrender, but could not unduly militarily. Instead, it would lead Mexico to defeat in the war of 1846-48 against the Americans, leading to the Mexican Session. The US was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the Southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be the last president in 1853, in time to give the horrendously poor administration of Franklin Pierce, it is a moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico (the "Gadsden Purchase") to the US. (not even Porfirio Diaz) cost his country so much (Diaz sold himself for foreign business interests, but he built the economic muscles of Mexico). He was exiled in 1855 and we settled on Staten Island. There he was able to do his job more creatively: he introduced chewing gum in the USA and became chewing gum. Some achievement! Santa Anna, by Julia, is younger than the cynical and intriguing who has become the best land agent in the United States. He will not object and he jumps up raging at any moment. Most of the time his main aide, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British officer) holds his tongue - he does not want to stand in front of a firing squad as it could be. But Stiers is secretly less than delighted by his boss. In the end, when he is alone with the newly widowed wives of the Alamo's dead defenders, Stiers suggests they tell the world how Santa Anna really is. And they did!
