When I saw the movie for the first time in the early 1970s, I was impressed by this movie. Visually it was impressive and the events on campuses in Europe and the US made you relate to what Antonioni was trying to say so well visually in the final 15 minutes of the movie: blowing up "tyrannical" establishments and the interests of big business in his mind. The repeated explosion of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert, the female protagonist enjoying the natural flow of cold water, painting a plane in psychedelic drawings (even Staid British Airways did this a few years ago) are some of the images that were copied by the staff of advertising around the world for decades. Even Pink Floyd has increased the number of fans after the movie was released. <br /> <br /> You see this movie about 30 years later and you start wondering why the same movie lost its appeal. Today, anti-establishment films have more substance - facts, documentation, great performances, and great scripts. Antonioni seems outdated; a flawed genius. Even seeing Antonioni's "Blow Up", today you have the similar feeling that it is outdated. "Zabriski Point" has to be evaluated for what it was when it was released. It was a great movie if you were to see it on a wide screen of Panavision unlike the dwarf TV screens. The visual and auditory fascination (Mick Jagger, Kieth Richards, Pink Floyd, et al.) Remains. The lead pair were not great actors, but they were cute and natural. One of them (Mark Frechette) died in prison in the USA extending the reality of nonconformist values ​​that he personified in the film. <br /> <br /> Today, Antonioni seems to be out of sync. But watch carefully and you'll enjoy the soft sounds of the ordinary actors - Rod Taylor, GD Spradling, the ladies at the pool, the cops on the landing strip. The real sounds in contrast are the nonconformists. Antonioni was relevant for 30 years, but his understanding of the environment can not be questioned until today. He knew what he was doing.
