I have to admit that I've always found it difficult to watch an Antonioni movie from start to finish on the first try, and even for this movie, I ended up watching it in three parts on repeated occasions. In the end, I realized that maybe it was better that way, because it forced me to stop thinking about the usual terms of the plot and just enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems much more fragmentary, which is not a bad thing, it only requires one more effort to follow. When it comes to the desert scenes, all efforts are paid in full. The impressive cinematography is just a part of it, what really makes it all unforgettable is how the landscape is transformed into an overwhelming presence, the silence and the vastness of it, the feeling of sadness and freedom, the way it merges and contrasts with the two. young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it seems less distant and strange than the urban scenes of the first part. The dance between the plane flying over and the girl's car makes a series of great photos. The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it's hard to imagine this kind of approach from a movie of our times. There is, of course, something very elegant and studied about them, but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural and spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days. Everything seems loose and unplanned (thanks also to discreet acting), but this is the result of a manic attention to detail and form, which reaches its climax in the series of explosions at the end, a truly mesmerizing spectacle. It only makes you impressed. <br /> <br /> I do not really care about some of the usual objections: boring - well, yes, it is, if you want all the movies to follow a classic plot and be packed with twist of action, but if all cinema was like this, it would be truly monotonous and sad; pretentious - maybe, but when that kind of ambition is coupled with real skills, depth and style, pretentious is a compliment. The "political" criticisms make the least sense to me, I do not see the point of approaching a film like this with ideological blinkers or worse patriotic demands. It just defeats purpose. It may be true that, as a previous commentator commented, Antonioni saw these young "hippies" and the politics of riots and riots with the police with the fascination of a foreigner, but I think that adds something rather than harming the film. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at the time (think of the 1968 protests, as in France), although they were obviously different from the American counterpart and, in some ways, even more militant. But his interest in this film was not strictly political. The events seem more like a pretext for a film whose appeal has a universal and timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the main precursors of the contemporary 'artistic' music video, as well as the concept of a movie soundtrack that stands out by itself but unlike the first, uses the music in a much more subtle way, mixing it with the landscape and not with the action. <br /> <br /> If you want traditional narrative in a movie, then do not bother. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
