When this movie was made, the hippie thing became mainstream. The ideas of counterculture were well established, which is why such a great film could be made. However, it has something to say and is said very well. In addition to those who are just waiting for the masturbation material, this movie is credited for its beautiful scenes (which in itself is more than enough reason to see the movie). The soundtrack to this film, which actually became more popular than the film itself, is another advantage. Pink Floyd's "Careful with that Ax Eugene," combines well with the explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a calm and pleasant mood. But. It seems that the messages from this movie have been most neglected. If you do not get it, what seems to be the case for more, I'll give you some tips: The man (tough guy, what ever his name is-Mark?) Is a part of a "reality group". He leaves this group saying something like "I'm willing to die, but not bored." He later goes to a joyride with a stolen plane, probably to get some action. As it's in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) is played (I think). This song contains the phrase "We must go you and me while we can," this has not yet been heard in the film. (Maybe stretch a little too far meaning the quote is essential?) On the plane, he checks a girl (Daria), who is driving in her car for a conference (about giving typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super relaxing place in the desert where everything is so simple and enjoyable.For the whole family!), diving down, almost knocking on the car. He lands the plane and joins the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at the point of Zabriskie, where they amuse themselves as living creatures and nature. Later a family with a big car (the kind you sleep in) and a high speed boat are shown visiting Zabriskie Point, the father saying something like "what a waste of driving all the way here", and the kid sitting inside of the car smiling. I felt an attitude "it was not much better than on television". Daria takes Mark back to the plane which is now painted in a psychedelic style, with the identity number changed to "no war" on one side and "speechless" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where he stole, telling Daria before leaving "I do not risk anything" or something, one of several tips about him not caring much about his fate. (That's because he has the feeling that the environment around him does not give him anything - "I wonder what happens in the real world") At the airport he is found by police officers who shoot him even if he has returned the plane. Daria hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference at the fantasy mansion. Here she feels alienated after the adventures with her just killed friend. She likes fresh water running down a rock, more than the pool. Inside the house, the viewer once again is given a clue about anti-materialism. "She looks through a glass wall, holding her hands in the glass as if it were stuck. Businessmen are seen arguing, the side eager to make a big deal, the other afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks back, visualizing it exploding. After the house, several other things explode, for example, a television. She smiles, happy that she has inside herself destroyed what she after the encounter with Mark look like something negative. <br /> <br /> To summarize: Mark obviously experience the "reality group" as not very useful as they just sit and talk, do not take any action. He clearly has bad feelings about things being as they are, and it seems like he feels there's no use fighting it. He wants out. He helps Daria, who is "in mind, but not in action," seeing her point of view. Where his sense of being unbalanced ends up leading to his death, one might expect Daria to use the ideas in a way that becomes more constructive. In the movie you see how a city (LA) is being polluted by commercials (shame you have to show the commercial to explain the point), you see businessmen decide what the future is, etc., and you see people being unhappy with these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I only saw the movie once, so I did not get all the points, but I certainly have a sense of what this movie has to say, and I find it strange that this movie can be called insignificant. If you say the points are being very obvious, I can see why, this movie was probably meant to appeal to the post-hippie radicals "digging" the anti-establishment thoughts. Even so, it has a lot to say, and its message is still needed today, things practically evolving in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is really a great movie, telling a story about normal young people (not far from the hippies who stumble around from the toes in acid, digging everything) seeking what they perceive as real, unsatisfied with the conventional. And this is done in a truly beautiful way.
