I was told it was one of those movies "either you love it or you hate it". Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie season, dated and easy symbolism and everything. So I probably do not like everyone when it comes to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly a decade earlier) are my favorites among his movies so far. Made two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point should have been Michelangelo's great American epic. But apparently, it turned out to be a failure. I really can not see why. Before watching, I read that it was kind of annoying, so I prepared for a very slow movie - although I love a slow movie. To my taste, Zabriskie did not have a tedious minute. As I watched, I made a mental note of how it was on the board's part to make frequent use of advertising posters in almost every urban scene, huge billboards surpassing any human form in sight. This recurring visual element is obviously there to underline the way consumerism crushes the individual in American society. But then I watched L'Eclisse soon after, which is in Rome in the early 60's, and I noticed that Antonioni often included billboards as well. After all, is the masterful use of landscapes, architecture, and inanimate objects in every frame, with or without humans, a trademark of Antonioni? is precisely how he evokes the psychological states of his characters, with more or less underestimated power and great visual impact. He is virtually unsurpassed in this ability. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point starred in two very attractive tracks that should have become big stars of the '70s, but they never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had seen in the film Uomini Contro by Francesco Rosi, had a very tragic life and died at age 27. According to his biography page, he donated his $ 60,000 earnings from Zabriskie to a commune. Mark's co-star, Daria Halprin, apparently also the wife of Dennis Hopper later, has the natural and attractive beauty of a young Ornella Muti ?? one of those luminous beauties that does not need an ounce of makeup to turn your head. Like Frechette, she only graced some obscure films and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. Most notably, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that brings home a youthful joviality feel like few I have ever seen - as well as a powerful cathartic ending. It may be the most banal sequence ever filmed with regard to its symbolism, but I can not see how anyone can deny its beauty and wonderful sense of emotional release. There has never been such a good and poetic explosion. It seems to be a blast that restores order instead of bringing chaos.
