Not many times when I watch a movie and say "huh, what?", But that was one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point I felt the same thing that Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001 - he only liked the movie after watching it three times over a period of two years, realizing that the filmmaker was ahead of him at the what was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to make films inside the US (after Red Desert, Blow-Up, China and The Passenger, all filmed outside his native Italy), I could feel that he almost tried to learn about the ways of the country through its own domain of the environment. The results show that he does not lack the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and a visual representation of that time. "The job of a director is to see," Antonioni said. Whatever that means, he does not disappoint the admirer of his post-fifties work (I say after the fifties, as I have not seen any of his films before L'Aventura). <br /> <br /> What he misses is a point, at least the kind of point he could bring in Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You get the feel of what's around these characters, what the themes are bringing to your consciousness, however, in this case, the characters and the actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, coming from the hard-knocks school of neo-realist cinema, does what he can with his predominantly unprofessional cast (those who look more like real actors are subjugated to the role of corporate characters), but the two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem as if Antonioni underestimated them. Maybe that was the point. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not very confusing, as Mark escapes his existence around the bustling and dangerous campus life going on in the LA area in the late 1960s, and Daria is sent from LA to head to Phoenix for a business meeting. They meet by chance like Mark's plane (how does he know to drive, maybe some background information there?) And Daria's car meets, and they spend some time together in an existential kind of groove in the desert. In addition to a hypnotizing and stylistically mesmerizing sex scene, much of this is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> The two lanes are fair enough to look at, but what exactly draws them to each other out of curiosity? The ideas that emerge (in part from a script written by Sam Shepard) are not very revealing, except for a brief moment when drugs versus reality are lifted. So the film goes into the third act, when Mark decides to do the right thing under disastrous circumstances, and Daria arrives at his boss's place, only to be in complete disillusionment (regardless of the infamous last five minutes or so the film). Although the film took a long time to tell its story, I did not have as much trouble with it as with the story that involves only a certain type of viewer. I understand and empathize with the feelings, doubts and fears, as well as with the anti-establishment self-confidence, but perhaps Antonioni is not fully aware of it. In some scenes, he as director and editor (and the often surprising cinematography of Alfio Contini) finds the setting and scenarios more enlightening and fixer than the foreground. It does not mean that the technical side of Zabriskie Point is not involved in a degree (this may make some feel drowsy, since Antonioni is probably much larger as a documentary filmmaker, since he is a theatrical director like Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> Deserts, skies, the city and even the faces in close-ups are filmed with the look of a filmmaker in love with the art of putting things in the frame, bringing us in. equally convincing, with a masterful touch including a sweet Rolling Stones song at one point, and then a pink and surreal Pink Floyd song (re-titled "Careful with that Ax Eugene, one of his best pre- -Dark Side ") sequence. If only the performances were not so one-sided, I might find it like Blow-Up or The Eclipse. It is an unconventional stroke of genius on the one hand and a boring view of the hippie / radical movement of the late 1960s. But what can be boring for an American like me born in the 1980s may not be for others outside the US, such as Italy. And ask not to be discarded immediately after a preview.
