I know this is an unpopular position on Zabriskie Point, but I LOVED this movie. I know, I know - I can legitimately be called a fanatic by Antonioni. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (also known as The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie I do not love, the only one I've ever given less than 8/10 (and one of only three I gave less than a 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse being the other two, although I fully acknowledge that I have to see the two again, it's Beyond the Clouds, which can be called horrible movie.However, there is no better horrible movie if you understand me.Then if you are not an Antonioni fan, you just If you're a casual fan, you're wondering if this particular movie whose name, when spoken of, is often followed by a spit, which is generally dismissed by Antonioni's admirers, is worth seeing , the answer is YES. <br /> <br /> Okay, the reason people tend to hate you is because 99% of moviegoers only care about the narrative of a movie. If a film is surprising in a particular aspect, say, acting or directing cin ematographic, and just decent in their narrative, moviegoers may well love it. But a movie may be the most incredible visual masterpiece and have a stupid or illogical story - another thing that has ruined the cinema over the years: logic - so they absolutely hate the movie. I will actually agree to this in a few ways. As much as I do not like it and want to change my point of view, it's really hard to love a movie whose narrative I perceive as poor. However, other people tend to get irritated by a loose narrative. This is certainly what should keep viewers away from Zabriskie. I could tell the story to you, but you would probably think it was nonsense. It is, in fact, but for me, it just made the effort all the more fantastic and beautiful. I would actually compare him favorably to 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly consistent compared to the disjointed narrative of this film. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point has willingly is humor. Music helps a lot; Scoring includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to the mood of Antonioni's other masterpieces, full of loneliness and desolation. Also the freedom that comes from it. The best sequel to the film is when the main man and the woman (his name is Daria, I know, but I can not remember his name) park in his vehicle next to a historical marker on a deserted road. There is, besides the stone wall that was erected to prevent the cars from flying, an old river bed. It's basically a rocky desert, and the two of them will play in it. The scenery is very beautiful. The woman says, "This is such a beautiful place. What do you think?" The man: "I think he's dead." There is no inclination to know whether this is good or bad. This is very much like feelings expressed in other Antonioni films - the characters are constantly wanting to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, tired of journalism, we have the young hippie sick of the politics of his friends - he thinks they talk too much and do not show what they think is right, or at least he says he does. It seems more to me that he just wanted to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also simply amazing visually. Antonioni's films are all identifiable by just a few pictures, but his visual style was always building. I like Passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point might be your biggest accomplishment in that respect. Well, that may seem strange - L'Aventura and Red Desert are incredibly pictorial. I think it's the camera moves that are particularly incredible here. He obviously made a lot of money with Blowup, which was the biggest hit of the day, the biggest hit of all time. He's right here, especially with his aerial photos. One of the biggest sequels in the movie involves the man, who stole a man's private plane, bombarding Daria in his car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be widely criticized is the politics of the movie. They are certainly easy. Not that hippies were easy, but that the sight of Antonioni's hippies - there was not in Italy, of course - is bizarre and, well, filtered through the eyes of a foreigner. There is a childish critique of publicity, but it is a critique that still exists today. I say, can not you just ignore it? What hurts? Are you out there shopping for things you do not want because of billboards? Or there is also criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that is stealing the land in the desert - the land she and the man have enjoyed for themselves - to make cheap and suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The end, which I will not ruin - you have to see - is almost offensively cheap. I can, however, understand the treatment of the police. Not that I disdained them in general, but they were terrible at the time. They can still be terrible now. They always had a lot of power. <br /> <br /> These trivial arguments against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion of the film very much. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really do not think a hippie would have disagreed with Antonioni. 10/10.
