If Saura had not done anything like this before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now it still deserves inclusion to honor a great director and a great film curator of Spanish culture, but he has done it before, and although we can applaud the riches he has given us, we have to pick favorite spots between similar movies that include Blood Wedding ( 1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevilhanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's 1995 flamenco as his most original and potent cultural document, alongside which Iberia pales. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and in particular his suite "Iberia" for piano. Isaac Albéniz was a major contributor to the externalization of Spanish musical culture - its reformatting to a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His suite "Iberia" is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around performing his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but moving in that direction. Naturally, the Spaniards retook Albéniz, and in Iberia the artists reinterpreted their compositions in terms of various dances and more ethnic and regional styles. But the source is a domesticated and diluted form of musical culture and Spanish dance, compared to the pure Spanishness of pure flamenco. Flamenco, leaving the region of Andalusia, is an amalgam of Gypsy, Spanish-Arab and Jewish cultures. The Iberian Peninsula is simply the peninsula that comprises Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the very concept is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura's Flamenco is an ethnic mix of songs, songs, dances, and that peacock of noble appearance that is the essence of the Spanish style, the way a man and a woman carry themselves with pride bordering arrogance, elegance and elegance - even bullfights and bullfighter movements are full of it - in a series of electric sequences without introduction or conclusion; they just are. Saura has always emphasized the physiognomy of her collaborations with the choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco he abandoned any pretense of a story and simply has singers, musicians and dancers coming in and out of a large sound stage with lighting and screens, apartments and mirrors organized by director of photography Vittorio Storaro, another major filmmaker Spanish. contributors. The beginning and end of the sequences in flamenco are generally harsh, but atmospheric, marked only by the rumble and rustling of dragged feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie keeps feeding itself when the performance is over and you see the dancer bowing, sighing or laughing; or someone just unexpectedly says something. In flamenco, more than any other musical film of Saura, is the intense interaction of singers and dancers and rhythmicly participating speakers, shouting impulsive hello, which is the "story" and creates magic. Because Saura really did magic, and maybe better when he dropped any kind of conventional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia is in a style similar to some of Saura's purest musical films: without narration, without dialogue, only brief titles to indicate the type of music or the region, starting with a pianist playing the music of Albeniz and gradually shifting to a series of dance sequences and a bit of singing. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is the unaccompanied voice, and this voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It relates to other songs of other ethnicities, but nothing compares to your coarse and gross and unique ugly and handsome scream that challenges you to do anything but listen to it with the utmost attention. Then comes the clapping of hands and the tapping of the feet, and then the dance, combined with the other elements. There is only one flamenco song in the Iberian Peninsula. If you love Saura's Flamenco, you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a bit disappointed. The style is there; some of the great voices and dance and music are there. But the origin and conception of Iberia condemn it to a lesser degree of power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
