Students often ask me why I chose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is heavily truncated and the film contains material that earned it an "R" rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First, I had not seen a representation of the Moor that actually did. I sympathized with Othello until I saw Fishburne interpret it. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer play Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was especially remarkable. But, despite Jone's incredible presence both physically and vocally, the character he played seemed too passive to illicit me a complete emotional cleansing in the Aristotelian sense. Jones, in fact, stated what I felt when in an interview, he noticed that he had interpreted Othello as passive - seeing Iago basically doing it. Unfortunately, it has undermined my pain by destroying the character. So I felt sympathy for Jone's Moor, but not the horror of his corruption by an evil man. In contrast, Fishburne's Othello is a strong, vigorous figure familiar with action. Thus Iago's temptation to deal actively with what is presented to Othello as his wife's infidelity is a perversion of the positive quality of the general to be active rather than passive.1 The horror of the story is that this good quality in Othello becomes, if perverted. The representation of Fishburne is, therefore, classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made beautiful cinematic versions, but they were black-faced white men.2 Why is this important? Why would a black actor be the black man on stage? 3 Certainly, in Shakespeare's day, they wore the black face the same way boys used to raise girls. Maybe then, the reason is the same. Female actors bring a special quality to the female roles on Shakespeare's stage because they better understand what Shakespeare's genius was trying to present. A talented black actor must play in the moorland because his experience in a white-dominated culture is vital to understanding what Shakespeare's genius recognized: the pain of being marginalized because of race. An important theme in Othello is the isolation caused by racism. While it is a mistake to insert American racism into a play by Shakespeare, there can be little doubt that racism is still working between the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, find that the union between a white Venetian Christian woman and a black black man from North Africa is NOT NATURAL. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare has never been evaluated. He never was. His theatrical productions have always been typified by violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements not as sensationalism but for artistic honesty.
