I'm a bit in conflict with that. The show is horrible, the acting is awful (even when we have names of actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley in one episode), the dialogue is imbecile and the premise / moral of each episode seems something taken from an episode. 50 short educational. There's no way you're scared for a moment of any of these episodes, and the appearances of Robert Englund are short, nonsensical and cheesy in a kind of Bob Saget in America's Funniest Home Videos. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is one of the funniest things that have ever existed on television. The 1980s fashion, soft focus makes the actors look like their on The View set at all times, the premises lend the material more to self-parody than scares, so we get an episode where a high school kid is afraid that he will not get his SAT, his girlfriend will send him away and his parents repudiate him, another fears being arrested because he is a substandard mother (the husband is played by Brad Pit), another fears that all the parents in the world are in league against him when he runs away from home, another is afraid that she will be confused with his socially retarded twin, another is afraid that if he does not end his mother and his stepfather he will get killed by having a party in your house. The list goes on and on. Being these are dreams, I suppose you could look beyond the ridiculous points and devices of the plot but they are so off the left field that there are no opportunities for the writers to really scare the audience. You have characters dressed as something of a 80s-themed nightmare wandering through bad dialogues in a very complicated way and making illogical decisions that serve no purpose other than taking the story to the next weird plot (usually observing as a peripheral character something unusual for a sensible person while our main character looks horrified and too shocked to do anything about it. <br /> <br /> If you are looking for something that will scare you, stay away. side, one of the funniest things that ever came out in the '80s. Watch. <br /> <br /> It's been popping up on Chiller TV lately (pretty much every day) and I've been watching it, out of morbid curiosity, and now only to have a good laugh every day.With Arrested Development and Extras on the Air this is officially the funniest thing on television right now.
