I came across 'My Tutor Friend' accidentally a year or two ago while surfing on TV. Before that, I had never seen any Korean movie before in my entire life, so the MTF was actually the first Korean movie I've ever watched. And what a wonderful surprise! I was completely amused from start to finish, and I had so much fun laughing. His comic style is quite different from Hong Kong comics (which I've been accustomed to throughout my life and therefore also tired of it), breathing fresh air in my dull experience of watching movies. I thought there are some scenes and tricks on the MTF that are quite funny, witty and original as well. I watched MTF a second time a few days ago, and I've watched it once, the surprise / comic effect on me has been toned down. This, however, did not negatively affect my view of the film. Instead, something else came through that time - I was moved - the story about how two young, seemingly "incompatible" enemies are thrown together and how they gradually resolve their differences and start caring for each other without perceive the feelings. remembers the long days of high school. To me, Su Wan and Ji Hoon are really compatible because they both have something that is pure and genuine within them, a quality that separates them from people like, say, Ji Hoon's daring girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The film is divided into two distinct parts - the first part deals with the 'fight' between Su Wan and Ji Hoon, and is more violent and faster in rhythm. After Ji Hoon receives a pass on his final exam and Su Wan dance (in the opinion of Ji Hoon) provocative dance, things start to change. The pace slows down and ... Ji Hoon suddenly realizes that he cares for Su Wan more than he could ever imagine. Thus the second part deals with the development of their mutual feelings, leading, of course, to a happy ending accompanied by a final confrontation with the gang leader. <br /> <br /> Just one last comment. I find this a bit unbelievable - the fact that a self-proclaimed 21-year-old boy feels ashamed of being almost naked in front of the girl he intimidates and loses his 'cool' is just a little ... odd. I think this shows that Ji Hoon is just a pure boy at heart and is not really what his looks look like. Btw, Kwong San Woo (Ji Hoon) has a sexy body and perfect figure! ;-) <br /> <br /> MTF is definitely on my list of 10 favorite movies of all time.
