I was fortunate to finally get this movie in the Turner Classic movies tonight as it is one of the films that won an Oscar for special effects in its annual month of Oscar-winning movies. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily a sequel to the previous success of MARY POPPINS. This film was also a great success and Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). As MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in a role where he learns about parenting. It's a good mix of live action and animation. It is set in a past period of British history (if not the Edwardian-Georgian world of London of 1912, is the coast of England during the summer "Dunkirk" of 1940). There's even old Reginald Owen, here as an Internal Guard general, while formerly he was Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's final role. House Guard sequences (not much in the film) resemble that of the British series DAD'S ARMY, dealing with local custody problems in the early years of life. the war. The period is also well suggested by the emergence of the three Rawlins as orphans for the bombings at the Blitz in London. And (in typical Disney fashion) on the musical number "Portobello Road" different members of the British Army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with metal drums still!)) Appear with Scottish assistants and feminine sites in suits. <br /> <br /> All this, surprisingly, is an advantage. But the biggest advantage is that, for Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally: her only true musical movie actress. In a remarkable career of actress, Lansbury never obtained the musical paper of the real race that deserved like Aunt Mame in the musical MAME that left shortly after the BEDKNOBS. She had been singing parts (in GALIST with her brief UP IN A BOYS BALLOON, and in the IMAGE OF DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD, and - best of all - in support and conclusion of THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final reprise of NO ATCHISON, NO TOPEKA AND NO SANTA FE). But only here she plays the female role. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we missed when she did not play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is very good, Tomlinson here learning that he can rise to the occasion after a life of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually show more interesting sides to their characters than their Edwardian predecessors at POPPINS (in particular, as a sort of opportunist beginner thinking of blackmailing Lansbury after discovering that she is a witch). The only surprising waste (possibly due to the cut of scenes) is Roddy McDowall as the local vicar who is only in two sequences of the film. With his possible role of disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he should have played a bigger role. Also noteworthy is John Ericson as the German officer leading a foray into the conclusion of the film, only to find that he is facing something more powerful than he ever imagined in the British interior, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor to the magic formula which Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> As for the animation, the two sequences under the sea in a pond, and the wildest football match ever held, are worth the view, with Tomlinson pulling the latter as referee, and getting pretty badly beaten in various accusations and scrimmages. As I said, it's a great sample of the best work from the Disney studio.
