If any movie style could be called my "guilty pleasure," it would be that generic type of fantasy. Guilty is the wrong word for this though, as I'm very pleased to be an escapist from time to time. "Stardust" is a good fantasy, one to expect from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman's adaptation, so to speak). It's not the visual dream of Mirrormask, it's not the adult pretense of the Pan's Labyrinth, and it's not the fun-loving classic, The Promised Princess, but it contains exactly what the fantasy lover is familiar enough to be completely comfortable with during whole view. Fantasy lovers should rejoice - the special effects work has finally become good enough and cheap enough for this material to be in regular production now. The story of Stardust involves a young man named Tristan who, to win the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in his small town of Wall, goes on an adventure to recover a fallen star. To make things difficult, however, Tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named Yvaine, and he is not the only one looking for her ... some witches have voracious eyes on the immortality that the star's heart can give, and a brother's quarrel over The Magical Kingdom takes murderous princes in his direction. <br /> <br /> From there everything is fairly predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some warm comments on the nature of love, and the best part, Robert DeNiro as a gay pirate. On that note, DeNiro's performance is accurate ... it's not the excess of lisp that most actors use to portray gays, but a surprisingly effective one from someone accustomed to being seen as a rude and rough character (so joke in progress around its character combining with the own opening of DeNiro in alternative forms of performance). DeNiro has not been so exclusive of his own image since Brazil, and that is saying something. <br /> <br /> Stardust is the kind of movie, perhaps, that will linger on the shelves of children and fantasy lovers for a long time. . I can not say that it offers something new, but it's not really there to. In fact, they are the most familiar with their favorite tropes. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
