It is wonderful to watch Roshan Seth (the strict father in 1992, "Mississippi Masala"), who once again takes on the role of father and head of the family, and more, in LONG TAP in 1971 in Bombay, India. . In addition to closely related family environments, subjects include the loss and discovery of a friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow, the smiling, calm face of a friend in death, in the presence of prayers, seemed peaceful - similarly, Gustad Noble, Roshan's character); chain of events of a sidewalk artist - "the wall as a latrine turned into a sanctuary" sanctuary in rumblings and ashes "was at once prophetic and philosophical. It is replete with life lessons in different aspects of varied relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and daughter; daughter and father and mother; long-time colleagues; lost friends long lost; even if it's from man to man, someone who has an innocent "idiot" of slow thinking. <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film era, it is a colorful film rich in substance, and the strength of the film story in textured layers with humor and suspense. For a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson being Icelandic), he made an Indian / Pakistani political film. It enters the bone marrow of this Parsi's life played by Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtlety and joy. (There is also singing.) The rest of the cast is equally strong: from Om Puri, the mysterious friend of a friend; Soni Razdan a long-time wife; Vrajesh Hirjee, the argumentative eldest son; Sam Dastor, the former office colleague; Ranjit Chowdhry, the Pavement Artist; to a superstitious "witch" woman of a neighbor; an unshakable "idiot" of a man; and a friend long lost - is a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson demonstrated sensitivity in the treatment of that time period and subject was well researched with attention to detail. He is fortunate to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the script. This is truly a worthwhile trip to a movie to attend. Along the lines of cultural exploration (road movie), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic trip to a young Japanese who crossed the globe in search of the specific place to pay his last respects to his parents, obediently following memorable rituals for the dead. This demonstrated reverence and cross-cultural attention to family ties are warming the heart in this day and in the cybernetic age.
