Launched shortly before the repression of the Production Code in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's Paramount musical is startlingly suggestive - some even claim to be misogynist - and highly entertaining. Two murders happen on the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities", but that does not stop the businessman (Jack Oakie) from performing as a lewd police detective (Victor McLaglen) investigates. Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this murder mystery behind the scenes before writing "The G-String Assassins," since the outcome is similar (though more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as a cruel diva, stops the show (in more than one way) with her exotic number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington ends with the truncated "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The hit "Cocktails For Two" came from this movie. A bizarre and obscene camp classic highly recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons at the Los Angeles Examiner on May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> The pirouette of the hand-picked beauties by Carl Carroll on the screen of Grauman United Artists on a fig leaf and nothing more. But Morn September has never had a better figure than these lovely ones, which are made to please the eyes, especially the eyes of the tired business man. But do not think for a moment that Mr. Carroll, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER IN THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what I mean - a murder mystery embedded in a musical show. Everything happens on opening night at the moment the play is in progress and a search is made by a killer. Only through suspense, a police officer threatens to interrupt the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in cops. All the while he's trying to track down the killer, he keeps his eyes fixed on the chorus's beauties. The mystery of the murder is good, with the exception of the outcome, which is quite flat. Direction probably defective. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is as melodramatic as the heroine in a ten, twenty-thirty show. For no good reason, she rates an endless close in the big dramatic scene. The girl sets are good, and it's a positive relief to stay away from the inevitable photos. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, this is a musical that Paramount can feel that is really to their credit. As for Carl Brisson - well, he would be a complement to any show. Good-looking with a delightful voice and an easy and safe way, it's all your press agents claim for it. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the protagonist of the series. Gertrude Michael, like the big-eyed villain, makes an interesting, if rather fictitious, portrait. Jack Oakie, as the stage manager, is the same old Jack, but we did not change him. Jessie Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Others in the cast are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Mans, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Andre Lona. The play is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and directed by Mitchell Leisen. The song is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics by Sam Coslow. In addition to PERSONALITY MURDER, there's a Mickey Mouse cartoon, a Paramount Newsreel, and a two-roll burner, THE WRONG RIGHT. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Lolly about the outcome, the top is satisfactory. Why would she blame the director? Was she unhappy with the end of the story - or the way it was staged? And what is a "show of ten, twenty or thirty"? Notice the coup taken on Busby Berkeley and his "hanging pictures." As difficult as it may be to believe it nowadays, audiences were getting bored of Buzz 'schtick in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said: "If you are exhibiting a show that should be in a theater, you should stay within bounds of proscenium, not a Buzz Berkeley routine with a scenario that is too large. "<br /> <br /> Q: You do not think the spectacular effects of Berkeley justify this freedom? <br /> <br /> ML: Apparently they did it because they are reliving all their photos and none of mine, but personally I do not like it.
