I read a lot of comments about the movie and how hard it is for people to believe it's a continuation of Henry Fool, and even though it's technically so, I think Fay Grim needs to be seen as a completely different one. movie. Just because it's the sequel does not mean it has to be a direct continuation of the first, and I really enjoyed it. The aim of the film was to change the direction of the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it's Fay Grim. All this aside, the movie, I thought, was so well done and thought that it really surprised me. I was hoping to rent another almost straightforward movie for the video and have to put up with two hours of bad editing and an almost hard-to-follow story line (also known as Parker's last video with Oh in Ohio), but this was so surprisingly well focused that it hardly seems, which I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in film and writing that I long to see in the movies, but I never do. The cinematography was brilliant because of its simplicity and actually making the film look like 'Grim' - in terms of scenery. The writing was so well done, whoever said that this movie is not as clever as Henry Fool needs to watch again and really listen; I can hardly even begin to explain how hilarious and pertinent it was. Well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal were talking in the dark was so captivating and emotional. And I found the spying throughout the movie was so hilarious and interesting (in hindsight, because I agree that sometimes you felt lost). The main thing that impressed me so strongly about the movie, and I believe the point of the film, was Parker's love and the naiveté about Fool, who was so captivating and transformed, rather quickly, from denial to total passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously, there were things that were not great, but nothing is perfect; some of the acting was bad, and sometimes I thought some of the new stories and dialogues about terrorism were a little hard to follow and out of hand, but in the end you understood and did not even care. the time that may have escaped your understanding. (This may also have to do with Goldblum's tendency to speak extremely fast). Overall, I'd say it was probably one of the best movies I've ever seen this year; Stylishly clever, witty and witty writing, performances that were so impressive that now I gained new respect for some of the actors, and a truly touching film, and do not forget, a complete departure from the fool. What was the point.
