Generally speaking, Fay Grim is a very entertaining thriller, featuring two of the most inexorably pleasing names in American movies, Parker Posey unswervingly handsome and gracefully brave and Jeff Goldblum infinitely charismatic and inevitably hilarious. They have so many scenes in the first half of the movie that we see these two insatiable presences vanish from each other, even radiating with charm when Goldblum rolls off the blatant and blatant epic insults of Hartley. However, if one deconstructs Fay Grim, you will see many instances where innumerable scenes could have been squeezed for much more benefits than they have resulted in being. <br /> <br /> This kind of joking filmed. is the continuation of Hal Hartley's Henry Fool, which was made ten years earlier. It has the title character Posey forced by the CIA agent Goldblum to trace the notebooks that were the precious belongings of his missing fugitive husband, the titular anti-hero of the predecessor. Available within them is information that could give security to the United States. Fay first gets Paris to get them, but engages in an authentic celebration of espionage clichés, ranging from car bombs to ambiguous helpers, then Girl to double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> The main appeal of all this to me is that it is such a new approach to the sequel to a movie about a garbageman and a novelist struggling in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman leading a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many of the independent beginners of the 1990s, but I admire his wild creativity in making her an inadvertent sister Nearne, giving him a terrible situation, as he did with his character's brother, played by James Urbaniak in Henry Fool, how she is stuck between whether or not she can still love her overwhelming refugee husband and the troubled plans but with Goldblum's strength. <br /> <br /> Hartley, however, is simply setting about this fragmentary idea. His plot, though complex and labyrinthine, true to the form of the espionage film, seems to be entirely capricious. The reason I was not bored was mainly due to the pace at which the story unfolds, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's cast is that I can not seem fond of the rest of them. It has nothing to do with how obscure they are compared to the relative stellar power of the two said masters of charm, but with the way they do not seem to stand by them, though Saffron Burrows certainly comes close. Most scenes that do not involve Posey or Goldblum are very light, encoding us of information and we have no choice but to listen or otherwise be totally lost in the wake of scenes. They are filmed almost entirely from side angles, as if Hartley were compensating for that relentless sense of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, however, playing the now teenage son of Fay and Henry, has a certain fascination about him, seeming wise beyond his years, certainly much wiser than any of the adult characters. Maybe Hartley intended that, or maybe it's just Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley movie is that you never know exactly what was planned and what happens to be there. As Scorsese said, "cinema is a question of what is in the picture and what is outside." One must be able to trust that what we see is a conscious decision of the filmmaker to remain in the finished film.
