I'm one of those people who was crawling a mile through broken glass to see a Hal Hartley movie. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and (my favorite from Hartley) NO THING, Hal's unique brand of movies is an acquired taste. Infusing equal parts of mystery / espionage with superficial comedy seems to be his forte. The comedy is not necessarily in your face, and often goes through a whole scene before it comes to fruition. And this is the case of FAY GRIM, the continuation of Henry Fool. Parker Posey star as Fay Grim, Henry Fool's abandoned wife and mother of Ned, Henry's only son. Fay lives a quiet life until he comes home one day to find a CIA agent in his kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum, MAN OF THE YEAR) and he wants Henry's notebooks. There are many Henry Fool notebooks and they all thought they contained nothing but crazy drives. Apparently, there is much more to them. Gun Search Secrets or Paths for Terrorists? Who knows, but Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Fay that her husband is dead, but this is quickly seen as a ruse to get Fay home and look for Henry (and it works ... but not the way they think). <br /> <br /> Fay fights several rings of espionage to pick up Henry's notebooks and look for him. She also makes an agreement with the CIA to take her brother Simon (James Urbaniak) out of jail (he helped Henry escape the country in the original Henry Fool movie). Several overlapping events occur in rapid succession: spy rings shoot at each other. until his death, Henry is discovered being held in "security" by a jihadist, Fay frees his brother, but unconsciously risks his son's life, and the CIA receives his punishment for putting Fay in danger. <br /> <br /> Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes. And he does it to the extreme here. Even character names (Grim, Fool, Fulbright, Fogg) have implicit meanings that are quite funny. Exaggerated ol 'espionage films also get a lot of screen time, as weapons burn in stop-motion sequences, never reaching our heroine, even if she's right in the line of fire. <br /> <br /> Now that I have complimented this creation, I will say that Parker Posey's overrepresentation of Fay Grim is not the best part of the film, which is a shame considering how long it is on screen. I realized that this is probably what Mr. Hartley wanted: an unemployed woman with hand gestures to the Italian extreme. But it was still painful to watch at times. <br /> <br /> Even so, fans will probably devour Fay Grim and beg for more. Although this was not my favorite Hal Hartley movie, I know I'm ready.
