As someone who has seen and followed Hartley's public work for several years, I think much of what used to be fiction told through true stories has been elevated to obscure philosophical mental games. While entertaining, Fay Grim is another step in Henry Fool's line of thought, where the film reflects the quality of an object within the film itself. In Henry Fool, the object is the memories ... In Fay Grim, the object is encrypted memories - which are stolen, falsified, and transmuted into something so obscure that it makes no sense - that is, the process of writing writing and making movies in the was modern - where most blockbuster movies are little more than a mix of the past. That is, in a philosophical sense, what Fay Grim is all about. The object, perhaps, is the tragedy that the shock is now clichéd and monotonous (as suggested in the opening scenes in the publisher's office). <br /> <br /> That said, many of the best points in the movie are lost if you do not understand Henry's character and the meaning of the memories being sought. Henry is a veiled demon, first visiting Simon as a modern Faust, etc. Without understanding how tragic Henry's character is, much of the quality of the plot and the story of Fay Grim is lost. <br /> <br /> And there are not enough "Details" expressed through verbal flashbacks - knowing that Henry Fool's plot can not be compared to "feel" the quality of the characters as one did in Henry Fool, and so I I think for someone who enters this movie about 10 minutes ago. However, Henry Fool was also my favorite Hartley movie until I realized it was bad - putrid and infested - precisely because Henry Fool's confessions were bad ... not just obscene or dirty, but inescapably broken. Henry can not even be an appropriate villain - and this is perhaps the tragic flaw that makes him more captivating ... like Gollum in Tolkien's works, Henry is unfortunate. <br /> <br /> This does not appear in Fay. Shady, although Henry's dialogue is excellent. What you are faced with is that the entire movie is built as an encryption - a kind of molding of another plot around which turns out to be another bad story to add to Henry's confessions. It's an interesting twist, but it really can not be digested without seeing the first movie. Perhaps showing more of Henry earlier has been better than having the editor describe the basic plot of the first film - although this plot is not really what the first film was about either - unless one is a casual observer. <br /> <br /> Part of cryptography? It's hard to say ... a little disappointed with the sexual tricks. Cheese
