Okay, this movie is the representation of several things. To begin with, this movie is about a disgruntled student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. A student survives and is in hospital with extensive head injuries. The main character is what several people consider a 'solitary / gothic', despite the film claiming that it is not so. She seems quite mysterious, but she was also the only uninjured student in the victimized classroom. She is questioned because of having a track record of meeting the shooter and having a record of being on the phone with him the night before. In any case, she is a very brief and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some, at first, inexplicable events, she spent about a year out of school, failing the grade. She has a desire to graduate, and the principle practically consents to the only possible way she can pass is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two clues are almost entirely opposite. , and they are just that on a social level. While Alisha is an antisocial, silent, inwardly disturbed "gothic" girl who spends her time all by herself (even though she seems to read quite often, somewhat of a closet / out of the closet), the other girl is rich, popular girl 'bubbly' who always seems incredibly optimistic and stuck in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. I feel these two roles as a wonderful job of representing most "cliques" in modern high school, but more importantly, it shows how two completely opposing girls who do not know each other end up opening up to each other. While the injured girl learns a deep and meaningful truth about her protected life and the outside world, Alisha discovers that the complete abandonment of society and the blocking of everything within it is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people will look for the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Or a snobbish and hateful girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer like her, taking her to an innocent girl OR the story of a costumed girl, apparently arrested, who knows a pariah to society and learns not only not to judge but she's actually, perhaps, one of the smartest people she knows. In other words, people can see this movie as a focus on Alisha teaching the other girl a lesson about life, but it's not about that. <br /> <br /> This movie is about VARIOUS things. Although it is all I have said, it is also representative of how people deal with a major life-changing catastrophe. Truly, this film is not very symbolic, but incredibly direct with your message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind, and your heart, to some emotions that you may not be familiar with being portrayed so miraculously. <br /> Overall, this movie is one of the best I have ever seen. The acting is brilliant, the plot and the acting are deep and meaningful, and the emotion that flows through this movie will make someone not only relate, but possibly also cry. This movie is heartbreaking, and very shocking, and if I believed any movie could change a person's life ... this would be the first one that could have changed mine. <br /> <br /> I loved it. movie, if you want a movie that is moving and shocking, while incredibly fun and REAL, watch this.
