Henry Hart, by Hal Hartley, was an independent masterpiece of cinema and certainly his best work. It has immense depth of character, subtle dialogue, complicated and an excellent, emotional ending that captivates. I remember stopping him several times during my first performance to absorb what I was seeing and feeling. Henry Fool was a complete film from beginning to end, and did not need any sequels. <br /> <br /> So, I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters in the first film and seemed to exist more like the disturbing imposition of vanity and real-world ignorance for his brother Simon to be forced to deal with him as he matures. In his own film, Fay matures, although his maturity takes a very different path. Simon went from almost autistic isolation to a merely introverted genius. Fay begins his adult journey as an immature child, completely normal and spoiled, and responds to the onslaught of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature, totally normal and experienced adult who has no advantages. She deals with problems the way any human does, with determination, a little thought and a tired disdain. While Simon has learned to control his mind, Fay learns to control his emotion. <br /> <br /> The film contains several carefully reminded elements of its prequel, but differs greatly in tone for most of the film. Henry Fool showed him a hard, boring, ignorant world that contrasted with Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a lively, crazy and emotional place that shows the foolishness of her young life and, through contrast, unearths the wise inner woman who had not been previously developed or fed by her equally weak mother. The film is divided into two parts, the first dealing with the beginning of Fay's struggle and the subsequent hardening due to authoritarian hostility, and the second dealing with his battle to soften just enough to recover Henry. At first, Henry Fool fans can imagine themselves imagining how the film might even be considered a continuation, and thinking it is profane to follow such an intense movie with espionage and physical comedy jokes. But that's where the subtlety of Fay Grim is. The sequence is about Fay's journey, and as I said before, hers is to find the sanity that gives life to chaos, not creative chaos in order. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who perfectly captures the language of Hal Hartley. Elina Löwensohn perhaps overshadows her emotional commitment to the role, allowing Parker to play the straight man and the comic book against the animated and live comedy that takes place around her. <br /> <br /> With Henry's entry into the photo, the movie begins to take a turnaround. Hal Hartley's films are all plays and all pieces must have a full circle. In the end, you will see that Fay's newly developed character and integrity are the fruit of his time with the fatally intense Henry, whose penetrating honesty and unique passion sparks a spark in anyone he meets. <br /> <br /> Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool, but shows through the range of Hal that the nuances of his art are the proof of his genius. <br /> <br /> I honestly think anyone who calms this movie has not only lost the spot by a mile (and especially the subtlety in Parker Posey's acting), but could not have been very interested in the movie Henry Fool.
