Maybe I would have liked it better if I had not been so attached to Henry Fool's characters. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley said jokingly in his introduction to the film in TIFF, the film has a lot of exposure and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy on the plot, which keeps the movie moving. There are many moments of humor and the film certainly has the humor and rhythm of dialogue characteristic of Hartley. Above all, a technically well done film is sure to please new Hartley fans who are just beginning to explore their work. As for older fans who loved their previous work, such as Trust and Amateur, this movie could be used anyway. I have mixed feelings about the film and later Hartley films in general. What Hartley does best is to define his stories in small situations, concentrating on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact with each other. Since the late 1990s and beyond, his films have expanded in terms of subject matter. Media in no respect, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suitable for such a large subject or whether he is capable of doing it justice. <br /> <br /> Oddly, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who will seek out the husband she loves. The only problem is that I've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly out of character in this movie. You can say that this movie was written long after Henry Fool finished without any intention of a continuation. Somehow, the terrorist plot seems conveniently approached through the use of Henry's confession books as macguffin (in the Hitchcockian sense). Fay's motives for finding Henry seemed purely motivated by the plot's needs, instead of being faithful to who fay was as a person in Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a bit disappointed in the movie because it's not true to the Henry Fool characters and does not exactly work like a direct thriller. There is much irony and irony in Hartley's approach to a subject as big as terrorism. It somehow works and does not work at the same time. All I could say, you would love or hate the movie depending on your opinion of Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Fool, being severely warned by a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride.
