Fay Grim is, in his face, a tale of espionage and intrigue told with a nod and a wink. Like the sequel to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and espionage thriller, which begins with a smile and a great deal of laughter and twisting as poignant and hot as any movie I've seen this year. Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an unconscious Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the questionable intentions of a CIA agent. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm in a role that seems adapted to his talents. It was never better. James Urbaniak is the brother of Fay, Simon, imprisoned but known for his popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister bring a jolt of passion to contrast the harsh nature of the spies who eventually populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is Fay's 14-year-old son. Although this can be redundant. Aiken's understated style is remarkably "old soul" for someone his age. <br /> <br /> The entire film is filmed in Dutch angle, the old-fashioned style that became famous by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror films and psychological thrillers to convey a sense of foreboding. In Fay Grim, using this style of opening credits to close is intriguing at first, deceptively clever in the next. For as the viewer begins to fall in love with the comic elements and the wit of Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a dark but strangely reassuring course as these characters become magically sympathetic before our eyes. What started as a dark comedy turns into romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. The slow pace gives way to a breathtaking action, and we are sucked into the vortex. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue combined with the incredible performances of a perfectly matched cast makes a delightful cinematic cocktail party. Told to the luxury of someone who can write, produce, direct, edit, and even compose music, Hal Hartley has created a clever and sexy spy story with the tongue barely in the face. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, a part of Raymond Chandler and a part of Ian Fleming, shaken and maybe hectic as well.
