The plot is never the strong point of a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie, but the script for "Follow the Fleet" is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still fine - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates some fun comedic moments. But for much of the film, they are second to a tedious subplot about Sherry's sister, Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's flirtation with another woman and an old schooner Connie inherited from her. dad. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional score from Irving Berlin that gives the stars many chances to show off their talents. . Astaire wins two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I'd rather Lead Band". He sings expressively and, of course, dance electrifyingly - and the sailor's jumpsuit makes him look a little more childlike and athletic than normal. Rogers sings the captivating "Let Yourself Go" and then makes a solo tap with the same tune. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the movie, although everyone is involved in the plot with silly apologies. Fred and Ginger win a dance competition doing an energetic routine for another "Let Yourself Go" reprise. Later, they sing and dance "I'm putting all my eggs in a basket" as if it were an initial rehearsal of the number, tossing the choreography into the comic effect. In the end, the film finally finds out how to put Fred and Ginger in evening clothes for a romantic duet - this is part of a show inside the show. The situation is artificial, but the song "Let's Face Music and Dance" is one of the most winding things Berlin has ever written (it's reminiscent of Cole Porter), and the dance matches elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would be a task to go over most of the "Follow the Fleet" dialog sections again, and, in fact, it is not necessary because the plot rarely drives the musical. numbers. But I could watch the songs over and over.
