If Hollywood is to be believed, being in the Navy is nothing more than a mouthful. Although sailors may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean, it seems their ocean duties are completely non-existent, and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dance classes to a fleet of would-be romantics. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film, Top Hat (1935), completely ignored the Great Depression, which was then bringing America to its knees, and presented to the public a resplendent world of the rich and famous; was the optimistic vision of the film about life that may have contributed to its success. Likewise, here, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a Navy officer is difficult and exhausting, and replaces the duties of a sailor with a variety of light and catchy musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Asse" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship collapsed after the latter rejected a marriage proposal. After Bake returns from several years of service in the Navy, he meets Sherry as a dance hostess in an unsophisticated San Francisco ballroom. As the two former lovers alternately try to lure and repel each other, Sherry's simple sister and music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, very handsome) gets a complete transformation and tries to delight the shallow sailor Bilgey "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are many comedy puns, a few moments of mistaken identity, and even a trained and hilarious monkey that steals every scene. Particularly entertaining is the scene in which Bake sabotages an artist's audition to create a window for his character. girl far away; unfortunately for the two of them, is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks bicarbonate of soda and loses her ability to sing. 'Follow the Fleet (1936)' was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and the third (of five) Sandrich directed the pair. Irving Berlin provided the songs and lyrics of the film, and each musical number is fun and cheerful, even if they are not as memorable as those of Top Hat (1935), Swing Time (1936) or Shall We Dance (1937). Astaire tries to free himself from his typical persona of rich man without much success, but it is difficult to imagine the artist without the carefree charm of boy that could only accompany the fact of being considerably rich. The parallel plot of the novel between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a dark wig to avoid shock with Ginger's blonde hair) has a number of emotional solos including "Get Thee" . Behind Me Satan, "which was originally written for 'Cartola'.
