Follow Frota, an RKO production in 1936, starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have had many similar romantic movies together, the RKO has helped them once again create a dignified plot that incorporates relevant situations into society at the time it was made. The narrative of Follow the Fleet relies heavily on the use of layered story lines between the two sets of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. The overall plot of the film revolves around Bake Baker, a US Navy sailor played by Fred Astaire, and Sherry Martin, Bake's former love and dance partner who is now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers. His story begins when Bake is on the ship and his shipmate Bilge Smith finds a picture of the two together, and Bake reveals that the last time he saw her, he asked her to marry him, so Bilge suggests they try to find each other . with her when they are ashore, in the hope that she may have a friend. The next big scene begins the second plot of the film when Sherry's sister Connie Martin is barred from entering Paradise where her sister works, unless escorted by a gentleman. She turns to find Bilge behind her with a bag full of drinks, so she plays as if waiting for him and buys her entry into Paradise as well. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can not have the luck Sherry does with the men, so Sherry suggests that she reform her friends while she's performing onstage. Connie recovers and enters the ballroom again, approaching again Bilge, who is impressed by her vision. This starts the second romantic plot between Bilge and Connie. <br /> <br /> Throughout the remainder of the film, the story and rising actions are exchanged between changing the comic reliefs of the problems of the two couples creating various mini-actions of rise and fall. within the general plot. Bake and Sherry have done well in their first moments together while competing in a dance competition and end up winning, reminding them of the success and pleasure they have when they are together. Similarly, Bilge is able to faint Connie through her romantic attempts to please her and they retreat to her home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events is soon followed by disturbing measures that bring the upward action back down. Asse left Sherry the night before to retire to the ship before midnight and told him that he would come to pick her up in the morning. Unfortunately the ship sets off after the ship's companions returned, disturbing Sherry and letting her think that Bake was still a typical sailor looking for a good time while on shore. <br /> <br /> The mood changes again as another subplot is inserted into the movie when a "big party" party is touring the ship. This alternate plot is used to create a buffer between the stories of the film's two main relationships, as well as help build trust and affection for Bake's overall good intentions. The party is interrupted by the alien music that comes from Bake and his companions when they lose their hearing to report on the deck to the company. The ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and Bake happily begins to entertain them with some dances, which helps to illuminate the mood of the film, as well as bring happiness to the sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to the couple's intertwined stories, Sherry is trying to prove to Bake that she does not need your help getting a job. Unfortunately Bake is not aware that she is taking the test, and will put in a good word for Sherry when he hears his friend in the studio talking about the remarkable audition lady. Bake takes on the responsibility of helping Sherry to adulterate her water, making her unable to sing properly and destroying her hearing. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all her money to repair a ship she had hoped Bilge would take on as captain. She had also planned a dinner party for him when he should come, but Bilge was aware of his intentions and hopes of getting married soon and was no longer interested, so he picked her up. <br /> <br /> The remainder of the film continues in the same format as mini-acts rising and falling until the climatic point is reached between the two couples, ending the film with the happiness of both couples. Using change stories helps build interest and excitement within each couple as they deal with happiness and pain through each of their struggles. Interlaced stories are also able to relate to one another, as well as incorporating other unrelated subplots to help bring the narrative to the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films together that incorporate romance, comedy, music and dance, Follow the Fleet is a unique film for the two actors who successfully use the subplot technique to help the movie. narrative between the two main characters.
