What a funny movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy. Astaire has to attract Ginger in San Francisco while Scott must be persuaded that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of being his wife. Everything works fine. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is discussed, and I can see why, that Scott's novel with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the plot. Especially painful is Hilliard singing sentimental love songs. I could have done without her singing right, but I found the novel quite touching. Hilliard enters the movie as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, without make-up, and the ugliest clothes known to man or animal. No wonder Scott avoids her until she gets sexually dressed under the tutelage of her sister Ginger and a slender Lucille Ball. The problem is that, after her transformation, she looks like the same hopelessly normal woman as before with only a shiny outfit. It's hard enough for a homemade guy. But at least one man can become rich, powerful and popular, so he can collect women anyway, even if he looks like JoJo, the Bald Boy. But what makes a woman simple? The same paths to romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groupies. Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a sort of footnote, I must mention that Randolph Scott was bisexual by Hollywood gossipers who needed some nonsense to chew on, and it's kind of funny that he has the following line in this movie when he's putting Hilliard out - - "Women I do not care, sister. " The film probably gives more quality time to Ginger Rogers than any of her other films with Astaire. And she is wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the script also gives her good comedic lines. "Let's kiss and make up," suggests Astaire. "Let's just make it up," she says, "that'll give you something to work on." It is also the only film she has done with Astaire which gives her a solo number during a audition. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, who puts a little Alka Seltzer in her water, and she sobs through her number, risking being too unkind for the time. <br /> <br /> Dancer, I would make an excellent circus elephant, so my opinion should be taken as that of an amateur, but I think their dances together are the same as any of the others they put in the movie. The first of them, during a dance contest, "Let Yourself Go", is the most exuberant of all that I can remember. And the only dramatic duet, "Let's Face Music and Dance," must be among the best. The last step on the way out is amazing. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for reasons of personal resonance. I remember seeing for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, next to a shop called "The Seven Seas" that catered to sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed by the treatment of Astaire and Scott's naval careers. What I mean is that here we have this sparkling musical comedy that owes absolutely nothing to historical reality and yet, unlike most of its other teams, it pays its debts anyway. Leaping by ship, Astaire calls for a "water taxi". I had just taken a water taxi ashore. The uniforms are correct for the period (unlike those in "On the Town"). And they are dressed correctly, up to two fingers wide above the eyebrow and not tilted back. And there are two incidents where Astaire faces a problem with the naval authorities and both are treated with perfect seriousness and are totally believable. An officer prevents Astaire from leading a jazz band during the inspection and reports to the captain, "They were playing when the call was triggered, sir. I'm sure no breach of discipline was planned." That's what an officer - a good officer - would say, and no one laughs. <br /> <br /> The series was getting a bit repetitive when "Follow the Fleet" was done, instead of putting Fred on the rise. society and a tuxedo, they turned it into a swabbie of chewing gum instead. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
