Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the Hollywood debut dance team, were usually neatly dressed and sliding through elaborately exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, they go a little lower for this 1936 tour, fifth of their ten musicals together. This time, Astaire abdicates from his top hat, white tie and tail to become a chewing sailor chewing gum named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays dance singer Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing or not - before enlisting. Consequently, unlike the misguided tricks of identity and the romantic hesitations prevalent in most of their previous peers, they are already a couple since the beginning of the film. Directed by Mark Sandrich (who directed five of his peers), the film bears a narrative resemblance to "Roberta" from 1935 in that they are just one of the two couples featured in the plot. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male protagonist in both films, this time as Bake's teammate, "Bilge" Smith. He is not Irene Dunne's partner (who understandably declined this accompaniment), but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays Sherry's single sister, Connie, who falls in love with Bilge. In the silly storyline, she is reformed by a young blonde Lucille Ball, and there is a classic three-handed shoot of Hilliard, Ball and a lovely Betty Grable doll in front of a mirror. <br /> <br /> Speaking of history, what's there is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and it's something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on leave in San Francisco where they end up in a salon dance with his shipmates Bake finds Sherry working there while Bilge meets Connie first when she arrives as a scruffy spinster and then appears as a glamorous girl. Romance flourishes for both couples. Connie and Sherry have inherited a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it floating. Multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but everything works when they turn steam into a theater and do a music magazine to raise funds. It's as silly as it sounds, but it's a good excuse for some memorable songs from Irving Berlin and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. <br /> <br /> The first two are casual - a percussion dance contest "Let Yourself Go," where they mercilessly show up to win and a physical comedy board routine set for toe-tapping "I'm putting all my eggs in one basket ". However, his latest dance is a classic return to formality with a beautifully defined melodramatic piece for an impressive arrangement of "Let's Face Music and Dance." Curiously, this film contains not only an Astaire dance floor, but the only time Rogers ever had a dance floor for himself in one of his films, an energetic touch routine again defined as "Let Yourself Go." Dressed in a creamy satin sailor costume, she also sings the same song more victoriously close to the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Acting, Astaire and Rogers are in the form of typically spicy comic here. While Scott plays her part with her trademark virility, Hilliard is an extremely monotonous presence and, as a former band singer, she does two love songs in Berlin in a frustratingly shy way. Regardless, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers at its height makes this vision essential. The 2005 DVD has several good extras, starting with a thirteen minute short, "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Dancing Feet," about how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a live-action soundie called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and the original trailer.
