Hundstage is a study of intentionally ugly and unnerving life in a particularly dreary suburb of Vienna. It comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seidl, who takes an approach very similar to the documentary's material. However, the film moves away from the normal types and presents us characters that are best described as "extremes" ?? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some extremely strange; some extremely dishonest; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several upcoming plots with fewer episodes that intertwine from time to time, each following the characters over a few days during a sweltering Viennese summer. Very few viewers will leave the movie feeling entertained ?? the intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with people, the many evils that afflict our society at large. It's a thought-provoking film and its conclusions are quite damaging overall. An agitated old widower fantasizes about his old maid and wants her to strip him for it while he wears the clothes of his late wife. . A nightclub dancer struggles with the perpetually jealous and violent behavior of her boy-run boyfriend. A mourning couple for their dead daughter can no longer communicate and seek comfort in having sex with other people. An abusive man mistreats his wife, but she forgives him over and over again. A security salesman tries desperately to find the culprit behind some vandalism in a workplace, but ends up choosing an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman keeps hitchhiking with strangers and insulting them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these disparate characters converge for several days during an intense heat wave in the summer. <br /> <br /> Despair in the film is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by long, awkward silences, which are twice as effective as a whole chunk of dialogue. Then there are other scenes during which dialogue and events on the screen leave you staggering. In particular, a scene during which the security vendor leaves the woman, at the mercy of a vindictive subject - being beaten, raped, and humiliated (fortunately, all off screen) by some vandalism she did not do - arouses sour taste, almost riled up. In another scene, a man has a candle burning in his rear and is forced to sing the national anthem under the gun's sights, all as part of his punishment for being unpleasant to his wife. Although we may want to hope that this thug is receiving his approval, we are both left shocked and bewildered by the nature of his punishment. In fact, such contrasts can act as a summary of the entire film - each moment of lightness is counterbalanced with a moment of coolness. Every fragment of hope is fought with a feeling of despair. For each character you may like or feel sympathy, there is another that encourages nothing but anger and hatred. We may want to move away from Hundstage, dismiss it as an exercise of misery, but also point out some uncomfortable truths, and for that, it must be applauded.
