This movie has to be classified as one of the most disturbing and sweeping films in years. It is one of the few films, perhaps the only one, that actually gave me chills: not even the Sola de Pasolini, to which this movie makes comparisons, affected me like this. I've seen echoes in the film by filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what was it about the movie that made me feel like I did? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror movie, but that defies or even reverses the conventions of the genre. Normally, in a horror movie, horrible and scary things will happen, but on the fringes of civilized society: abandoned houses, deserted hotels, castles, cemeteries, morgues, etc. This manipulation of the subject in horror is, I think, a sort of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity functioning as a sort of projective space for the spectator's desires and fears. So from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie; occurs in a perfectly normal society and, therefore, is not interested in the histrionics of the horror film. But what you see is the displacement of certain key themes of the horror genre, especially in relation to the body and its violation, the stages of fear and torture that can be put. What Seidl does is to use the settings of an everyday middle-class society as a stage in which a repetitive game of sexual aggression, solitude, lack, and violation of intimacy and integrity is retransmitted: precisely the themes you would find in horror, but subjects to a principle of light and transparency from which there is no escape. It is precisely within this shift that lies the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage deals with these issues in the light of everyday life, displays them in the repetition of everyday life, not as end places and catharsis - a movement that you would encounter in the said horror genre. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing the politician with the people in his films, a melodrama tactic that allowed him to deal seriously and even morally with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, property issues, sexual ownership and control, fascism and capitalism. Seidl's tactic of making the mechanisms of everyday society the subject of his film places him in close proximity to Fassbinder; like this German ally, he has a kind of political view of society that he feels it is his responsibility to present in his films. During a seminar at the Göteborg Film Festival this year, in which Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he would have so many cases of women raped and subjugated on Hundstage, but no example of a woman reacting, releasing herself. Seidl replied that some may find it immoral to show violence against women, but he even thought it would be immoral not to demonstrate it. An artistic statement as good as any, I think. Thank you.
