As much as I like great epic shots - I'll spare you from namedropping - it's great to kick back with a few beers and a simple action movie sometimes. Movies in which the plot is in the background in the set pieces. Films in which the dialogue is not so cleverly written that binds to endless knots of purple prose. There are hundreds of movies that fit the bill ... but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the best. <br /> <br /> It's an update of the movie that shares its name. It also shares the ethos of the image, but not exactly its execution. Everything that was great about the original was simplified. Whatever has been simplified has also been amplified thanks to a larger budget. Often this type of venture is a recipe for a complete disaster - see The Italian Job's plaster refill for one that spoiled it - but here, thanks to a cast of mostly excellent actors, Sixty succeeds. <br /> <br /> The plot and much of the dialogue is not much to write about IMDb. Often you will have scenes in which the same line of dialogue goes back and forth between the actors, each of whom will express with different inflections. Many people found this annoying; I think this raises a smile. Each actor has a chance to show his style definition here, with Cage, Jolie and Duvall leading the group, of course (and it should be noted that it's also fun to see Ms. Pitt not having received the first billing here). The chemistry between good old Saint Nick and Angelina leads to some good times. The villain is not at all scary - I've seen Chris Eccleston play tough roles before so I know he can deal with them but I think he was deliberately directed to make his role inconsequential , so as not to distract from action. We know that heroes will succeed in some way; we are just sitting in the car with them, enjoying the ride. I think many of these scenes were played with the tongue so far that it went over the heads of many people giving a bad note. In fact, I would not have minded a few winks on Wednesday: it's just that kind of movie. <br /> <br /> All this style and little substance-something that often exhaust my patience if not executed-just then-would be useless if the action was not there. And for the most part, it is. Wonderfully yes. I have noticed that it seems to be a common tendency to use extremely fast close-ups to target action these days. I personally find that sort of thing exhausting. I prefer movies like this where the stunts are impressive enough not to need increased artificial tension, raping tight shots all the time. I've been told that Cage actually did as many car stunts as he could get away without losing his insurance (in real life I mean - his character clearly does not care) and it shows. The man can actually move a vehicle and this is well used at the climactic end of slow burning, where he drives a Mustang to the ground in the most bizarre way - and FUN - possible. <br /> <br /> So yeah This movie is not an "epic, affirmative effort for post 9/11 life with compelling social commentary." The pace is erratic, some of the scenes could have been cut and not all the actors hauled the line. But car movies are rarely better than this. So if you hate cars ... why are you reading these comments? <br /> <br /> I would take the numerous iterations of "The Flaccid And The Tedious" any day. 7/10
