To summarize and not ruin everything, this movie is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief, who spoils a large delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened with death by the man who gave him the order. The goal now is to get 50 stolen cars in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired booster and also Kip's brother and some old Randall friends. As you can see, this is the same old big brother who needs to get out of trouble and, of course, Randall is the best thief that ever existed. Of course, as in all other films, there are also some setbacks and surprises that you would never have imagined, but sometimes it's predictable too, so there's nothing fancy in the story. <br /> <br /> You're probably wondering why this is about 51 times HOT STUFF, as there are only 50 cute cars, fast, cool and expensive to steal. Well, the other hot item in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a big star (trust me).) Not only is she very convincing in the role of car theft, but she's also very hot. She's been very believable in this role, probably because she's kind of a wild woman in real life too (do not believe me, read her biography) and the sexy part, well, I just know, that she plays the kind of girl I like in this movie, because she's not very conventional, a bit of an alternative look and she even comes with a tattoo. OK, the only downsides I felt while watching this movie, that there is not much action, there is a totally unreal scene, the story is just OK and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after watching the whole movie, I must Why should I say this, well, why was it still fun? a couple of cool car chases; good music; some scenes of Bruckheimer (where the combination of music and actor lines make his eyes wet); good actors who all did their job; beautiful cars; a cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but not least very cool and tools to propel the cars with. So some disadvantages here, but still a very good and fun movie. All in all the best way to describe this movie is that it is a general film OK with a cool ?? good end. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, well? He is actually one of my favorite actors in the action genre nowadays after good movies like The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Also, what actor has had so many good deeds / thriller movies in recent years and so successful? Well no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's one of my favorites too. One thing that is true about Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's films is that they keep getting worse. The Rock was a clear 9, Con air was a good 8 and this well clearly this is a 7. Not that that mark is bad. It does not show that his films in Bruckheimer are getting worse and that maybe Cage has to think more before accepting a role in a movie and probably he should do some films less? No, it does not show this to us because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in recent years, except for 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit it, but that was never Cage's fault and the story sounded good. About the last movie I can not say anything, because I have not seen it yet. It's one thing, though I know for sure, if Bruckheimer asked me for these three films, I would have said YES to them all. I would have said yes to The Rock because the story was great and why you would play Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air because there would be a lot of action in it, because the story was good and because you had to deal with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In that case I would have starred because I would have gotten a great paycheque, I would have been able to ride some cool and fast cars and because I would have been able to kiss Angelina Jolie (can not wait to see her in that Lara Croft Clothing). This was a good choice from Mr. Cage and it was certainly worth taking a look at the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
