Well, now, that was certainly a surprise episode. In this series of anthology science fiction, with all these alien beings, extraordinary occurrences and many brushes with each other, this episode would surely be unusual. His seemingly insignificant configurations apparently do not convey any morals at the end of the story. Or that? Beginning with the Silent Movie Form, no dialogs recorded, but with musical accompaniment. In this case, it is on the soundtrack, not using the Playing of Organ or Piano by a musician in sight. This part of the episode, along with the final section, also made liberal use of title cards as well as "old movies". Although these titles are a bit overdone and exaggerated, they are done so intentionally and with affection, rather than any contempt for The Silent Film. <br /> <br /> The veteran comedy film director, Norman Z. McLeod, was the man in the chair for this half-hour plot. He had been the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, featuring people like the Marx brothers, W.C. Campos, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was no stranger to the TV, as he had done a lot of work on the television series. <br /> <br /> It does not look like he and Mr. Keaton had ever worked together before (as I can not find any proof of it) 'but judging by the outcome of the film, they managed to do it with flying colors! Anyone who directed Keaton was aware that Buster was also a good comedy director, as well as a Comedy Player. He was as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of her. Your short partnership must have been harmonious, with "give and take" about how to do things. It is evident that many of the jokes were of Keaton, resurrected of its own Silent Picture Days. For example, the joke of putting on the pair of pants with Rollo (Stanley Adams tour was made by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919) .This was a clear example of his craft Buster knew that we filmed our world with a camera, making it a two-dimensional image.This is a fact that is at the bottom of so many jokes.It is a Cardinal Rule for your life.The cast was small and again full of veteran talent. Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as the straight man of Mr. Keaton.Jesse White, the old "Maytag Repair Man", ran the fix that repaired "Time HJelmet." Gil Lamb, a serene veteran of the RKO Short Comedy series, was the <br /> <br /> Without spilling the beans, let's just say yes, there is probably a lesson to be learned here. mentioned, "The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence!", ent what about, "Be careful what you ask for because you just might get it!"
