This is a clever TWILIGHT ZONE episode that was comical instead of weird or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, an 1890 janitor from America, works in a laboratory. He is constantly complaining about the problems of life around him: meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb unpublished!). He is always shouting behind crazy speeders (on bikes - cars have not yet appeared). Clutching to the end, he sees a helmet as a device of a scientist, and puts it on and tries. Suddenly, he is in modern America. The beginning was a silent seven-minute film. Now it's all noise, everybody talking, all beeping, all blowing. Keaton is only here for a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He runs to Stanley Adams, a Professor Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in this charming and quiet age. He helps Mulligan repair the helmet, and they go back in time. Rollo gets bored after some time due to the lack of scientific equipment that he can use. Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future. But now Woodrow is fully satisfied with the quiet, simple age in which he lives. He found contentment. In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton was often on television (often for Allan Funt in CANDID CAMERA, where he could help set up gag gimmicks in public). He made some movies too (most notably THE FUNNY THING HAPPENED FROM THE WAY TO THE FORUM and THE WALK). But he occasionally appeared in television pieces and episodes. He is in his element here, presumably advising the director (old comedy film director Norman McLeod - he directed the Marx Brothers in HORSEBACKS) about the tricks he could make. Watch as Stanley Adams and he adams when he is snatching the pants he needs. In terms of timing, this recalls one of the jokes he made in the 1920s in films like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in good shape for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The apparitions of Jesse White (here as repairman, of all things) are always welcome. But look a little at Professor Rollo. Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in the movies and television from the 1950s until his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, sloppy in appearance and heavy and booming voice, his best-known dramatic role was as a wrestling promoter in the film version of REQUIEM. By a heavyweight (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a fighter wearing a costume like an Indian). His most well-known television appearance was as the space trader who introduces the crew of the starship Enterprise in STAR TREK to those small furry creatures and fertile "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth watching (as Jesse White, and certainly as Keaton), increasing most of the productions he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to a first-class character performer.
