Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in prison for car theft and there he gave the plan for the perfect assault of a lifer in prison; so he has to get out of jail fast. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who is going to do his time in jail for some money. But no one wants to make time for Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know a guy who's going to do it. Soon the bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovers the details of this called "perfect work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend it for everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not watch the original Italian so I can not judge or compare these two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy, about four people trying to steal money from a house vault. Everyone gave their share of the brilliance of this movie. Really great movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their participation in this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe to say that this movie is just comedy, is not fair. That's more than that. Because of a difference. All the thieves in this movie have very small desires when asked: what will they do with their money? It is mainly to secure your future in a very humble way. This goes beyond comedy to the souls of these criminals. And not only them, but also against Babitch, who is presented as a corrupt; so here Russian directors presents us fact that criminals and cop are the same. In fact, all in Collinwood are; and not just at Collinwood, because all people chase money, legally or illegally. I do not like all the movies the public eventually likes and applauds thieves. But this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with his little baby and wife in jail. Toto with the pants on. Cosimo with his phrase: "Your mother is a prostitute!" and all the others. They are like characters from my favorite comic book, Alan Ford. All of them trying to make some money, but simply they are out of luck. But everyone did a good deed: they gave Riley money so he could get his wife out of jail. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people would not do that.
