Having watched the movie for the first time at age 14, I remember hearing the word 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time on Soviet TV (I bet it was really * the * first time ever? add that to the trivia section? :) ... What an open daring and freedom, I thought! Over the years, I have been increasingly impressed by the film and the incredible acting, but my feelings have turned into a sort of blend of pleasure from a genuine piece of cinematic art and a bitter perception of a concept diametrically opposed to my own. years. print: helplessness. There is an air of inevitable catastrophe appearing throughout the film, from primitive degenerate tide (played by Sharikov) sweeping the life of the best minds that advance humanity in their areas ... It is a great metaphor of the Russian Revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals shamed his superiority and hope of "improving" the lower classes, only to release the power of mediocrity and be swallowed by it ... An extremely fine and talented piece, involving a truly sad idea in a brilliantly satirical and elegant way. Symbolically, did the film itself mark the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami brought them down? for good, it seems, judging by most of the current Russian films (most of them labeled as 'blockbusters' in pre-launch !!! trailers and posters :). <br/> <br/> Funny, this episode of 'govno' is not in contradiction. for the comment of Efenstor above the language re gue of the current generation ... From what I have already said, it may seem that this may be the film that showed the way to this, but it was not. A word moderated by current standards was too rude at that time, and just rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs. Speaking of Ephesus's lament, it is naive to juxtapose to be intellectual and use a rude lexicon especially for Russian speakers where a single cussword could have meanings that carry sentences in translation! But I am sorry that ALL the meaning of the conversation of today's teenagers can be expressed by swearing. I feel that this is the bigger problem than choosing the medium that is most efficient for the task :) Well, this movie and the book are great foods to think about that can change them, or anyone who has the luxury of watching it.
