Ok, after reading a couple of comments on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misunderstandings as being a direct steal from Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that was an imitation of Nadia is that Nadia's pendant and the pendant of Atlantis has a lot of similarity in terms of how it is used, origins and how it is created from the source of life that there is no doubt that it was copied . If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are dressed in the same way, you can put that against Disney as well (it was kind of weird for Nadia and Kida to wear bikini-style clothes on a science fiction adventure, not to mention that they both change a similar style also). As an anime fan I have to agree that there is some degree of copying but it is only in the minor details and even if many ideas are not original (like the encryption design on the wall in Laputa, the former mask of Princess Mononoke, similarity of the vehicles for the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.) ... The plot itself I believe is highly original and it is quite surprising that Disney can use it without the use of Captain Nemo (the main character in 20k Jules' Verne). Mar who is also the main character in Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wearing glasses of similar style ... As shown in the novel "The Lord of the Flies," glasses is a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the main character of the Stargate and a dozen other "INTELLIGENT" characters would seem a bit unfit for the role if they went in without glasses. As for submarines, and how submarines fight (with those big torpedoes that really look like what Nautilius does), I want to state that it's a must for anyone if Atlantis is involved in the plot (after all it's a sunken city below of water). As for the crew having some characteristic resemblance to the Nautilius crew on Nadia, it may be the work of art, but I do not feel any copyright infringement as the character's personalities were perfectly original to me. As an anime fan who ranked Nadia as the best anime I've ever watched today. I have my doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But now that I've watched the movie, I've once again gained my confidence with Disney and have high hopes for your future films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie yet without me shaking to the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and it is an advantage that they have reviewed their cheese scripts to make it even better. Also, it's amazing that they actually portray the bad guys as normal without making them excessively evil at first (I kept wondering who the bad guys are and only the blonde girl looks like a bad character in terms of how Disney designs, too known as making the bad guys look really menacing)
