Military training movies are becoming so common that they are becoming a genre in themselves. Among the most prominent are 'Official and a Gentleman', 'Top Gun', 'GI Jane', and now 'Men of Honor'. The fact that this happened to be true does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This film is probably more like "GI Jane" since it focuses on the angle of disaggregation. <br /> <br /> The story is really quite inspiring and is probably the best human interest story among those mentioned above. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is unquestionably a man of great courage and principles, and his strength of character shines brightly in this film. Unfortunately, director George Tillman has tunnel vision in presenting the characters and avoids the character development of several other characters besides Brashear in favor of showing Brashear in a constant state of adversity. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central figure and, except for the initial scene, the fight and some scenes with his wife, we do not know much about him. For example, Brashear sees the scars on the palms of Sunday and we should suppose that he worked with a plow, but there is no accompaniment at that point. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) receives only a small scene by which we can judge him. The rest of his time on the screen shows him pacing back and forth and complaining. If a director is going to make a human interest story, he needs to humanize the characters. <br /> <br /> Cuba Gooding Jr. gives an excellent performance as Brashear. This is probably the best I have ever seen. This is a role and a character that is much more complete than any other part he has played before, and he gets up for the occasion. In "Jerry Maguire," Rod Tidwell was a fascinating but one-dimensional character with the depth of a puddle of rain. Brashear is much more complex and grounded, and the problems he faces are life crises, making the role much more challenging. This is an excellent recovery from Gooding's last role in 'Chill Factor', a film so terrible that it was almost an act of professional suicide to take the role. After a period of trying his hand as a comedian (`Analyze This, '' The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle ',' Meet The Parents'), Robert DeNiro is back in his dramatic roots with performance. DeNiro is not a bad comedian, he's just a great dramatic actor who looks like he should not waste his time doing comedy. DeNiro endows Billy Sunday with a rock-hard personality that defies a tortured soul. It's a pleasure to see you work. <br /> <br /> It seems like every movie I've seen lately has Charlize Theron in it. I saw "The Legend of Bagger Vance", "Men of Honor" and "The Yards" shortly after and I was beginning to wonder if she had participated in all the movies in 2000 (actually she only made five). This was a minor role for Theron, but she took it well and managed to stay with DeNiro step by step. David Keith, who co-starred with Richard Gere in 'Officer and a Gentleman', has a special guest here. <br /> The DVD has some interesting special features, including reflections from the real Carl Brashear and some deleted scenes. <br /> <br /> I liked this movie despite the banal plot and one-dimensional presentation. I rated a 7/10. I am a sucker for stories of underdog and I have a taste for stories in which the character's strength is the central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two memorable acting performances that outweigh some of the director's shortcomings.
