After watching two of her short films, "Elena and Her Men" (1956) is my first feature by French director Jean Renoir, and I quite liked it. However, I did not watch the movie for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who? at the age of 41? still radiating beauty, elegance and unsurpassed charm. During the early 1950s, after his scandalous marriage with Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily lost public favoritism. Her next five films, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that Renoir's latest release did little to increase Bergman's popularity with the English-speaking audience {however, she regained her former success with an Oscar in the same "Anastasia (1956)" of the year. She stars as Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere, before abandoning them promptly. While working with her lucky charms to aid the political aspirations of distinguished General François Rollan (Jean Marais), she finds herself falling into a love she will not be able to turn away from. This vaguely political movie works much like a satire or a romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too seriously; is a purely gay romantic fluff. <br /> <br /> Filmed in vibrant Technicolor, Elena and her men are also wonderful, a flood of bright colors, characters and fantasies. The Polish princess of Bergman is dreamy and somewhat self-centered, not in an unpleasant way, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. She is persuaded by a team of government plotters to persuade General Rollan to carry out a coup d'etat, consciously exploiting her love for her in order to satisfy her own illusions as a "guardian angel." Perhaps the only legitimately virtuous character of the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband of Audrey Hepburn), who ignores all secondary selfish motives and chases Elena for love and love. This, Renoir proudly suggests, is what true Frenchmen do best. 'Elena and her men' also tries, with modest success, to expose the shallowness of upper-class French connections, through Eugène's clumsy flirt (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not make love to his mistress's servant without her fiancé walking in them. For these sequences, Renoir was obviously trying the kind of crazy humor you could find in a film of the Marx Brothers, but the film itself is so relaxed and relaxed that energy simply does not exist.
