Since my third or fourth vision some time ago, I abstained from La Maman et la putain while I await the DVD. Meanwhile, I read the French script, as well as Alain Philippon's monograph on Jean Eustache. The latter ends with a frustrating filmography, eleven films, fiction, doc and in-between, impossible to see or, in the cases of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., re-see. <br /> /> Some issues that hit me at this time: the French of Polish Véronika is quite colloquial (a maximum d '"a maximum d'"). Still, does she have an accent? I think I can tell what she does. What does the absence of color add, especially at the only point where the periphery of the city is glimpsed? How does this fringe differ from the sleep and journey that separate the worlds from the Storm and the Winter Tale? Ditto Alphaville. We can imagine the years since, but does Eustache deliberately circumscribe the mood of the film? Is this an enchanted island? Is Alexander a fairy tale? Alexander always choreographs himself, worrying about how or where to stand or walk, what to say when, announcing those decisions to those who have to care less than he does what he does. Or is this your way of trying to choreograph others by doing this for yourself? How different is he from Scottie from Vertigo? (I say, I think, a lot). What is the difference, and there is one, between Loudaud de Eustache, Truffaut, and Godard? How different is the present Léaud? Is he still not doing this, whatever it is, in recent papers, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, whatever it is, approaching old age? I once arrived early for one of a series of mostly Truffaut films by Antoine Doinel (Léaud's character). For a long time, every three or five minutes, down the hall, a twenty-something man in a scarf, tweed coat, Laud hair, came in with a nose for direction. I have no idea if this is a conscious or unconscious mimicry. I was that age, but I have no idea what I was then. There is no scarf, at least. I have one brother, though, who seems to have learned his carriage with Bresson.
