First of all, I really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is about daring to live life to the fullest. Very poetic, with scenes comforting and funny and sad, very lively, it was a pleasure to watch. Here are my "exceptions": The movie was very long and at some point continued to add more and more additional conflicts, so that began to lose the main plot. I disagree though with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think this was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas going on everywhere, we just do not know about the people we meet only superficially. I did not like the ending, which was so loaded with symbolism and extremely stressed. It left a bad taste because it was too much. I did not like that so many big problems were dramatically mentioned in the group (when some accused others in front of all others of important things, people would be more "ashamed" to express everything so personal in front of everyone, even if these people are a group that is working closely). And defending yourself is a stronger instinct of human beings. Then why the hell would Daniel let himself be beaten and never retaliate, not even to defend himself? I mean he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when attacked, but this only drove me crazy to see him do nothing. It was as if the storyteller tried to force a message like "violence is not necessary," but the way he chose to do it was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses credibility when he remains indifferent despite all the attacks. E: Gabriella ... why the hell a woman, who spent years with a man beating her, goes to that man when he's arrested and says, "I do not wish you any harm. all of us ". Oh really, that spoiled a lot! Was she a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not so "holy" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and the music so great that it made her forget everything that happened to her? Oh, please. So these were the moments of pampering. However, I still think this is a delicious movie all in all, which is incredible enough, given my discomfort with a few things. Watch !! ;-) "
