The famous international master Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) suffers a heart attack with his stressed-out professional life and interrupts his successful career with an early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a sensitive seven-year-old boy, bullied by Conny and other school friends, to live a low-tempo life. He buys an old school and is invited to attend the church choir by the local pastor (Niklas Falk), but reluctant and timid Daniel refuses at first. However, he engages with the community and is drawn to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with the local doctor. His song opens the hearts of the members of the choir, affecting his daily life: the slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the chance to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), wife of Stig, releases his repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes action against her violent and violent husband; the gossipy and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens his heart against Lena; the fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); until Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When they are invited to participate in an important contest in Vienna, Daniel finds his music opening the hearts of people who fulfill their dream. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a moving and sensitive film with a very beautiful story. It's amazing how director Kay Pollak and scriptwriters have managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are excellent, supported by magnificent scores and at least two incredible moments: when Gabrielle sings his music at the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and all participating in the melody, and Daniel making his dream become reality. As in "Theorem," the stranger changes life, not only of a family, but of a conservative community. In addition, like many European films, the open ending indicates that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, achieving peace with the success of his music. My eyes got wet in those two scenes. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Life in Paradise"
