Kay Pollak's Heated Heart in 2004 Så som i himmelen / How it is in Heaven contains all the stereotypes of Swedish mankind and inhumanity, but manages to be a pleasure for all. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, observers of continuity error and for saccharin unmasters, but can portray the colors of life in a small community evocatively. The film also features the full range of proverbial messages about 'finding your own voice' and 'just doing it despite fear', without completely removing the lump from the cynics' throats. <br /> <br /> Your success as a whole. The pleasure of the crowd comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers that bring new life to Christian rural communities offer plenty of room for exposure to hypocrisy, while allowing repressed characters out of their hair. In the same year and with a similarly Swedish breeze, The Queen of Sheba's Pearls did so, and Banette's Feast also comes to mind. Secondly, any film about small communities spanning the globe will reach a human chord in our increasingly individual / self-focused and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film with names like The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day shows its debt to the formula. But it's still a living formula, and that seems to happen because people need positive message movies that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> The stranger is exhausted. conductor Daniel Daréus in search of rediscovery. The city he visits, or rather revisits, is, without the knowledge of the people of the city, the place of his childhood. He was bullied mercilessly by colleagues here, supposedly because he was a sensitive musician with no aspiration to drive a truck. Here he takes on the work of singer / coroner, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. The place is naturally populated by a wide range of recognizable types, whose arches of character can be predicted: the fair-haired, heartbroken girl, so beautiful she almost shines; the local businessman touching a cell phone; the woman whose beauty is lost amid domestic abuse; the steel minister and his less austere wife, who at first seem to be out of Ingmar Bergman. Present also: jealous and tense maiden (Siv) (check); geriatric patient whose soul still sings (check); elderly couple who may have suppressed wishes for each other since kindergarten (check); obese person whose job is to point out that we should not laugh and say 'fat' (check); A young man with intellectual disabilities who shows himself capable of singing a good 'A' (checked). <br /> <br /> Pollak's film, however, is not just a warm message. He deviates from the subgenre "let's put on a show despite setbacks and moral opposition". It contains violence and an ending that may well be a metaphor for dying after reaching creative nirvana. The violence of the film is largely a function of male rage and repression, but never delves deeply into why the school bully who grows up as a wife spanker is like that. In the same way, the small town pastor adheres so closely to the moralistic stereotype, wearing super-Protestant black, that his secret indulgence in women's magazines is not surprising. Their repressions and hypocrisies are there, hanging unrelated to psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable photograph of a boy, a lost son perhaps, glimpsed once over his shoulder, holds the secret. <br /> <br /> Maybe these holes are editing functions, like various inconsistencies and flaws in continuity that can be tarnished, such as the inexplicable reappearance of Siv in the choir (twice) after moralistic outbursts. In fact, none of the film's mishaps lasted for long and everything seems settled inside a scene. In addition to some weird love scenes, the 127 minutes of the movie rarely creep, but there is a feeling that things may have been left on the cutting room floor. <br /> <br /> The film remains solid, despite having three stars. the holes that can be chosen. This is simply because, in a world of technology-focused movements and selfish materialistic pursuit, any glimpse of the human community is ultimately welcome to anyone, even to the cynic.
