This is a very captivating BBC-TV miniseries that is loosely based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is actually more a study of the various characters in the story, which lasts five hours. It is therefore quite a piece of ensemble where the wide variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can show off their talents. The actual characters portrayed are really "the kind of person you normally do not know," people so boring and undefined that it's hard to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding one. He lives on the help of his in-laws. He's been in the army, but he does not seem to have the slightest glimmer of any ambition or any interest in life other than liking his little family. He is portrayed by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant on paper, as a totally understanding person, although his only activities for five hours are loving and mourning, which he does in a superb way, so that one wishes to console him, as he is. So obviously a nice guy. The outstanding performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who acts around all the others in history. She is simply amazing. It portrays a very unfriendly woman, in fact the only character in the story who is very familiar to all, ie an old fool irrational, hysterical, egocentric, dense, frowning, blind and loving. Unfortunately, we know them very well. Wilton is one of the best actresses in Britain (see my review of "Things Half Broken"). She picks up a character that could have been two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. She is marvelously backed by old professional Patrick Malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and their pair set a high de facto standard for all the younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress at a younger age, has become a much less understanding kind of person now that she is older, has become rude in some way, and falls in love, but redeems herself in the later stages of history by showing how brilliant she is an actress she may be when she gets a chance, taking one of the most convincing and original drunken scenes I've ever seen in the movies. The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah, interpreted with great depth and originality by the actress Sarah Smart. She picks up a character who could have been unbearably tedious and by pure acting magic turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person about whom we wondered restlessly for the entire five hours. She's so good at it that we ended up wondering about Sarah Smart, frankly. I think that's what happens when you actually do your job correctly, that people wonder where the character ends and the actress starts, if she knows herself, that is, and many do not. She has some deeply unnerving tricks with her eyes that waver and let us know that she is out of balance, but we are not sure how or why, although we eventually find out that she has had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. His domain of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is incredibly convincing as an apparently hopeless guy who lives with his mother and does not learn much but who ends up hiding his depths. (I suppose most people have hidden depths, but we want to fathom them, that's the point.) Her mother is very well played by Margot Leicester. An excellent performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a disgusting and disgusting teenager of the kind we all fear but who at crucial moments collapses into helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance just a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend and her younger half-brother and half-sister. The younger siblings can be really very undecided as characters in the story (they seem unable to say something particularly articulate, being hopeless witnesses to the disappearance) with little to recommend them but their sweet natures, but this is conveyed to effect wonderful by Lee. Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we can not see much of her, which is a shame, since she's a great actress she wasted here. You can continue, but you have to draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of the portrait of all these essentially uninteresting people caught in a web of intense anxiety and suspense.
