Yet the definitive program on World War II, The World At War is not only long but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes), and includes the events that preceded and followed in the aftermath of the war. Most episodes talk about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and the domestic fronts of Germany, Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939), and talks about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and the German territorial gains before the start of the war. The series ends with the episode Remember; the influence of war in a postwar world. Remember it's an appropriate episode to end this great program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with opening credits. The credits are accompanied by a powerful musical theme. There are many musical pieces throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic, and that's how it was put together. In addition, some of the images are colored. The information included also makes the episodes memorable and fun. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to produce, such was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century). Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, LeMay Curtis, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu, and other members of the Allied and Axis Campaigns, including eyewitnesses to civilians, men, Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "The Creation of the World at War" that he sought to interview, not necessarily the surviving greats, but his helpers and assistants. The most difficult subject to locate and persuade to be interviewed, according to Isaacs, was Heinrich Himmler's helper, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted to witnessing a large-scale execution in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> The World At War is often considered the definitive story of television in World War II. Some consider the best example of documentary form. In a list of the 100 Greatest British Television programs produced by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted by industry professionals, The World at War ranked 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I enjoyed the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one after another. I've seen some of them several times. There are two other large series of documentaries that I know of which may be of interest to the viewer. One is called The Great War (1964), which is about the First World War. The other is called Cold War (1998), which is about the Cold War, obviously.
