The music and gloomy delivery of Laurence Olivier set the perfect tone for this exceptional documentary. This is still a must see for fans of WW II, descendants of the participants in this conflict, politicians who think things always go their way when they extend their foreign policy through the deck of an aircraft carrier (did you hear that George Bush? ) And any other person curious or who needs to know the whys and who is of some aspect of this conflict. The 26 episodes are more or less in chronological order, but can be seen out of sequence since they are more or less independent. There is likely to be new insight for the new viewer due to the large volume presented. Real images of battles are interspersed with interviews of those involved in the stories. Many of the interviews are with second-tier authorities, ie, support staff for the main characters, soldiers, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses, and the like. You have an early taste of what war is. <br/> <br/> I'm currently watching the DVD version of the original TV documentary. I strongly recommend this on the spent, gaptoothed, overpriced VHS offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five double-sided DVD discs. This new version includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, there is first a choice of what episode you want to see and after you select that you have the option of several chapters in the episode or play the entire episode. Understandably, with such a comprehensive presentation, there is a small amount of navigation on the menu, but the impact of what you see will not diminish after 30 years, that is, after 60 years since the end of the war. <br /> I remember watching the first broadcast on Buffalo PBS station shortly before moving out of London in 1975 and wishing since that time that I could have a copy. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> Watch this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges overcome by those of America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all other nations and peoples involved in the final victory. What an eye opener.
