This interesting feature has a very good story, quite colorful characters and a very steady pace. He also incorporates a plot device from "Reap the Wild Wind," and since Cecil B. Deille directed this and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn directed this film of his preparations, which can hardly be a coincidence. works in both cases, I must report. The unusual configuration tells the viewer that Barataria, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte is built on piracy, but during the war of 1812, and before, he always refrained from bothering the United States vessels. Now General Andrew Jackson has been accused of defending neighboring New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British Imperial Redcoats and 60 ships. Lafitte's men want him to stand on the side of the stronger force; he wants liberty and pardons for his men before giving up such a strategic landing point for US forces. There are other factors at work in the story line; Pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack US ships and do so by defying Lafitte's orders, leaving a child alive without knowing that they have lost an eye-witness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not grant what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog, the pirates and Jackson defeat the British and he leaves for any destination that expects a man who has genius and ability, but not fortune. The cast of this colorful and physically adorable film is really skillful. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as the pirate king, Inger Stevens is gorgeous; as the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his advisor, mighty Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall, the governor, and Claire Bloom is charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Others in the cast include Corsia's Ted, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as counselor for Jackson, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley, among others. The music of Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 screenplay redone here only needed to be renovated a bit. The brilliant cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, the decor was provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, with décor defined by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made the hairstyles elaborate and Wally Westmore's makeup difficult. The film contains a good level of adventure dialogue and a very strong climactic battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, prepared to play the role of an older general, and then discovered that the man was young at the time of the battle; but he is often effective, graying or not, especially in his conversations with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-assembled entertainment, which looks exactly as if C. DeMille had completed his production; is a beautiful and almost very fine film.
