The last time I read a book by Nancy Drew about 20 years ago, much of my memory of the fictional character is probably flawed. From what I've learned, the books were introduced to me at a time when teenage detectives were popular with children who grew up at the time (in my case, in the 1980s and early 1990s) with Hardy Boys, Famous Five and "Nancy Drew, by Carolyn Keene, is among the most famous. I still remember those hardback books with very dated cover illustrations, usually quite heavy (for a child), and the thickness of the book perhaps attributed to the fact that the words are printed in large letters. Well, the character has received some updates along the way as I recall subsequent books of my sister Nancy Drew becoming less thick, soft-cover, with updated and a more chic Nancy illustrated on the cover.I can not remember if these stories were the same as the old ones, but I think these books, being written in ghost, have their fair share of updating for the times. /> In this release of Warner Brothers of Nancy Drew, the character no doubt receives its update to suit the times, but somehow the writers Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen maintained their sensitivities of 50 small towns, thus retaining some charm and flavor that, like me, would appreciate. Her sense of fashion, her humor and dexterity, to some traces of uncharacteristic behavior that make her, well, Nancy Drew. <br /> <br /> His family background is more or less the same, living with his unmarried father Carson Drew. (Tate Donovan) who is taking his daughter and himself to the big city for a better job opportunity, and to take his daughter away from the investigation in the town of River Heights. Mom is just a distant memory, and the maid makes a point. But what made Nancy Drew work, is the cast of Emma Roberts in the lead role. Niece of her famous Aunt Julia, she also has that cheerful demeanor, that unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile. Your Nancy Drew, while at first seems to rub the wrong way, will actually grow on you. And in almost what I thought might be a Pretty Woman discarded scene, the characters entered a class store with almost opposite reactions. While Father Carson Drew struggles to get Nancy out of her investigation and to assimilate normal teenage life, trust Nancy to find herself living in a house whose owner, a Hollywood type, was found dead under suspicious circumstances. The mysterious solution is her comfortable food when she finds herself excluded from the local brotherhood, and not long before we are brought along with her in her great onscreen adventure. <br /> <br /> There is nothing much Black Dahlia about crime and mystery, and instead is a simple enough piece for Nancy to resolve, between making friends with Corky (Josh Flitter), a chubby school friend, and pacifying jealous boyfriend Ned (Max Thieriot), while hiding the truth of his extracurricular activities from her father. The story is filled with extravagant fun and an old sentimentality that enchants and, together, becomes somewhat like a scooby-doo. With a minimum of violence and no big shootings or explosions, this is a genre that is clearly labeled with the "chick flick" alert. <br /> <br /> I think the film will generate a new generation of fans, rekindle memories. of the old ones, and probably probably can spark a new trend in the sporting fashion of moccasins.
