If my expectations were not overcome, they would certainly be met. "Nancy Drew" works like a mystery and a comedy. It pays homage to the books on which it was based and falsifies them at the same time. The film begins with a close-up on a bookshelf and an animated sequence of credits that resembles illustrations from the books. Then begins to satirize the books immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that the idea of ​​a teenager regularly breaking a crime ring in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not treat the idea religiously. He mocks Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, as in every school class, to know which roast dish is perfect for converting any enemy to her side, making a bird house with twelve flying butts, and even performing an emergency tracheotomy . party. Nancy would always be in a perfect style if she were living in the healthy 1950s instead of the present day. And she carries a "detective kit" complete with fingerprints of dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Of course, but I seem to remember the Hardy Boys' access at any time to the CSI equipment being a bit convenient as well. And if the private detective is a little younger than his literary counterpart, it's just more comic exaggeration on the part of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is treated more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer, father, move from their small town to Los Angeles where Nancy plunges into a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home decades ago. Nancy looks for clues in very practical ways, such as browsing sites like Google and this, and watching old videos of the victim's movies. When she does something more out of the ordinary, you have to admire the girl's resourcefulness. Emma Roberts, an undeniably cute boy, plays the amateur detective the size of a beautiful. She makes the perfect girl completely lovely, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the father of the perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is an ideal paternal figure without being unrealistically perfect, and he shows a reasonable concern for his daughter when she comes into danger. Less sympathetic is Max Thierot's opinion of Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I much preferred George O'Hanlon Jr.'s portrayal in the 1970s TV series, starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a clumsy and clumsy boy with a slight fall for Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old boy with a crush on Nancy, is far less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem appropriately scaled up as friends of Nancy, Bess and George, but they only make small appearances at the beginning of the film. Speaking of cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Willis make surprise guest appearances, which proves you can never guess which movie Bruce Willis will appear then. <br /> <br /> The film can not live up to its potential. . It is mentioned at the beginning that the new Drews house is heavily armored, but Nancy and her father have just stumbled into traps a few minutes after that. In addition, Nancy describes the cold case she is about to investigate as a murder occurring at a fancy party, which should yield many potential killers, but she only finds a handful of suspects. And while there are some moments of real suspense during Nancy's adventures, the solution to the case comes out of nowhere, and in the end all possible plot topics are tied conveniently and who cares who did it. Ralph Sall's score heightens the suspense of the film, but the contemporary songs of teenagers woven into the soundtrack are idiots. Still, I really enjoyed this movie, and while the film is aimed primarily at girls, people of any age and gender can have fun.
