"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And the most poignant may be the relationship between reality and the art with which the film deals, which is directly inspired by Proust's work, "The Search of Lost Time." In fact, "La Maman et la putain" and "In Search of Lost Time" apparently tell the same story: that of the failure of love, which is repeated indefinitely. The name of the first woman is always Gilberte, and the second appears as a deformed and distorted double of Gilberte: Veronika is like a "prostitute Gilberte", beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as the day". After the failure of the first love, a second love begins, but this is as already condemned by the first. Veronika takes the place of Gilberte, in the life of Alexander and in the film. She progressively eclipses it, once in a while, Gilberte is still coming when Alexander waits for Veronika, then totally. This shows that it is the same sad history repeating itself, the same "unfaithful woman," as Alexander says, that appears without end - and infidel is for Proust the highest point of love, which makes him exist, but which also underlines his illusions . /> <br /> Art is what causes the passage between what is outside - the illusion of love - to what is inside, which is the truth, and is a learning of that truth. For example, when Veronika realizes the strange way Alexandre does is sleep, he responds that he saw in a movie, and then, that a movie, "is made for that, to learn how to live, how to make a bed." Alexander wants to live like he's in a movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This conception of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la Putain" fights against a "mainly political" art conception - see, for example, the ironic review of a political film by Alexander. As Proust says: "Art does not care for all these proclamations and only exists in silence." First of all, art is introspection. That is also why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must turn reality into reality. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie." That is why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artificiality, emphasizes by the way the actors "say" its text: "the more you appear artificial, the higher you go," said Eustache. Eustache and Proust share this view that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth. But Alexander failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us the failure of a character to be what he really is. You may feel the tragedy arise when you go further in the movie, which gets sadder. You can see it in Alexander's face, which looks more and more like an undead. You can see this by the fact that the scenes become longer, and that after a while, nothing happens outside. At the end of the film, when you see Alexander writing, and Veronika asking if he is writing his life, you can imagine that he is not, that even literature failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who is crushed by the weight of reality. And in this little nurse's room, Alexander looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexander is a reader of Balzac. In "Forme et signification," Jean Rousset explains that in Proust's work, Balzac's readers, who are Swann and Charlus, are incapable of any artistic creation, because they are trapped in reality, which they confuse with art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of an artist and his work, between reality and art." And that's exactly Alexander. He states, for example, that "he loves a woman for parallel reasons because she touched a Bresson's for example." He is like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my vocation." This thought is in fact of Eustache, that committed suicide, even if it is said by Alexander. However, there is a difference between Alexander and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexander, Alexander is like a double without art, a horrible vision of the artist, which crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> By landing Veronika at the end of the film, Alexander is doomed to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the last pictures of the film, in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud, as well as in the endless display of Veronika. Or perhaps it is already the hell that describes the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and absolutely not as in the final liberation of "Le Temps retrouvé." If Eustache had read Proust, Alexander could never finish the book, always disturbed by life and Veronika when he tried to read in his apartment or in the cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is a double reversal of "In Search of Lost Times", which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while "The Search for Lost Time" tells how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette) , as Baudelaire says, an artist says "reality in the light of his dream," is his nightmare that Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la Putain."
