In what could have been seen as a coup in the direction of sexual "revolution" (I purposely use quotations for this word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed The Mother and the Whore as a poetic and condemnatory criticism for those who do not seem to get enough love . If there is a message for this film - and I hope the message comes only after the fact that more of this Ben-Hur feature has to offer - is that to love honestly there has to be some level of happiness, real truth . Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really have what they really want, or feel they can even express themselves to say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relations that Alexander (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is a pseudo-intellectual in his mid-twenties, not with any apparent employment, and lives by a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than him and usually is, if not always, his lover, his last possible love for he. Life has left him, and soon after he picks up a woman he sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who may remind him of her. So what is unfolding is the most subtly torrid love triangle that has ever been placed in the movies, where the psychological strings are drawn with the most cruel words and the smallest of gestures. At first, we think it may be all about what will happen to Alexander, but we are wrong. Women are so essential to this love and sex issue that they have to be around, talking nonstop, for something to sink. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in theory, if not entirely in practice (perhaps it was, I can not say that I did not live in the period to see firsthand), was that freedom led to a lack of inhibitions. But Eustache's point, if not entirely the message, is that it is virtually impossible to have both: you can not have people loving you and expect to get the satisfaction of the ultimate company that arrives with "f *** ing" as the repeatedly. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the Mother and the Prostitute in relation to the subject is to express this dread under the promiscuity, the lack of monogamy, at the same time that it stimulates the intellect in the most talked about conversation you have ever seen in film. . At the same time we see a character like Alexander, who probably loves to hear about some movie he saw or something bad from his past, Eustache makes the film itself not be pretentious - although it may seem but is about pretentiousness, which is beneath those who are hiding by their internal faults, which they need to use when they are alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought that movies like Before Sunrise / Sunset were relationship movies, you did not find that. But as Eustache reveals in the dialogues these characters have, sometimes trivial, or "deep", or sexual, or frank, or occasionally extremely (or in a moderate way) emotional, never, never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who do not get tired of a good movie, it is exceptional. While her style does not call the audacity that came with her precursors in the nouvelle vague, a dozen years before, Eustache's new-wave touch is with the characters, and then reverberating in them. <br /> <br /> It's realism with a peak of attitude, with things at the moment blunt and sarcastic, raw and unashamed in expression. All three actors are so stuck in their characters that we can not perceive them as "faking" an emotion or going to the melodrama. It is almost good in naturalistic / realistic terms, but for Eustache's material there is no other way around it. Fortunately, Leaud is the crowning of his career in the period, and the two ladies, particularly Labrun, as the "whore" Veronika (a statement she refutes in a climax of the film in a single uninterrupted photo). And as another touch, from time to time, the director plunges into a moment of silent thought, a character sitting alone, listening to a record, and contemplating or dying. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his film Broken Flowers to Eustache and has a particular scene that is raised completely (and lovingly) in the approach of the late Parisian. <br /> <br /> Sad to say Before I see Broken Flowers, I've never heard of Eustache or this movie, and looking for it has become a big challenge (not available on American DVD, and on VHS so rare it took several months of tracking in several libraries). Not a minute of that time was wasted; The Mother and the Whore is a truly beautiful work, one of the best French relationship dramas, perhaps even one of the most incredibly lucid I've ever seen in the country at large. It is complex, it is sweet, it is cold, it is absorbent and it is very long, perhaps very long. It is also satisfactory in the type of level I would compare to Scenes of a Marriage; true revelations about the human condition continue to emerge 35 years after the release of each film.
