It's a refreshing breath of air when a movie really gives you a plot with a beginning, middle, and end, a nice and clever mystery, with a heroine appealing to all ages, who conquers us with her wit and charm. Andrew Fleming's film is, in fact, a modern marvel, a return to good, reliable narrative that was the norm in Hollywood. He sets aside the excessive dependence on special effects that now passes for entertainment and gives us a great movie, with a very capable young actress and a talented supporting cast. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the old. books, but was given enough update to put into this century; however, the props may be different, the heart is still a good mystery, and there is a clever here, one that connects the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth. Emma Roberts is an old-fashioned girl who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details that are missing in today's movies. She's still good enough to get the kids' attention, but she also knows how to stand and respect herself. She earns her medals by working hard and is not afraid to show a little cunning when it is necessary to achieve her goals. <br /> <br /> While on vacation in California, our heroine is drawn to the mystery of a Hollywood. actress who was the victim of crime; suddenly she is "visited" by her ghost and this triggers a series of events that can solve the mystery or result in something terrible for herself. What makes the movie a lot of fun is the little details, as she discovers that her usual world is nothing compared to the California scene, and this is well presented, without resorting to unnecessary vulgar language or anything graphically or overtly sexual. Eventually, the director has enough control to make everything very palatable for all types of audiences, from the young to the adult in the audience. It's a film that deserves to be seen, appreciated and appreciated, a rare and delicate film, and not afraid to be classified as entertaining! Five stars
