Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs to so many of the leading French filmmakers of today, to the great strangers whose films are hard to find and are not released on international DVDs. Since we have a good old video store in Tucson, I had a chance to watch this 3 1/2 hour marathon masterpiece that is not annoying for ten seconds. One of the most controversial films ever discussed, let me say that the endless dialogues, originally typical of the beginning of Jacques' "Nouvelle Vague" Rivette or Alain Resnais, seem almost ridiculous in this movie. The dialogues are basically monologues, especially the longer ones spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of the speeches of two people are almost nil. Léaud, or his character, Alexander, likes to tell more about himself than about the topics he apparently speaks. Therefore, it is hardly possible to speak of communication in this film. It is quite possible that the director had a gigantic satire in mind against the unfolding of the political and sociological ideas once so warmly discussed, but the kind of man that Alexander exists at all times, we find him already in Petron's "Satiricon", which The work has, in fact, great resemblance to "The mother and the prostitute". <br /> <br /> Alexander does nothing, but he has developed his own kind of metaphysics about the absence of action, at least acting in the sense of responsibility towards the society whose part he is. He mocks the people who run to work at 7 o'clock in the morning when he is just busy taking his last drink before going to bed in the apartment of one of his girlfriends, whose money he lives on. He is unable to speak a phrase without quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre who is shown quickly in the French intellectual coffee "Aux Deux Magots" where Alexander is also sitting all day, should serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexander and his colleagues because they suffer existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. However, Alexander's intellectual speeches appear to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the phrases and jokes he cites seem to come from more than one dictionary of quotations than from his actual reading of the respective books. <br /> <br /> It's true: This film requires extremely broad European knowledge, especially knowledge of French existentialist philosophy and its consequences for the movement of 68 revolutionary students, but if you have this knowledge then you will enjoy 215 minutes of his life looking amazed at the movie. TV and crying with laughter as you probably have not done it in a long time.
