Is Jake Speed ​​a movie that does not have a thing? a charismatic leadership. Unfortunately this is something that really smears the whole movie and it's a shame because deep down it's a nice action movie with a witty script and an interesting premise if derived. Although the genesis can probably be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the film actually plays a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone', though in reverse. Not an author of romantic adventure fiction being driven into an adventure by a character very similar to one of his creations, is an adventure fiction character (who goes on to tell his own adventures) leading an ordinary woman in one of his adventures . When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by Karin Kopins) gets involved with Polish hero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and her sidekick Dennis (Dennis Christopher) to be real and very flawed individuals in an adventure that takes them to the heart of an African state devastated by civil war, and finally to the clutches of two brothers, the deliciously evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculously brother Maurice (Roy London). Is this the plot? is not labyrinthine and is not complicated, but the story that counts does not require great depth. <br /> <br /> The action sequences are appealing to start with and it is certainly true that the heroic trio is tested (whether stuck in battles between government and rebel forces or being thrown into a pit full of lions) and certainly there are some pretty funny lines. However, the film seems to find it difficult to find an ending and unfortunately the action sequences that are quite attractive to begin with get nowhere and finally become a bit bland and tiresome. This, however, may not have been a problem if you could enjoy Jake Speed, but due to Wayne Crawford's performance, it's harder to really care what happens. Now I do not know if he was stretching a bit, since he was also the producer and screenwriter of the movie or if he just is not a good actor (as I have not seen him in much more), but he never really convinces as a mixes Malandra from Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> This is a shame because most of the other characters play their roles well ?? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and her character shares some pranks with Jake (unfortunately this never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect as the archetypal helper and John Hurt plays the role with relish camp? almost as if he were in a 60's episode of Batman. He walks over his few scenes that growl in a ridiculous cockney accent, presenting a performance that almost belongs to another movie. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's enemy of several of his previous adventures / books), but he is always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries to channel the same spirit of the movie B fun as 'Night of the Comet' (a film produced by Crawford a few years earlier) and almost succeeds but misses ?? which is a shame because Jake would have been good to watch on some more adventures and may have been better served by a TV series. <br /> <br /> I would recommend this out of curiosity, but it ultimately leaves a bitter taste because most of the elements were there to do something genuinely good.
