Comedies usually have the unfortunate reputation of having real shallow depth. Arms and the Man, proves that this notion is false. Shaw's play is full of comic drama, combining an entertaining plot with a true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a romantic comedy of success and something unique. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in a war; her fiance and her father are both military officers. She is shocked, one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier. She rescues him, knowing that she will have to keep the incident secret from her family forever, and the soldier eventually leaves. Of course, once the war is over, the soldier returns, forcing each of the primary characters to reevaluate their values ​​and their relationships. <br /> <br /> It is quite interesting how Shaw divides the meaning into the standard comic plot. . Shaw can comment on class constructions, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, it does so with shaviana intelligence and within a satisfying plot. There is much here to think that I think a lot of things can be lost in a single view. Arms and the Man is an excellent comedy theater and is definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is a fun and thought-provoking film that holds its relevance to this day, more than a century after it was conceived for the first time. Shaw mocks popular theories of war and love and combines a military satire with a tease about love and family structure. The piece has brilliant humor, floating humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschli's statement to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I need it and I am very happy to leave him when I do not need it. You are only an amateur, you think fighting is fun" . In fact, as the son of a Swiss hotelier, Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in the war, and it is in that absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic sentiments. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and the military on both sides of the fight and in the end shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and sarcasm used for the common notions of life is entangled with a gentle assurance from the movement of history to a fairy tale ending. The end where all the characters become happy and the lovers change and the changes of love are what underlies the essence of this drama like a comedy. This is a film that upholds its image of having a universal appeal and is still appropriate today as the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and Man" must maintain its relevance as long as there is love and war.
