Ironically, for a piece that was unavailable in film or video for so long, ARMS AND THE MAN remained quite available on stage over the years since its debut in 1894 - largely because it has aged as well as a solid satire about nature. of heroism and the business of war. Whenever the world comes into conflict, ARMS AND MAN seem to fly as always more timely and relevant. <br /> <br /> This is the piece that Oscar Strauss converted (leaving aside most of Shaw's best ideas) in the successful operetta. THE CHOCOLATE SOLDIER (when Hollywood got * they * left out the last vestiges of Shaw instead of paying him for the rights - he was already, at the time, an Oscar winner in his own right). While the best of Shaw has always been his ideas and his dialogue, instead of his naked plots, in ARMS AND MEN, the plot also shines and the master runs happy endings for all involved. <br /> <br /> Young Raina (Helena Bonham Carter), the daughter of an officer and the richest man in her town, is promised to a Bulgarian cavalry officer and everything looks good until a Swiss mercenary (Pip Torrens) on the other side rises his sewer pipe fleeing the battle where his army was defeated. As usual in Shaw's satire, nothing is as it first appears and social conventions are placed in their heads in the light of the simple - and not so simple reason. There are no "good guys" or "bad guys," just people from a variety of classes making the most of their skills - just as life is only better - and, of course, with Shaw, wit is meticulously perfected by everyone involved. (Shaw's own script) of Shaw's more traditional and funny stage satire, and one of its first to make a real success on this side of the Atlantic, has long been time is among the missing. Shaw did not sell the screen rights to his plays - he only licensed them for 5-year periods, and it seems that with the rapidly evolving sound technology making 1932 films look primitive only a few years later, Shaw did not renew the license to show that . Consequently, we are immensely indebted to the BBC for finally releasing its 1987 broadcast version on a DVD with nine other glittering pieces. (Unfortunately, PYGMALION, which many see as the best of Shaw, does less well on this set in a production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) <br /> <br /> Even paired, as it is on your DVD, with the least impressive, A MAN OF DESTINY, WEAPONS AND MAN makes a real treasure. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter continued, after cutting her teeth in televised papers like this, for a major film career. This will bring many viewers to this initial role. They should not be disappointed, as Carter makes a presentation according to the level of innocence that audiences expect of her, but under the somewhat pedestrian direction of James Cellan Jones (and despite the BBC's uniformly beautiful and well-watched physical production), the mischievous fire of paper (and its indignation at being underestimated in the last act) is deposited at only 80 percent of its potential. The same can be said of the real star of the play, Pip Torrens, as Bluntschli, the "Switzer". It is a good and attractive performance, but does not admit the physical comedy implied in the initial scene, where the young soldier barely manages to stay awake despite its mortal danger. <br /> <br /> These reserves, though, are a solid production of a wonderful piece transferred to the small screen with ease. He deserves to be seen extensively, and ideally to bring about a big-screen remake even more vivid with the style and excitement of Wilde's recent remake of An Ideal Marvel. Virtually * any * ARMS AND THE MAN must be valued and, with great luck, we may even be able to see the original version of 1932. Up to one surface or another, this production will please anyone who loves good Shaw.
