Doyle never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in THE ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEM. However, financial considerations made him willing (in 1901) to write THE THIRD OF THE BASKERVILLES, which is still considered his best novel of Holmes and possibly his best novel. But it was a "memoir" of the great detective, written before his death. Only a great outcry from his audience led Doyle to completely resurrect Holmes in THE EMPTY HOUSE ADVENTURE, published in 1905. It is not that the new tales (and the last novel) are really bad. . Maybe three of the stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very readable. Several of the latter (such as THE LONELY CYCLIST'S ADVENTURE) are actually very good. But the inequality of production (especially after the stories in HIS LAST BOW (1917)) becomes more and more evident. He repeats the plots of the past and shows really negative aspects of Holmes. In History THE ADVENTURE OF THE THREE GABLES Holmes shows a sarcastic sarcasm of a character of African descent. <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMING: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON'S ADVENTURE deals with Holmes trying to retrieve compromising letters from Milverton, a highly successful blackmailer. It is an interesting example of how Doyle could make a highly readable story with a minimum of plot as there is little real detective work in the tale. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton to buy the cards, but to get them back no matter what! Milverton is not only unwilling to consider a smaller amount for the newspapers, but is prepared to protect himself from Holmes by attempting a search of his person. Later we learned that Holmes entered Milverton's house by dating a maid while he was in disguise. In the end, Holmes goes with Watson to break into Milverton's house. He and Watson are in the house when they discover that Milverton is waiting for some new business in his office (someone with information that Milverton can use). Hiding with care, Holmes and Watson watch as a woman enters, who ends up being a victim of collateral damage from Milverton's past activities, and shoots the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson are able to set fire to Milverton's collection of compromising documents before they flee the house and later discover for themselves the identity of the woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not find out who the two mysterious men are seen running from the Milverton house, and they are so disgusted with Milverton's activities (they were never able to bring anything home against him) that it is obvious that the murder never be solved. <br /> <br /> The tale is not one of the fascinating with the actual detective work involved as the band's adventure SPECKLED or SILVER BLAZE. It's a tale of humor and late action - the question will be Holmes and Watson get the papers or will they be captured by Milverton? It is not one of the best stories, but it is in most tales as being very well told and interesting. <br /> <br /> At the time, he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had an experience with the cop in relation to his activities, sometimes as a highly respected amateur detective / crusader. An artist was found murdered in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began to write his views on how the murder was committed. So he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard that the murder was not discovered. The victim had been homosexual, and the police were sure that a lover's spit was terribly wrong. Because of the Victim's family (that was in 1905), Doyle lost interest in the case. So he was aware that sometimes the British police behaved in moderation on matters that did not seem to justify their investigation - such as Lestrade's restraint for whoever killed the Milverton villain in history. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story that could have been told in the normal long version of the series. But the teleplay of THE MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the horrible dilemma faced by the victims of Milverton (Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young officer from the aristocratic army kill himself in front of a homosexual exhibition because of Milverton's extravagant demands, all early in the teleplay. And they are not just homosexuals. Well-respected men and women in heterosexual marriages could be unmasked by discovering illegitimate children or past indiscretions. In fact, in history, the woman who kills Milverton is avenging the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the blackmailer. Milverton is well touched by his most poisonous boredom of good actor Robert Hardy, who even when confronted with the unexpected fury that he unleashed is utterly imperturbable (he looks like he's going to have the furious woman out of his home in a moment). Brett and Hardwicke do very well in their roles in Holmes and Watson, as one would expect. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of character by rumor or innuendo in 1905? In 1898, one of the heroes of the various imperial wars and the leader of the last victorious onslaught in the battle of Omdurman, who destroyed the Mahdist army (see FOUR PENAS) was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly unexpectedly resigned. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in a hotel while waiting for some sort of audience. Later, it was discovered that "Fighting Mac", often considered the most popular army commander in Britain, was caught having to sleep with the native boys. Milverton would have eaten him very quickly ... or his real-life counterparts would have.
