'Renaissance (2006)' was created over a period of six years, co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the UK at a cost of about 14 million. The end result is an impressive comic-style animation achievement, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with Sin City (2005), but this movie employed motion capture with live actors to translate their faces and movements a fully animated format. Presented in black and white, the film seems to have been taken from the very pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris appears menacingly above us. Directed by French filmmaker Christian Volckman, in his debut feature, "Renaissance" is significantly inspired by other films of the genre of science fiction, and the tech-noir plot is not something we have never seen before, but, from a point of view Technical view, is flawless. <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a ruined metropolis filled with dark alleys and deserted paths, the recent installation of modern technology, offering only a thin mask for the pitiful degradation of dark buildings. The city's largest corporation, Avalon, has achieved wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is continually striving to devise greater means to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (dubbed by Romola Garai in the English version, which I watched), a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously abducted on her return from work, so it is up to the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) to discover his current whereabouts. Possibly holding the key to the woman's disappearance is Bennis (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's eldest sister, whose reliability is in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the devoted doctor who adored Ilona as his own daughter. <br /> <br /> The mysterious, dimly lit city of Paris is reminiscent of Ridley Scott's Blade Runner (1982), and some of the technology seems to have been loaned by Tom Cruise in Minority Report (2002). {which was coincidentally also fixed in the year 2054}. However, despite this familiarity, Volckman has created an exciting world for his characters to inhabit. Combining classic cinema-noir and science fiction, the result is an attractive collage of hard lighting and dark shadows, which, I must warn, sometimes becomes difficult in the eyes of the viewer. The dialogue is a bit banal at times, and the story, though engaging, offers nothing surprisingly original (except in the end, which I found to be a bold change in the usual formula}, but "Renaissance" intends to work better as a visual treatment, and to be successful in this aspect can not be denied.
