Scoring the opening credits sequence is a dark man having a strange, very real nightmare. Approaching her Paris 2054 dystopian, the film begins to follow a woman in a dirty club, where she and a Slav waiter gather on the deck. They shout at each other in the sense that she owes him more money, though he believes he paid for it. Another woman obstructs the outbreak of violence, only to have a bitter fight with the woman herself. The initial woman runs off and she is kidnapped. Christian Volckman's Renaissance seems to be another on an assembly line of recent sci-fi noir images animated by motion capture, but despite being essentially true or not, it tells a neatly organized and classically revealing detective story that keeps us going in the dark in his early minutes, even as he introduced Karas, the tough cop we recognized from the beginning as the man who awakens from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> The rudiments of the classic film noir are all found without any anachronistic changes, for all intents and purposes. It is in the hardness of his monochrome that the French thriller of Volckman did not follow any example. For the animators of the film, free from the challenges of physical illumination that would normally be faced, were able to begin with a totally black picture and to tune the absolute white according to the action on the screen. While they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the distinction between black and white here is complete, even without the least shades of gray to match the less defined moral codes of the characters, and the result is a vision harsh and critical of the direction in which commercial civilization is going, sporadically driven to suffer the most radiant and relentless enlightenment. It is the artistic study of film noir taken to its visual limit of its philosophy, and nothing before had shared the same execution of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this decent cybernetic movie look so if they had come out of a gothic comic book with black ink, but all together their physical responses, their movements and the nuances of their facial expressions appear in a clear humanity. Typically, films that experience new developments in animation allow their technical advances to outperform all other facets of production. Sin City, for example, left the substance and good general adaptation of the canvas of its source material to be desired. <br /> <br /> It may not be mind-boggling, it may have its narrative conventions and its voice simply be adequate, but the Renaissance, made for $ 19 million over six years, not only looks like a real noir, but also is not secondary to all visual innovation, which is played as if it were incidental. It lets itself think not so much how cool it is when Karas is fleeing bullets crossed by a Parisian street full of glass, but more in his pondering on life and death, as the tragedies of life, like death, make life significant.
