Every second of the movie is beautiful. And that's why I get a 7, because the plot is not especially dishonest, and thinking about the last 90 minutes I've never felt any excitement or investment in the characters. In fact, the luxury graphics and frames have made certain scenes (the pursuit of cars, for example) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they did not look beautiful and had a very original design and occasionally new camera angles - but they are missing kinetic movement and close-up photos that are part of the language for any normal action / thriller. The first hour advances, and the dialogue seems very edited and a bit staged - people wait for each other to finish and do not always react in a natural cadence, which would be a problem of recording the dialogue of each individual separately. On rare occasions, emotions in voices do not match with those on the screen; something that really should have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (many walls / glass ceilings / screens, lovely smoke / mirage / special effects) and beautiful cars, but again - it's more of a graphic design exercise, having no real impact on the story. I would say that the purpose of using drawn animation (rather than actors / CGI) is really pushing the boundaries of imagination and design; do what is very difficult / impractical in other ways. Although the animation at the Renaissance was certainly impressive and incredibly well done, I never felt like I was seeing something that had not been done before. Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty about history and rhythm. To be fair, some wonderful, engaging French films also have a languid rhythm, and prolonged glances at someone's eyes or the rain on the cobblestones of Paris can evoke great emotion - but animators need to understand that while animation brings unique forces , also has weaknesses when compared to the real-life technique. Maybe it was breaking the noir rules that the film wants to follow, but I think the filmmakers also missed a glaring opportunity to further explore their future society - social strata, corporate fascination, and so on. <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anyone who likes stylistic design and / or animation (the 'Manga' fans in particular), but I would not make my other amateur movie friends pass therefore. Take off the sumptuous looks and it's an almost mid-movie.
