I am happy to say almost nothing but positive things about the film with Karas and the Tasuiev sisters, RENASCENCE. <br /> <br /> And in the first place, it seems that it should seem; RENAISSANCE is the story of the investigation of a police officer in search of a missing young scientist? Ilona Tasuiev, geneticist and researcher at Avalon. <br /> <br /> The tale of Karas, Ilona and Bislane is, although much less known than SIN CITY, the best film, and the most appreciated by the connoisseurs. For French comic fans, it will be even more significant (I enriched my collection of French comics last week, although I'm not that interested in dating). The atmosphere, the music, the characters, their lines, the plot are all pleasant and charming. A Parisian police officer, Karas, is shown to find a young woman who was a rising star in medical medical research, Ilona Tasuiev, a slightly sexy blonde whose rebellious sister Bislane was erotically preferable, I think. For me, an old comic book fan and TV series, RENAISSANCE, a wonderful and wonderful drawing, was like a replay of an episode WILD WILD WEST ?, a mythological past replaced by an equally mythological future ? and blase, but in a sense, so touching. RENAISSANCE is not suspenseful; nor does it seem particularly well-paced; but it is seductive and hypnotic. In addition, he manages to sketch, albeit briefly, a world, a real world - and let's think about Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, the Tasuiev sisters, and Goran, Farfella and Karas telling their distant childhood in Kasbah ?? . I liked the feeling of RENAISSANCE, of a certain kindness, affability and adventure, and also of the professional and safe look; Among these new drawings, this and Linklater's adaptation to Dick (Dick's one and only adaptation of all time) stood out to me as works of beauty and genuine excitement. <br /> <br /> I thought that the futuristic devices were appropriate and, when unconventional, vividly sinister (like invisibility fantasies). As is advisable, the characters have exotic names such as Bislane and Farfella, mainly reunited in the world of arts and entertainment (Goran and Ilona). and Naghib ??). <br /> <br /> Does anyone seem to notice that the RENAISSANCE poster has a Rourke look? This guy is Marv; which does not make it a copy of the SIN CITY, but it is not a model of originality either, and there are actually more similarities to Miller's tale - that is, the somber futuristic visual of a decadent society, the hero's hubbub . (in fact, a cross of Willis' character and Rourke persona in the previous movie ??), on the other hand, this cartoon breathes a more public air, a direct adventure edge and, in a word, it's like SIN CITY to children, well, naughty children, I mean, because there is a bit of nudity on display. To what I have said, one could retort that the traits mentioned are characteristic, even as clichés and commonplace of the futuristic appearance of the most adult comics; It's true, and it was old Miller who brought these things on screen and RENAISSANCE has some similarities here and there. Now it is also right that every RING should have its ERAGORN, then for every sinful city, its rebirth. I admit to being partial to these somber futuristic tales, an undemanding specialty.
