Imagine the classic lines of noir stories infused with black and white hyper-stylized Frank Miller Sin City visuals. So imagine a dystopian science fiction thriller, like Steven Spielberg's Minority Report, or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. A merger of the above would be an appropriate way of describing the somber and atmospheric vision of visionary French director Christian Volckman about the future in his film debut. But while Volckman's work unquestionably makes reference to the above-mentioned films and to those similar to them, such a simplistic hybrid does not make the Renaissance, Volckman's end result, justice - the film itself is a much more complex work than that . Gender hybridism is often a success, especially in a contemporary context, with the good of individuality looking increasingly exhausted. As such, the Renaissance is praiseworthy as a cinematic experiment at the very least, with its unique interweaving of the sandy nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian science fiction drama that serves to complement each other's story. conventions in an oddly appropriate way. The screenplay is clever and intriguing (although we have the feeling that many of the lines in the script would have been much more effective in its original French translation than in English - the title of the film also becomes much more moving) public all the way. While many plot elements seem familiar enough to those who frequent such science fiction thrillers, the script takes unexpected twists and turns at exactly the right moment to keep the viewer on tiptoe, which contributes to a really compelling job. Volckman's film stands out in its visual component, and the stunning black-and-white animation is easily the highlight of the film - superbly temperamental and elegant - shows the tremendous aesthetic effect that the simple use of two tones can have. With tremendous details paid to the composition and appearance of each shot, and excellent use of very noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from a comic book by Frank Miller, but with a twist, the end result being consistently visually sumptuous. <br /> <br /> The English version of the film also gets more credit for its wide variety of voice cast. Daniel Craig's husky voice is an absolutely perfect cast for the harsh and stoic police officer Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose disappearance he is investigating. Despite a hesitant English accent, Romola Garai does a great job as the frenetic sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce is suitably menacing as the somber head of the mega-company Avalon. Ian Holm's squeaky voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm impresses heavily on his brief scenes. <br /> <br /> All together, Renaissance has a visually stunning, unique and appealing futuristic thriller as well as clever as it's fun. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent such a fare and the occasional faint line may inhibit the film from being the temperamental masterpiece it has set out to be, superb animation itself easily carries the film through its occasional scruples. For fans of any of the intertwined genres of the movie or the gritty graphic novels of Frank Miller, or those willing to enjoy a slightly conventional view of the futuristic thriller, the film is undoubtedly worth a watch. <br /> - 8/10
