One of the reasons Pixar endured so well and was so successful is that although his films remain technical marvels and visual mosaics, they have a story that fits his style. And often very moving style in that: affecting, charming and multi-generational. That much Anime (broadly speaking) and many other animations fail to combine their technical virtuosity with real substance is, I think (and I may be wrong) partly because either the creators are not bothered with character and plot and focus too much on sound and image, or the simple effort to make some animations is so huge, so boring that they do not have the energy to create a really engaging story. <br /> <br /> can not be said of the Renaissance. There are flaws in your plot, but I'll get to that later. These same flaws, however, are not reflected in the visuals - the Renaissance is far from impressive. Ultra-high contrast images (sometimes so high contrast that nothing is more than a face or a visible light beam) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to see. The futuristic Paris on display is the shadowy progeny of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, dark, rather rich and even clean but wrapped in intrigue, corporate mischief, obsessed with beauty (the capital of the catwalk, after all) and disguising the misery and neglect of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental architecture and sophisticated. <br /> It's an attractive environment, not totally original, but great anyway. The film's so-called "motion-capture" technology and the incredible attention to human minutiae and design result in images that a black-and-white photographer would die. Not that detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman makes some superb sequences of action: careful pursuit, some horrible (imaginative) murders, several fights in the dark, and an unpleasant dirt in a gloomy apartment. . The sites are great too (I want to visit the nightclub). While the central character of Karas is his independent shelf cop, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the movie's real engines. Coming from war-torn, diaspora-struggling Eastern Europe and a family dispute, they are a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film is tremendously atmospheric, its fake and vertiginous false -camera moves and adult tone making for a very engaging experience. However, the plot ... Never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which tireless tireless Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev, a beautiful and pioneering scientist, after being raptured from the street. The sinister corporation Avalon (ANY company was never sinister?), For which it worked on "classified" projects, his designs are determined to recover it, and soon Karas reaches the neck in official reprimands, corpses, cigarettes. smoked and barely missed the bullets, and fell in love with Ilona's sister, Bislane (very well expressed by Catherine McCormack), as he dives into the depths of the city's sordid womb (and his own past). <br /> <br /> Text -book noir, in other words, but while I liked the film much more than Sin City (for which it has a visual similarity), the plot and resolution are dull, the subject of immortality being lifted, but never examined, and the delusions of Dell CEO Paul Dellenbach are also boring, undermining the dramatic tension. The basic ideas are familiar sci-fi genre materials, and there is an uncomfortable feeling that the visual and the atmosphere are disguising the mundane stuff. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent, even if some of the scenarios in which the characters enter occasionally seem like excuses for technical witchcraft exhibitions. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from scratch that makes this film something to be seen. I may be taking this very seriously, and if that is the case, I can at least say that it is superbly done, extremely fun (and very mature too), and with an environment like no other.
