It is totally useless to evaluate this movie. It is as if you condemn (or praise) the newborn for your future life. Instead, look at it as a powerful meditation on what might have been and what has been in the last 100 years. One hundred and eight years of cinematography: what happened to the baby? I like to contemplate what would have (creatively) happened had Europe not been interrupted (devastated) twice by the great wars of the twentieth century. On top of it, ruins of the fake neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus called Hollywood were erected. Before 1914, French, Italian and Scandinavian theaters led the way, both financially and, of course, creatively. French cinema in particular was already introducing some very original and creative ways that could have (if not interrupted) possibly altered the history of the medium in ways unimaginable. One wonders what the history of cinema would be like today if it had not been dumbfounded and suffocated by the cheap and mercantile political agenda of Hollywood's over 80 years, what Chekhov could define as the smell of greed and prostitution ... Be that as it might, at least, take note of La Sortie as the key (or at least one of them) to the "Kingdom." Thus, the birthplace of Cinema: Lumière Brothers Factory, Lyon, France The date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a replica of filming in the summer of 1895, if you notice the summer lights and lighter clothes of the workers: * Louis Lumiere: creative ideas, cinematography, direction, was all Louis's domain, because Auguste took care of the rest (money) * The first rolls of film were fifty seconds long: the cameraman and the cinematographer having only fifty seconds to make things happen! Apparently, the Le Institute Lumiere has managed to preserve about 1500 of these early films mainly performed by a diligent brigade of Loumiere's traveling cinematographers. across the globe. *** So, all the stars in starry skies and a minute's silence for perhaps the most magical invention of human history (so far).
