The story goes that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered at the Indien Du Grand Café in Paris to witness the Cinématographe, a supposed new invention that resulted from the work of two photographers named August and Louis Lumière. The small audience gathered that day (some on invitation, more due to curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photograph appeared projected on a screen, most thought that the Cinématographe was just another legacy to present slide projections -show. Until the picture starts to move. What those thirty-three people experienced on the cold December day was the first public display of a moving image being projected onto a screen; the story was being written and the cinema as we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> From the 10 short films that were shown during that historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Leaving the Lumière Factory") was the first to be screened. of the Lumière factory as they walk through the factory gates, leaving the building at the end of a hard day's work. As a very basic contemporary film (film depicting a real event), the film surprised everyone in the audience, as their concept of moving images was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" machines (the Kinetoscope), the brothers' invention. It was like nothing they had seen before and so the audience was amazed as people and horses moved through the The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince filmed the first film as early as 1888), but the way the film was shown was simply revolutionary. "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" would be the first film in the long series of "f ilmes of actuality "that the Lumière would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was the brothers' favorite type of film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the uses that the Cinématographe could have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first screening, the Cinématographe became a big hit and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became an iconic image of that first performance. It was definitely not the first movie the brothers recorded that year, and it probably was not the best of the 10 films shown that day (personally I think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was the best of the 10); however, it is really significant that the first movie was the opening of a couple of gates, as literally, this movie opened the gates to the movies as we know it. 8/10
