All films made before 1912 really need to be seen with a sense of time and place. In 1894, the men of the Lumiere family [father: Antoine (1840-1911), sons: Auguste and Louis] owned and managed a factory that produced plates and photographic papers. It is not a small business; the factory had more than 200 employees who received social security and social security benefits - innovators for the time. It was located in Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon, France. What made Louis Lumière interested in the creation of a cinematograph in 1894 remains open to speculation. My suggestion is that the appearance of the Kinetoscope of the Edison organization in Paris in the fall of 1894 provided the catalyst. Dickson, of Edison's team, invented a vertical piano-sized film camera that was patented in February 1893. It was electrically operated (using energy from heavy storage batteries.) This massive machine pumped celluloid film strip to Eastman Company ) went through a lens of about 40 frames per second (fps). It was sheltered, like an almost motionless object, in the "Black Maria" (essentially the first film studio). The Kinetescope machines showed staged presentations (less than a minute long) that were filmed in this studio. <br /> <br /> During 1894, Louis Lumiere dedicated himself to the task of inventing a movie camera. He had determined that even at 16 fps of celluloid film, persistence of human eye / brain vision would allow normal movement to be perceived. His camera, nicknamed Cinematograph, was the size of a large shoe box and was fitted with a detachable film magazine that provided enough film storage to shoot last, about a minute, when it was put on the lens at 16 fps. The lightweight size and weight of the camera (it can be converted into a printer or projector by adding a light source) made it portable enough so that it could be taken anywhere to record an event ( provided sufficient sunlight was available). In the spring of 1895, Louis filmed: horseback rides by some horsemen; a burning house with firefighters arriving and flooding the building with water; and a number of other scenes in and around Lyon. Using a Molteni lamp, he turned the camera into a projector and presented his films to scientists gathered in the reception room of the Revue Generales des Science. The images were projected onto a screen five feet away from the lens. The screen was stretched in an entrance between two rooms. At a meeting of professional photographers in the same year, Louis photographed the arriving delegates and on the same night showed moving images of his arrival. <br /> <br /> With praise from both the scientific and photographic communities, Louis decided to have a public exposure of his invention by the end of the year. Since each of his films would last one minute, he would need at least a dozen movies to make a good presentation. For one of these films, he set up his camera at the entrance to his factory, photographing the exit of the employees at the time of leaving. <br /> <br /> The public place chosen by Antoine - who volunteered as the "fair speaker". "for the cinematographer - it was the Salon Indien of the Grand Café on the boulevard des Capucines in Paris. It was a winter Saturday night on December 28, 1895. When the first audience sat down, they were presented with a projected view of the exterior of the factory of Lumiere (with closed gates), some were ashamed to see a routine slideshow of Lumiere's photographs, but then the camera / projector crank was turned and the movement began.Louis had an innate sense of making movies. In the beginning, the doors open and people start to leave their place of work, during the middle, people flow out - with many trying to ignore the camera and the cameraman, since they seem happy to leave a day's work behind.In the end, the factory gates are being closed. <br /> <br /> And this was the first film designed for the entertainment of the general public.
