I just got back from the movie theater at dawn and was in fact a silent exit, as most of the audience reflected on the real-life black-and-white images of the partition, the movement of freedom, etc., which was very life-like . 'our ancestors braved! In the midst of this scenario, remember, there was no tel / fax / internet in those times, but by the very voice of Truth and Nonviolence, cinematography infused a spirit of harsh reality of adversity amid the strict Raj. Gandhi was shown as a hardworking lawyer in South Africa who defended his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread his conscience with humility and holiness which for the pronounced speech of General Smut was shown as a good farewell on screen. He had the best speech crafted with a subtle humor and a veiled threat to the British raj in India! There was a pleasant commentary when he said that we pray in silence to the British in India, now that Gandhi, the politician is set for India (for holiness). <br /> <br /> The background of a large family with many children needs the mention of an obvious divided attention and love that had to cast its spell on the psyche of the unhappy child who was left alone to aspire to unrealistic ambitions . Little Harilal knew about his aptitude and he gets emotionally charged with small pleasures in life and fails in front of his father's huge idol. He tries to fend off the mentor-ship that is the basis of any success that had to be seen by those fortunate. neighbors in the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal exposes her frustration to the public. This means that he becomes mentally weak and becomes psychologically disturbed to the point of being forced to religious conversions and alcoholism, with debt and disobedience feeding his negative thoughts. He had even shown sincere love for his mother through delicate scenes, and even Gandhi's humble expressions forming Harilal to forgive him found no conclusion in his mind, for he always feared Father Gandhi. <br /> He could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he expected and was led into rebellion when he could not understand the merit-based delivery of money from his father's scholarship to his cousin, where he saw a failed opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> This had to charge its toll thrown into the streets as a beggar when all of India was celebrating Independence! The life of a homeless never changes come as it may, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba & Gandhi is shown brings an emotional silence. Finally, the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as a flashback to keep the public agitated and wondering where does the nation's father go wrong? he was clever enough to be mentally strong to lead an army of a man and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show British and rival forces that when it comes to the nation's interest there is nothing between the two. though to read the heart of a Mahatma one must live outside his family and see which emotionally naive harilal he could not see living in the house ... It is a pity that such naive harlots are still ruining the efforts. From many Mahatma parents in many families in today's life and have dedicated themselves to drugs, to alcoholism and God knows what thoughts !! Here is a message for all those brave sainik (soldiers) - children, please respect the father of the nation! and happiness will be granted or else it is a disaster to wait, is not it?
