It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to do Gandhi (1982) - he was just narrating the story of a great individual who has walked this planet not long ago. Comparatively, it must have been much harder for director Feroz Abbas Khan to make his filmmaker debut to make Gandhi my father by putting a wrinkled anti-hero against an international hero, both historically real individuals, and ironically father and son. . The events in the movie are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world to follow. However, those same patterns overshadowed the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to be a lawyer renowned as his father, to complete his education and get a job in India and thus provide income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The film does not strip Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than the aspirations of his family. He loved and cared for his family, though his thoughts of appeasement were blocked by his ideal of caring for the masses. He advocated equality and dignity among all people and, in his view, giving special undue advantages to his own son, who neglected other deserving persons, was contrary to what he preached. The film examines an unusual case of parenting, in which an idealistic parent puts backstops for a less than brilliant descendant. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that has happened. A son marries his childhood girlfriend, disturbing his father. The father disturbs his son's educational aspirations at several important times. The fragile bond between a dedicated son and a father breaks down, as the son wants to stand and look after his nuclear family. As the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the child stumbles into a valiant quest for identity and survival. Their marriage breaks down and seeks solace in religion, beating between Islam and Hinduism. Through all her tribulations, her bond with her mother remains, until she rebukes him for being drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a parts director making his foray into the cinema. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma Vs. Gandhi who had a considerable impact on the Indian theater community. The play and the ensuing film were based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and the other by Nilamben Parekh. The success of the play was an obvious reason for Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this remarkable film. Every time a good parts director tries to direct the cinema, there is evidence of lack of trust in the medium. Peter Brook is a great parts director, but less competent as a film director. The opening scenes of Khan's movie promise a grand cinema - an abandoned Harilal Gandhi is taken to Sion Hospital in Mumbai, only mumbling that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), the father of a whole nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying in poverty and loneliness. In addition to the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately only features a great story and some excellent exterior images of father and son meditating silhouetted. For an Indian film, it features some high-producing qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest in details (most Indian clothes in the film look like modern, dust-free, freshly washed hairstyles, and even Shefali Shetty playing Mohandas Gandhi a century ago with plucked eyebrows), the ruin of Indian cinema. As Feroz Khan is a theatrical personality, he invested much more in working with the actors in the development of the characters than in cinematographic details, something like Sir Attenborough, another person that also is product of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). Knowing very well that criticizing Gandhi anyway was asking for trouble, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to put posters of the film in accessible heights in India, fearing that someone could tear the poster or intentionally disrespect it or not. <br /> <br /> With all its mixture of grandeur and flaws, Gandhi, my father raises several questions for the viewer. Is it a stronger mother-child bond than a parent-child bond in parenthood? Is the immediate family less important than humanity in general? Does anyone seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when worldly problems are encountered? In this film, Harilal floundered by adversity runs from one religion to another while his father quotes the scriptures "Forgive them because they do not know what they do," when beaten and thrown to the ground by a South African police officer, convinced of the value of religion . and persuade others as well. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival by Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian Critics Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor dealt very well with a delicate subject and brought above-average performances to the set of actors. I hope the international success of the movie paves the way for some capable filmmaker to film another brilliant Indian game, Tughlaq, by Girish Karnad, sometime meeting international quality standards.
