Tales of the Crypt: And all over the house begins on Christmas Eve, when Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), she drags her body out, but in doing so, misses an important news bulletin at radio station that says a homicidal maniac (Larry Drake) dressed as Santa Claus has escaped from a local mental asylum and has killed several women with Elizabeth next to his list, but she has other ideas and tries to turn the seemingly dangerous situation to her advantage. .. The story of Tales from the Crypt was episode 2 of Season 1, directed by Robert Zemeckis, executive producer of the show, and All Through the House is a decent enough watch. Fred Dekker's screenplay was based on a story that appeared in the comic book "The Vault of Horror," and was originally adapted to film as an episode of Britsih's prequel horror film, Tales from the Crypt (1972) starring Joan Collins as the killer. character wife here played by Ellen Trainor. This particular version is good enough but does nothing different or special and is somewhat linear and predictable to be considered a classic. With only 25 minutes in duration, it certainly moves at a good pace, the story is just macabre enough and generally offers decent entertainment and I quite enjoyed the pessimistic ending. This time around, there are Christmas themes, opening and closing, Crypt Keeper (John Kassir), complete segments with the usual puns. <br /> <br /> Director Zemeckis does a good job and there is a nice atmosphere in the winter with a touch of Christmas influence as well. . There is not much blood here, someone has a poker stuck to the head, somebody's face is cut with an ice pendant, somebody's arm is cut with an ax and there is blood spatter, but it's not usually that graphic. The performance of a small cast is very good. <br /> <br /> And All Through the House is not the best tale of the crypt, but it's decent, nonetheless, worth watching, but after the comic. and the original 1972 movie version did we really need or even wanted to?
