Gandhi My Father, by Feroz Abbas Khan, a film that sheds light on the fractured relationship between the Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story that is as dramatic as the one this movie tries to tell, it's a shame the director talks dramatically. Gandhi My Father is narrated to you as that boring story class that took you to sleep at school. Now the film is intended to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi, in his attempt to be a righteous person, turned out to be an unfair father. This point is made in the film many times, and one of the examples given to make this point is that scholarship to England, which Gandhi denies twice his son. Instead of showing us how exactly Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what was going on in her head, the director just moves along with the story, thus never letting us be witnesses to the growing resentment that Harilal feels toward his father. That's why when we finally see an explosion of Harilal, it seems he's exaggerating. <br /> <br /> The point I am trying to make here is that we never understand exactly why Harilal became the rebel he did. We never really understood why he turned to Islam and then went back to Hinduism. The fact is we never understand Harilal. And that's why the director of this movie is very busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom, a story that most of us already know. In other words, Gandhi My Father promises to examine the tense relationship between father and son, but does not show us where the gaps in that relationship have settled. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being the father of Gandhi. son, but show us why this was a burden to begin with. Show us incidents of your initial conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi simply says he opposes Harilal's premature marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the way his son left - by constantly taking him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa to make him move every time Gandhi needed to move. Words are not enough, they show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. Moreover, instead of sticking to the thorny theme of this tenuous relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film explodes on many tangents, thus diluting the impact of the central theme. This has never been a movie about the struggle for independence, and yet on many occasions it is exactly what it seems, because the director feels almost obligated to take us through all the major events that led to that historic moment, has relevance to the film's basic premise - the stormy parent-child relationship. So you see the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie but it sure is a very confusing movie. What happens to the children of Harilal after the death of his wife? Has he ever had a relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after that scene in which we see them with the Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions is answered in a movie that basically purports to be about relationships in the Gandhi family. The film version of an immensely popular piece directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father, is a disappointment, without questions. Cynically, he struggles to translate the ambitious intention of the filmmaker to the screen. Virtually every scene in the movie opens and closes with fade-ins and fade-outs, never approaching each other perfectly. On the positive side, there is inherent nobility in the film, which you recognize. The filmmaker makes every effort to present a balanced narrative, striving not to take sides, never judge father or son, nor painting nor as the villain. What the film does, however, is to make clear the fact that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals may have shaped the nation but have evidently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, it is only Akshaye Khanna who really shines in the role of the devoid of luck Harilal Gandhi. It's a wonderful performance, and it's not easy, since the paper covers pretty much the entire life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare mixture of innocence and discouragement to this part and manages to make Harilal a pitiful figure. Just watch him in the scene where he finds out his wife is dead, and you will realize how much he transmits only through body language. Meanwhile, Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, takes a caricature approach to interpreting the Mahatma in his later years, but it is how he humanizes the man in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa who is the actor's best contribution to this role. . The abundantly talented Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, the woman who should be torn apart in this father-son conflict, but if she is unable to bring this feeling of helplessness, then it is not really so much her fault, because it is the fault of a rickety script. . A lot of effort has been made in this film and this is evident throughout the film, but the film suffers from the inevitable flaw that is eventually what you will remember when leaving the theater - it is very annoying. Gandhi My Father, director Feroz Abbas Khan. is a sincere effort yes, but also a movie that could have done with a much tighter screenplay. What we learned from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal have become very unhappy. And with this film, the director also makes us.
