For a long time, we are watching movies about Gandhi. And above all, the light is always in the portrait of Gandhi as freedom fighter or man with principles. But when I learned that a film is being made that will highlight Gandhi as Father and emphasize his relationship with his Son, he instantly caught my attention because it is a territory that is less explored because it has its own dark side and fewer people. showed the courage to insist on it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with whites and his wife. Last Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a lawyer, but his dream took over when his father (Gandhi) pushed him (or motivated him) to become a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes in practical study rather than formal education. Harilal also tried to walk on the step of his father, but soon failed because his passion for his wife, children and his own dream of becoming a great success changed their way and then began to repulse between father and son. He finally defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and leaving him on his own terms. He wrote back to India, but then began his unsuccessful stories, which become larger and larger over time. I'm leaving the reader to see the movie to pick up one more story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay He gave the best performance of his term thus far and is absolutely convincing in his interpretation as Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reaches the room where his wife's body is placed is one where you can see a good actor who is hidden / developing in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and is able to live such a great character in life. He performed well and quite easily. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proven her metal in TV series. Bhumika chawla also performed well, but the actress of her candidacy is such a waste of that kind of role. Another actor also justifies his performances. <br /> <br /> Technique and makeup is also good and cinematography, especially that color representation of tone Duo was very good. Costume looks and matches with context. <br /> <br /> Overall, a film worthy of being seen is defiantly slow in progress and impatient people may find it boring but give you a glimpse of the area that is not brought to silver screen to date. Moreover, how the progress of the story and the connection of the scene may seem worn to some people and to critics, especially to a movie observer like me, is still enough to leave me occupied in my place to the end.
