I've been waiting for a superhero movie for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among comics classics like "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons like "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in all of them: the ironic comic tone; the courage to point to the heroic of life, at the risk of appearing ridiculous; the not so sure way that these characters can prevail over their opponents. It is the spark of nobility that shoots badly in the midst of the weak and the ordinary, and it is wonderful to see it shine so high and bright here. <br /> <br /> "Mysterious Men" opens at a party in a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the good sense to give more energy and life to the elderly in the scene. So it looks like something George Romero could have invented. We need to get the feeling that these seniors are as sharp as everyone else, or they seem paternalistic. When red eyes break the festivities, you expect Tom Waits, who plays an inventor of weapons with a penchant for ladies in their eighties, to stand up and shout, "Exactly what this party needs - a little excitement!" If writer Neil Cuthbert had any sense, he would have made Waits mix him up with the intruders and urge partygoers to do the same. It would have contributed to an exciting start and a better introduction of the troublesome trio: the Spoonbill (William Macy); the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seems to come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems for "Mysterious Men" than I would like to get into; among them that the villain that Casanova Frankenstein must have cultivated a sense of the absurd like the rest of the people in this movie, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the play; it needs to be right at the top to make the conflict between good and evil be galvanic. And Rush never showed a talent to the other. You expect John Lithgow's mature theatricality in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai," or Paul Freeman's dry and bereft suspicion of "Lost Ark Hunters." Instead, what we achieve is pastiche; something half-cooked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> There are many ideas that go through "Mysterious Men" for someone to tie them perfectly, and that may be your deepest problem. But whatever the kind of confusion, it's the kind of mess I love. Ben Stiller always seemed to be struggling in the roles he takes on. This is no exception, but he goes with so much conviction that you leave feeling that you learned something about comedy growing up in a house run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is related to all kinds of chronically defensive defense that Woody Allen popularized. And whether you're getting into the waitress's affection at your favorite hangout (the elegant Claire Forslani), or questioning the wisdom of a fellow superhero (Wes Studi as the Sphinx), or giving a new member of your "elite" (Jeaneane Garofalo in which are possibly his funniest moments on the screen) a difficult time, it always makes watching fun. I could not say exactly this about him in "There's Something About Mary". <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo proves with this performance that she should have been the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen more funny exchanges between a daughter and father (okay, so he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, then sue me) in the movies. And the funny part about that role is that it sounds like a crazy reprise of Emily Watson's fascinating conversations with God in "Breaking the Waves." And in this version, the girl does not die, and the bells do not touch her head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy does something very difficult; it makes impassive magnetism. You immediately understand what brought Lucille from Jenifer Lewis to Eddie. You can also understand her exasperation. Only the barbecue would be enough to push me to the limit, but when Eddie's adorable, half-breed son looks at his father and says, "I believe you, Daddy." to which Lucille sighs and exclaims, "Roland, do not encourage your father," you sit up and consider Neil Cuthbert a first-rate mood. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only highlight in the movie so far was his bare ass in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (It's been over two decades since we took note of it in "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") As son and mother who share the taste for silver; Greg Kinnear as Captain Incredible and Ricky Jay as his publicist; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as "The Spleen"; and Lena Olin, which, if it did not have the few lines of this film, seems to be visiting the set.
