Director Kinka Usher remains true to his own creed: "Play right and they'll laugh," and with the help of a superb cast, created what was to become the # 1 cult movie of all time, "Mystery Men" . When a villainous villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a mental institution, he captures local superhero, Incredible Captain (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take Champion City, three superheroes, Furious (Ben Stiller The Shoveler William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue.Frankenstein was accompanied by a myriad of underworld slag variety, however, and became a formidable opponent.The trio realizes that help is needed and decides recruit, what they end up is nothing less than the most unforgettable team of "superheroes" ever assembled in the history of the cinema.Furious Mr. has his rage, The Shoveler, his shovel, Raja Azul flings Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible while no one is watching, the Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy-hitter from the south, is very mysterious and can break weapons to the half with your mind. Maybe, Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly precision; and The Spleen (Paul Reubens) exercises flatulence that can incapacitate an entire room. This is a brilliant ensemble piece that offers the laughter without ever becoming patronizing or patronizing the audience while playing straight through at all times. The dialogue is witty, and the performances given by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable and hilarious scenes, especially one in which they have a pool party and a barbecue to recruit, and conduct interviews with a bewildered group of candidates; and another in a bar when Bowler talks to his long-dead father whose skull was implanted in his bowling ball. The funniest of all, however, has to be when the team really tries to rescue the Incredible Captain. But these are just examples because the entire movie is composed of one hilarious scene after another with a subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time. The real secret of his success, though, is that Usher keeps it all real; the relationships between the characters are true, and the whole concept of being a "superhero" is interpreted as being entirely reasonable, which in some way gives a sense of credibility to the whole process. In this world, the aspirations of Mr. Furioso and the rest are sustainable, and Usher keeps the laughter coming without ever resorting to antics or simple jokes. The solid support cast includes Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue Raja's mother), Jenifer Lewis and Pras (Tony C.) "Mystery Men" is a truly inspirational film that can be seen over and over again, with a new chuckle in every performance, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, 'We are number one! All others are number two or less. Is it an Oscar movie? Difficultly; but for a long time and lots of laughs, deal with this comedy masterpiece; is the real deal, and you will not regret it. I rate this a 10/10.
