I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while I was on vacation. When I got home, I went to see him again. Keep in mind that I was twelve years old, but at that time it was the coolest movie of all time. I even collected the ultra-rare action figures (I have all of them except Bowler, which is the hardest to find.) They made Mr. Furious, The Pioneer, The Blue Raja, The Spleen, and Incredible Captain, in case you are There is an action figure of William H. Macy in existence!). I have watched it many times over the years and still remains one of my favorites, mainly due to childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it definitely deserves another look and maybe a cult following. <br /> <br /> The story: a bunch of low-level superheroes save the day. This was run again in the mediocre, straight into the video "The Specials" as well. But this is the other end of the spectrum: big budget (big budget, almost $ 100 million, I think) studio comedy. Yes, the effects are exaggerated and the huge ensembles and the wonderful production design are a bit much considering the plot. But do not think this is a stupid superhero movie with special effects - it's a PARODY. They fight against a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychofrakulator, whatever it is (it is a device of the Last Judgment, he will rule the world, yada yada). And the resident superhero Captain Awesome (a Greg Kinnear with Zapp Brannigan, with commercial product logos in his costume, nice touch) is kidnapped. Time for the mysterious men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, get angry), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, beats people with shovels), The Blue Raja (The Hank Azaria, Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guess what he does), The Spleen (the great Paul Reubens, farts) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut the weapons in half with the mind, I'm not joking). The rest of the fantastic cast of character actors includes Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin heavily edited as Cassanova's fiancee, and the first and only Tom Waits as a mad gun dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits! It is not perfect though. It's too long and there are some rude moments here and there (the Shoveller is full of them). <br /> <br /> The dialogue definitely outweighs the physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there is a guy who fights for his power, case closed). The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the cyclical ramblings of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious, etc. It's just a funny movie, (this will almost make you forget that this was the movie that left Smashmouth's "All Star" to the world.) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the movie did not go so well with critics and the public as it should. A sequel was originally planned (the movie is actually based on a comic book and comic book character "The Flaming Carrot." Flaming Carrot was planned for the sequel I believe), but that did not go well at the box office. It could have been a difficult sale, a superhero comedy with the "There's Something About Mary" face. It could also have been the fact that it was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which turned out to be the biggest hit of August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair." Two other misunderstood classics were released that same weekend, curiously - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant." The critics gave passable comments to the MM, but it was quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, in Jerry Stiller's Comedy Central's Roast, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller that "I saw 'Mystery Men' and I fired my agent." Ben then sees the mouth the words: "I should have to". Do not listen to him. Give "Mystery Men" a try.
