When I first started watching these, it became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is very funny and talented, as well as the aunts and the other characters and the star of the show, Salem the cat, he was immensely funny. The first seasons, in my opinion, were the best where Sabrina was a teenager in high school, adapting herself to witch life. they were funnier, more fun and more hum ... good. I'm not a fan of when they started presenting Brad and Dreamer because I really liked Valerie, but they were okay, the problem was they were only there for a while. If you are going to have new people at least keep them. I did not like Josh he was a tw * t, I preferred Harvey, but then he disappeared. and they got rid of Libby! It would have been incredible if you had been fighting in those seven years. and Mr. Craft too, if he and Zelda got married, that would be gold! then Sabrina leaves the aunts' house and enters the house of Roxie / Miles / Morgan. I did not like these people either, they did not seem to like Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to lose her charm and things and aunts seem to be avoided out of their life and into their own stupid story lines. I kind of stopped watching for a while and the old reruns were back and I was like whoo-hoo! I LAUGHED A LOT. I must say that the last few seasons were absolutely terrible. They got rid of aunts who sucked because they were an important part of the show. so suddenly, she lets these two goers move into the beautiful house when they treat him like dirt. and now she's working at some magazine store, so they're putting great celebrities up on the show, if they're in every episode, it ends up spoiling everything. the program actually went down and lost its brightness. I saw the last episode. had the aunts (Zelda was reduced to a candle) and is about to get married, but flees with Harvey. I'd like to know what happened next. well that's my comment and the only thing I can say is the only thing that's stayed is attractive through the seven years was salem the cat.
