You know the people in the movie are involved when the hailstones fall from a clear blue sky. In fact, the weather remains very bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and only the lawyer Chamberlain has the answer. But it is too much for me, the European rationalist, to get in touch with that inner being that is revealed only through dreams. <br /> <br /> Obscurely heavy mystery about the metaphysics of director-writer Peter Weir. He had already proved his ability to flirt with other dimensions in Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). Here is the arcane world of the Australian aborigines that confronts the tightly ordered world of the predominant whites. Something strange is happening inside the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Lawyer Yuppie Chamberlain is supposed to defend them in the court of a white man. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things get, and the more interested a strange old Aborigine goes into it. And then there are those scary dreams that come and go at odd moments. <br /> <br /> Well structured script deepens interest everywhere. One of the reasons the film works is the background normalcy of Chamberlain's wife and daughters. The public can readily identify with them. And when your little world runs into forces beyond the usual structure, normalcy begins to subside, and we have the feeling that worlds begin to collide. Chamberlain underestimated throughout, especially during the underground discovery tour, where I think he should have shown a more growing awareness than him. After all, it is the recollection of the mask that holds the key (I believe) for the riddle, but his reaction does not actually record the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the notion of revolving nature has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the movie, the notion is engrossed in a lot of fun, but the subject itself remains revealing. One way to bring a central irony in the film is the symbolism of the opening scene. A large white SUV passes by an Aboriginal family, leaving them in historic dust. The land looks like an inner tribal reserve of no particular importance to the coastal cauldrons where the industry dwells. However, it is also a region most likely to survive one last destructive wave. Maybe there's something about the past and the future to think about here. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a very good movie that will probably stay with you.
