Spoilers I loved the later episodes of college and on, but I wish I could have the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last I got was the first season of college. Even adolescence was sweet; although they concentrated a lot on magic, they also made her into a character with whom teenagers could relate, devoting themselves to the problems of teenagers and children from divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not enter into the morbid problems of adolescence, such as sex and drugs, but they were wearing down with the pressure to adapt. I loved to watch her grow up and deal with her magic alone and try to convince her aunts to let go. left the nest. The older episodes were cute, but it was much better to see her as (well, she's not a teenage witch anymore), but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In previous episodes, aunts were great actresses, but they were so rigid, gentle, and loving, but they treated her like a small child in many ways, but not in any way. I mean they punished her for every little mistake she made with her magic, I mean, let her learn from her own mistakes at least once! This was what I liked about the college episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without landing on everything; this was annoying. Not to bring down Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode where she ran away from marrying Harvey, but as someone said, it would have been nice to see what happened next. I mean, I think it was obvious they were getting married; Where else would they flee in their wedding dress? But I wish I had seen it. I supposed they wanted to let the viewer choose the ending instead of putting it in the scoop as most comedies do. Someone said they could have shown that they would get married and go to school in the house, but they already graduated from college. Sabrina had a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see in the end, but they never say what he does. As a kid, they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his father. When Sabrian came into the house that season, they never explained how it happened. In fact, there's a lot that the show does not explain, but I suppose it's to leave it to us and give some mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends move into the house, they show Hilda getting married and all that spell that ends up with Zelda turning into a child. Hilda comes back in the last episode (and Zelda is there in some other way, but Beth is not in the episode), but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened, how did they have kids? Maybe they did not want it too much in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up! I believe it's been six years since the show went live! I still love the reruns! In addition, I do not know if anyone noticed this, but in earlier episodes, the town was called Westbridbe (an invented city, I think it should be near Salem), but in later episodes they did not mention the name of the city that is being called Westbridge and I think they call it Boston unless it's exactly where it worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina" where she is taught about the importance of rules, to be an insult. She was 18 years old and too old to be punished; I would have been insulted if my parents left me at age 18. And I think even though an 18-year-old can mess up what she did, they need to learn the consequences on their own. I think at age 18 they know that the rules are important.
