I have this movie on DVD and I've watched it thirty times. I really should love this, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was a surfer earlier in my life and I loved the sport. To this day I'm fascinated by good surfing. Riding Giants have a lot of that and therefore I'm a sucker for the thing. But I definitely have a few bones to choose from. (Peralta, are you listening?) <br /> <br /> First, the film has little faith in your subject. The cutting and editing of waves is such that most of them are ruined. Very, very few waves are actually shown mounted from start to finish. Peralta seems addicted to a hyperkinetic method of cutting and walking. It gets especially bad in the middle section at the local Mavericks in Northern California. Not a single wave is started from beginning to end. Almost the entire section on Mavericks (a third of the film) is a shocking montage of clips with an equally shocking soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta was trying to reach with Mavericks, since the place is a truly scary mix of bone-crunching waves in open waves, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. The waves are actually mounted there, even with great performances. It would have been nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a great sport (and I'm sure he does it), then why does he insist on messing around so much? Sometimes editing reduces the film to inscrutable. There's a quick clip in the section on Peahi in Hawaii, which I still can not understand. Even though I run in slow motion on DVD, the image is too fast to be decipherable. Must be a couple of frames in length at most. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the guys who did this thing ever learned about euphemism? It is particularly annoying to watch the version of the directors narrated on DVD. These guys sound like two exaggerated valley girls. The same sentiment appears in the main production. Every thing is always so damn "awesome," etc. One particular character is simply unpleasant - Sam George, the editor of Surfer Magazine, who is practically peeing his pants every time he has something to say. He's a super rocker in the movie. <br /> <br /> There is a tremendous effort for this film. I mean, just to get the old photos from the movie, and all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it's usually captivating entertainment. Thematically is well defined, with the three parts centered around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton, respectively. There are some uses of photography that are phenomenal. In the director's narration, they say it's a new kind of 3D technology and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He climbs to the pinnacle of his sport in a way that I've only seen Michael Jordan do in basketball. And also, the story of your meeting with your father is a gem. That really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been so much more. The last part of the movie, when the credits roll, gives a clue to what could have been. There are some beautiful panoramic pictures of waves with a magnificent soundtrack. (The soundtrack to the rest of the movie sucks, though you might like that, if you're a fan of the modern, frenetic rock school.) Anyway, my two cents ...
