I remember seeing this when it was released, in a theater in Palo Alto, and did not expect much. I mean - an Australian movie? But it finally came to me. Here's a scene. Richard Chamberlain is sitting cross-legged on the floor of a shabby apartment in Sidney, in front of an Australian aborigine elder named Charlie. Chamberlain: "You were out of my house last night, you frightened my wife, who are you?" And Charlie in a deliberate rhythm responds: "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? ... Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? Who are you? It's an impressive scene filmed in close-ups, with Chamberlain's handsome face filling the screen as opposed to Charlie's broad, bearded, black face. > The two guys could not be more different and this movie is the story of how Chamberlain accidentally stumbles from his monotonous lawyer existence in the unexplained, almost unexplained, mysteries of Charlie's world. I do not think but I must say that anyone who has done research on Aboriginal Australian belief systems must get an A plus They have everything here, from pointing the bone to the time of the dream, a sort of parallel universe in which dreams are real. It's an extremely scary movie, without any musical scores or splendid special effects. The world of Charly simply begins to meddle in Chamberlain's dreams, for reasons never clarified. <br /> <br /> If there's a problem with the script, that's it. Nothing is made entirely clear. Chamberlain, who seems to have an extraordinary relationship with the aborigines, dies on the last wave? Do the Aborigines? The whole of Sydney? The basic premise is a little difficult to accept as well, although it is guaranteed that this is a fantasy. Aborigines are invested with the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to American Indians, while mythology is mythology and as long as one can be more complex or satisfying - more elegant and beautiful, if you prefer - mythology is still one try to transcend a common, demanding, and sometimes disappointing physical existence. The mysticism of Charlie is more convincing than the miracles of Moses in "The Ten Commandments" of Cecil B. DeMille, but they are brothers under the skin. <br /> <br /> But I do not care about it. Taken as a movie, this is very good, and is especially important to mark the celebrity of the director, Peter Weir, and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a great wave of antipodes films, some of them strident, such as "Mad Max", and some subtle and dramatic, like "Lantana". I like the things of Weir, which resembles Nicholas Roeg in being pregnant with subliminal fear. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to make a truly creepy movie without a drop of blood.
