If it were possible to distill the heart and soul of the sport - not the pure lifestyle - from surfing to its perfect form, this documentary did it. This documentary shows that life is not just about the waves but it is more about the people, the pioneers and the modern avant-garde who are pushing the envelope of the big wave more than ever. Stacy Peralta - a virtual legend of my early years skating in the 1980s as a teenager from SoCal - has edited reams of incredible stock and interviewed footage according to its essence and created what is not just a documentary, but a masterpiece of the genre. When your heart and soul are on the subject - and it is clearly here - your genius is filled with a pure vision that does not glamorize, exaggerates or sentimentalizes your subject. He reveres surfers and the surf / beach lifestyle, but he also does not practice it. There is also a stark reality in sports. <br /> <br /> There is so much you can say about this documentary, about surfers, the beginning of the sport's history and about the great surfers who navigate it. . Greg Noll, the first great wave personality who arguably pioneered the sport; Jeff Carter, an incredible guy who practically walked alone for 15 years on the extremely dangerous waves of Maverick in Northern California; and the centerpiece of the documentary, Laird Hamliton, the current messiah of big-wave surfing. <br /> <br /> There is a tremendous heart and warmth among all these guys - and some girls who appear on the camera - and a deep and powerful love for surf and the ocean that comes in every word. I found the story of how Hamilton's adoptive father met him and how Hamilton as a 4 or 5 year-old boy practically forced him to be his especially touching father (and again stripped of syrupy sentimentality). <br /> If you like to surf - or even if you do not like it - this is a wonderful documentary that should be noted, even though you are a student of the form or someone who simply enjoys incredibly well made art works.
