Wow!! Stacy Peralta accompanied Dogtown and Z-Boys with an equally impressive documentary on the history of the great wave surfing culture in the United States. Gathering insider archival footage, along with interviews from surfing legends, we are transported to the bold, free-spirited life of the early pioneers whose sheer passion for sport has spawned an industry that today touches the lives of millions of people. <br /> <br /> You are getting to know these icons and their stories that give the movie its warmth. You can feel the respect that Peralta has for this group when we hear reports of Greg Noll coming out of a group of haunted surfers on the beach to singularly challenge 15-meter waves on the north coast of Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark, surfing the northern California coast, surfing at the Maverick for 15 years before being discovered and became the destination of surfing in California. And the story of the storybook of Laird Hamilton, today's surf icon. Listening to Greg Noll reverently referring to Hamilton as the best surfer ever sent on my spine. As one side, Noll, Clark and others were in the Sundance sessions.Noll humbly described himself as an old man, He was deeply moved by the reception of his audience and the movie. were as enjoyable in person as they were in the movie. <br /> <br /> The Riding Giants pays tribute to him - these extraordinary athletes, while at the same time rewarding them with a vision of the magnitude and terrifying power of the waves they seek conquering, the angular vertical drops needed to enter them and the almost unfathomable combination of adrenaline and fear that the surfers experience every time they face a monster. <br /> <br /> All this, and the movie has more. of us who did not live in California in the 60s, we have a vision of the impact of surfing on American pop culture. (And, to my surprise, the impact of the movie Gidget on surfing!) Peralta also tackles some technical aspects of sport and history of innovation in equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was absolutely fascinated by this movie. Peralta is betting his claim as the Big Kahuna of American documentaries.
