Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that plunges into the world of one of the most underrated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion that only director Stacy Peralta could capture. Everything from the structure, the players, to the incredible footage, even the style in which it was filmed, only reinforced the beauty and power behind the sport of surfing. Of all the surf movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid), this was the most consistent and relevant. Beginning with the first ages of surfing (a brief history lesson) that lasted until Laird's infamous ride, the Riding Giants goes beyond the mind, heart and soul of the sport than any other of these documentaries. How does this happen? Giving us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction or jigging from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> Getting this movie was structurally sound. In the other movies I've seen on surfing, you sometimes find yourself jumping from new person to new person, from wave to wave, from event to event, with no knowledge of why or who? In Riding Giants, we have a very small cast of veterans and rookies. This allows you to really delve into each one's mind. In addition, instead of just surfing in waves, we get more history and more personal insight than before. That's what really attracted me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all those big waves (because it's a big-wave movie), we hear stories and see firsthand what these surfers had to overcome to get to those waves. I loved the information about the beach bums or father of the surf. I'm still shocked by the incredible tales of Greg Noll and his first adventures in deep blue. So to see him in person, talking about what was going on in his mind, just added more fuel to the fire. The direct structure that Peralta followed allowed me to follow and leave with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the previous films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not help but be surprised by what these brave people have done, and where the sport is going. <br /> <br /> Add some immaculate structure to some intense and creative cinematography, and you have almost perfect movie. Using techniques I last saw in The Kid Stays in the Picture, Riding Giants creates some scenes that almost seem to be jumping off the screen. Although not 3D, it's that flat dimensional feel you get when you put two pictures on top of each other. In this movie, it worked. This created more depth for the scenes, and really added not only shock value (the man from these waves were huge) but also the danger that these guys constantly faced. If it broke differently or maneuvered wrong, those waves would kill them. Some died, but that did not stop the sport. This only created more enthusiasm and more passion to do better. It is this love of the ocean and sport that brings me to my final point. <br /> <br /> The human element. Many of my previous adventures in the world of surfing documentaries have left me with beautiful waves, but very little about people. The movies knew that people were looking at the waves, so basically going from wave to wave to wave and maybe a short second on the person. This movie was the direct opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece still giving us the waves, but devoting much more attention to surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What runs through their minds, what leads them to go further, and the bonds that form while they are out there in the distant blue wild. I felt that after watching this movie I not only knew more about surfing the big waves but also about the emotional side of the sport. This was an element not so developed in the other films and pushed Riding Giants to a whole new level personal. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie was brilliant. I have never witnessed so much passion, devotion and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. From beginning to end, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this movie won this year's Best Documentary Oscar and saw a new renaissance in the surfing world and opened more doors to movies of this nature. <br /> <br /> Note: *** ** out of *****
