"Film noir" is an over-expression when it comes to describing films. All criminal drama seems to be a noir. But "Where the Sidewalk Ends" really is a good example of what the genre is. Very briefly, an overzealous detective (Andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnik who works for the mafiosi. The death is attributed to the father (Tom Tully) of a woman that Andrews knows and falls in love with (Tierney). To save the father of Old Sparky, Andrews captures the rest of the mob and surrenders. <br /> <br /> The morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past. His father was a thief who was killed trying to get out of prison. But that does not excuse his actions after he accidentally takes non-goodnik into self-defense. He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident, but he hesitates. He is already in hot water with the department and this may end his career. Then, at the wrong time, the phone rings. It is Andrews' partner and Andrews tells him that the suspect is not at home. He hides the body and then throws it at a guard and throws his body into the river. <br /> <br /> What motivates a guy to do something so stupid? OK. His work was at stake. But now he has committed several crimes. At least I think they should be multiples. We counted obstruction of justice, assault, disposition of body without permission, garbage, first degree work and false testimony against its neighbor. <br /> <br /> In the end, we do not know whether to root for Andrews or not. The suspect did not deserve to die, that's true, but it was an accident after all because Andrews did not know he was a war hero and "had a silver plaque on his head." Perhaps it is this kind of ambiguity that made noir what was, among other things, characteristic lighting. If noir involved nothing but black-and-white photographs, murders, criminals, mystery and suspicious women, then we would have to include all of Charlie Chan's films under that heading. <br /> <br /> Andrews is pretty good. He's a kind of Mark MacPherson (of "Laura") bitter. He never laughed and seldom smiled, even sitting at a Gene Tierney restaurant table, a situation that would probably bring smiles on many men. He has no sense of humor. His few jokes are insignificant. When he stuffs a doll into a cab and the stool says, "Careful, I almost hit my head," Andrews replies, "All right, the cab is safe." Andrews may seem like a bit of wood at times, but this is a role that demands stubborn determination and no humor and he handles it well. Your underplaying is perfect for the role. Small contractions or blinks project your thoughts and emotional states. And I think the director, Otto Preminger, prevented him from pronouncing the bullet as "BOO-let" and the police as "POE-lice." I could never decide on Gene Tierney. She is well into the role of Tom Tully's daughter, a role model, but she is like Marilyn Monroe in that you can not separate the adopted mannerisms from the actual personality traits. Did Tierney really have such an innocent, almost saintly person? When she answered the phone at home, did her voice have the same quality of singing together as it does on the screen? Poor Tierney went through some bad psychiatric things before there was any effective remedy for bipolar disorder. And Andrews too, cool guy, although it seems to have been, fell into alcoholism before finally recovering and making public service announcements. <br /> <br /> Peter Muller's DVD commentary is unpretentious, informative and sometimes amusing. /> <br /> Anyway, this is a good movie as well as a good example of film noir. The good guys are not all good, though the bad guys are all bad. Maybe that ambiguity is what makes it an adult photo instead of a popcorn movie. For children, only one shot is fired at the screen and no one's head explodes. Excuse.
