A Turkish bath sequence in a noir movie located in New York in the 50's should be a hint of something! Something that curiously, in all previous comments, no one pointed out, but it seems essential to me to understand this movie. <br /> <br /> The sequence of the Turkish baths: a side street at night, the entrance of a volcanic sauna and Scalise wrapped in a sheet, massaging her thighs. Steve, the masseuse is the young hard boxer type (Beefcake!), And another guy, a bodyguard? finish dressing Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets hard right away. We know he has a reputation for leading suspects. Good cop, but getting out of control easy. Why does he hate them so much? <br /> <br /> It could be that he hates himself. This part of him inherited from his father? That dark side that could lead him down the curb, into the gutter? What if that dark side peered into a "closet"? Remember: whenever Dixon finds Scalise (3 times), the guy is lying on a bed, and he only has men around him by company (the irony of the "Girls" poster stuck on the wall near his bed!) Scalise He acts in a funny way: affected manners, lifting his neck arrogantly, challenging, pushing the inhaler (poppers?) into his nostrils every time he talks to Dixon. Dixon, with a vengeance, is inclined to climb Scalise, who does not seem to understand, "I've never seen a man as hateful as you. I find it almost funny the way you came after me alone." Four years jumping on me like I was someone special! Because? "Because Scalise is really someone special: he is the direct heir to Dixon's father:" Your father liked me "," Your father put me in the business. "He stands out as the criminal brother of Dixon, In addition, he prefers the company of men. Dixon knows well: "Who killed him (Paine)? Are you or one of your playmates? Scalise: "I warn you not to touch me!" "I'll tell you not to touch me!" "Dixon's son, Dixon, is the son of a thief. In response to this, he decided to become a police officer, a good one, but there is something to be said for his homosexuality. the criminal in him, a dark side: he is a violent copper, a murderer, a liar and besides, he is not married, and from time to time he takes "a blonde dazed" to his familiar place, but nothing more. mocking says that he does not know how to make love to a woman. Dixon has a deep sense of guilt and hates himself for those reasons. "A hood and a mobster like his old man. The blood will tell. "Finally, in order to attain redemption, Dixon decides to sacrifice himself: if he gets his alter ego Scalise to kill him, he will free himself from guilt and free the girl and her father as well. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie brings us back to the opening sequence: Scalise is pushed into the gutter and Dixon deserves the right to walk down the sidewalk and win the lady's love. /> The unspoken theme of the film might well be that of a man who, in order to cover up his repressed feelings, wants to experience the love of a woman (Jean Douchet) <br /> <br /> to the comment of the film by Jean Douchet on the French DVD edited by CarlottaI
