'Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950)' opens appropriately, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys inscribed on the sidewalk, while streams of dirty water descend between the bars of a sewage grid. Does the sidewalk represent respectability, integrity and morality? Only criminals and criminals walk in the gutter. But even the most honorable men tend to go wrong from time to time, and when the sidewalk ends abruptly, it is sometimes impossible to avoid wetting their shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father, a professional criminal, and spent his entire life making his way back on the sidewalk, perpetually balanced on the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to demonstrate the decency and integrity that his father did not have, but he has an average that he can not escape. When his quick temper leaves a murder suspect dead, Dixon finds himself becoming the same father he despised, a cheap criminal who will cheat and lie to cover up his offense. <br /> <br /> 'Where the Sidewalk Ends' was the only film to bring together Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger, after the superb 'Laura (1944)', although the two films, as much as noir, could not be more distant. Considering that the previous image had the strong intimacy of a country house murder tale, this film is more conventional as an urban police drama. Given her memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney is underutilized, occupying the niche typical of the handsome and impotent romantic interest - as he did that same year in Jules Dassin's The Night and the City (1950). }. Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been any better, exhibiting unbalanced hardness and anger that I did not expect from him. Gary Merrill is properly convinced as the crime boss Scalise, but he does not look good enough for the role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Brown in 'The Big Combo' character; I had not realized this, but Conte appeared only a year earlier in 'Whirlpool' by Preminger (1949). <br /> <br /> The tension, as Dixon tries to cover up his accidental crime, is absolutely fascinating ?? certainly among the most suspenseful sequences of his era? although I think the situation has not yet been exploited to its full potential. The taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identified Dixon as the perpetrator of the crime, but Preminger rushes by the time he passes Dixon on the stairs. If the witness had been brought in when Dixon was reenacting his own movements outside the apartment entrance, we might have had some genuine fireworks. And why, by the way, the taxi driver's testimony could not immediately acquit Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) of the suspicion of murder? Insignificant inconsistencies such as these stain an excellent screenplay of Ben Hecht, who infuses his criminal underworld with blunt cops and wise criminals. Andrews's law-booster, teeming and imploding, haunted by anger and remorse, was seldom made better, at least equal to Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's On Dangerous Ground (1952).
