New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal daily with his own demons, while at the same time facing the ups and downs of everyday life. The tension produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals, leads him to make serious errors of judgment and not to recognize the need for any code of conduct to be followed in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. . He has a track record of dealing with known suspects and criminals with gross brutality and this has put him in conflict with his senior officers who have censured him for the amount of violence he uses regularly. Dixon can not reconcile these demands for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is plagued by the fact that his father was a criminal and was left with a powerful need to live up to his father's reputation and avoid meeting the low expectations many people have of him as a consequence. <br /> <br /> When a wealthy Texan is murdered after the night game of gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Dixon's superior officer, Lieutenant Detective Thomas (Karl Malden), that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and questions the suspect who is drunk and uncooperative and when Paine punches him, Dixon retaliates and Paine falls and dies. Dixon starts to dispose of the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is questioned and after describing what happened at Scalise's house, adds that her father had gone to Paine's apartment later that night to discuss with him that she had returned home with facial bruises. Paine had already attacked her on several occasions and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that if it happened again, he would break Paine. This information leads Taylor to be arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed the Texan and then killed Paine to eliminate him as a witness. Dixon continues to make several attempts to get Scalise to be convicted, but ends up realizing that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paine's death and the cover-up. He does this and also records that he is going to confront Scalise himself so the police can arrest the gangster for the murder of Dixon. The confrontation with Scalise and the eventual means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption provide a tense and appropriate conclusion to this thriller. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews's tense and worried expressions convey the perpetually troubled nature of her character. anxieties as he deals with a number of misfortunes that include and follow the accidental death of Paine. Dixon, however, is not the only one to feel unhappy as Morgan, a successful model loses his job because of all the problems that surround him. His father, who a few years before had received a diploma for helping the police, is unjustly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who had been a war hero, had experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem leading to alcoholism and the beating of women, and Scalise, who had been hired by Dixon's father, also suffers his own misfortunes. "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is a completely engrossing tale involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a leading protagonist who is the absolute embodiment of moral ambiguity.
