The charm of Otto Preminger's grandiose visionary film noir is that he has ambiguous intentions, betraying the dark essence of the central character, who is still irritated by living in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews's vindictive and cowardly cop is shown as a stranger, irrational and destructive, who may be able to change because he may have found a good woman to care for him. The troubled man recovers with his own matted impression of righteousness. The harrowing humor permanently circled in the last half of the story by screenwriter Ben Hecht echoes Andrews' tense performance when Preminger saturates the film into a substance of prosaic and relevant style. We not only see and hear the city at night; we feel this because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors of him. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex character revealed through her bursts of violence and hatred that always infests him. As the plot unfolds he is secretly entangled in situational traps but he is renewed by the outward acts that can be seen in the visceral facial expressions of the vintage noir protagonist before executing them. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a specific stage in the development of the genre is a dark, gloomy and gloomy noir film set in the double underworld climate where the hero is so distant that he is always swelling with rage, and yet he loses his rational resistance, occupational principle and ethical boundaries, he is still a good cop. Preminger just blinks to tell a social consciousness drama about a corrupt community within the sprawling urban landscape instead of keeping the thriller riding on Andrews' shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a man with an oedipal fixation that is disconnecting - on the influences of the law on his side and an immortal perception of right and wrong. Production companies in the early 1950s disintegrated in the framework of social problems and instead became "low-budget, low-risk thrillers" like this, apparently in an attempt to escape the connotations of conservative critics and social narcotics. But there is an expressionist question of Preminger's inimitable approach. He injects each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a backdrop to the plot. Each supporting character must pull his own weight doing something interesting, but none of them are caricatured or depressing the comic reliefs. For him, every character thinks he's the star, according to Karl Malden's direct self-assertion as a missionary police inspector and veteran waitress at a lunch counter. They are the stars - Andrews and Gene Tierney, both distressed by their futile attempts to subjugate their emotional intensity - they do not want to be.
