I'm a big fan of noir movies, and this Otto Preminger movie easily stands out as one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger reunited two of his hit stars 'Laura' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different kind of criminal film. Laura was based on love and this movie is based on hate; while watching Detective Mark Dixon, a police officer already undergoing the scrutiny of his superiors for his heavy-handed tactics, accidentally kill a suspect and try to fix the murder on a known criminal; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot is brilliantly worked, and Preminger balances excellently several points of the plot; but it all goes back to the main moral implication around our main character. The fact that the film is in the underworld of crime means that the plot is a great base to work on, and director Otto Preminger cleverly captures the sloppy side of life by showing the main characters playing, hitting each other (and their wives) , filming and much more - and this also helps to compensate for the film of the previous "Laura", which was very defined in the upper class society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character who is hard to like, since he is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he is easy to sympathize with, and this allows the audience to have the ability to adapt to his situation . The development of the character is well timed and as we follow this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything makes sense until the end. Her co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who does not have as much to offer in this film as Laura; a film that made Tierney his centerpiece. She does well with what she has, though, and the duo's chemistry is great and Tierney helps complete every scene she's in. I can not say that this is a better movie than the previous Laura; is a difficult act to follow, but this film certainly fits better in the formula of the film noir than in the previous film of Preminger. The film also makes a good piece of comparison for Laura; as almost everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 film, it is still strangely familiar. Highly recommended to everyone!
