At first glance, it seems natural to compare where the sidewalk ends with Laura. Both have Noirish qualities, both directed by Otto Preminger, and the two stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most comparisons end. Laura dealt with sophisticated and sophisticated people, with means that they find themselves confused in a murder. Where Sidewalk Ends is placed in a completely different stratum. They are people with only two nickels to rub themselves in, who are more accustomed to seeing the belly of society than going to extravagant parties. Where the sidewalk ends is a brave movie full of desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or some other weapon. The small henchmen are a penny and the police beat the confessions of the bad guys. Getting trapped in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I have not seen all of her work, based on what I've seen, Dana Andrews gives one of her best performances as the downtrodden cop, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He's the kind of cop who's accustomed to thwarting local henchmen if he gets information or a confession. One night he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does his best to cover it up. But things get complicated when he falls in love with the deceased's wife, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the murder case. As Morgan's father means the world to her, Dixon has to do what he can to clean the old man without implicating himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the sidewalk ends is excellent. In addition to Andrews' excellent performance, the film features the ever-pleasant Tierney. It has a quality that can make even the darkest moments seem clearer. The rest of the cast is as solid as Tom Tully as the unfairly accused father being a real highlight. Besides acting, the direction, the scenarios, the lighting and the cinematography are all first-rate. Overall, it's an incredibly well made movie. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint (and admittedly it is a very, very minor complaint), Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and environment that surrounds her. It's kind of hard to believe that a woman like this could find herself confused with some of these nasty characters. It's not really her fault, it's just the way Tierney is. She looks a little beautiful, polite and delicate to the paper. But his gentle, gentle, confident nature adds a sense of realism to his portrait.
