In Where The Sidewalk Ends, Otto Preminger gathers Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, certainly hoping to recapture the magic of his Laura. But they are wildly different films, set in different strata of New York (not to mention in opposite poles of the universe noir). A fine haze of Gothic hangs over Laura's luxurious Manhattan, with her erotic obsession and faint scent of necrophilia; Where The Sidewalk Ends is pure urban soot and dust, it befou a city of basement apartments, steam rooms and garages. <br /> <br /> But it's a movie as good as the revered precursor, and dyed from the inside. - wool noir (Laura, in contrast, one of the 1944 films the French dubbed "noir," was still a sophisticated murder mystery). Daylight only enters into very temporary sufferings, and director of photography Joseph LaShelle makes the most of the alleys and the brown houses, the docks and the El. This is the great city par excellence - specifically the Big Apple - noir, as several others from the 1950 vintage, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> As the film is opened Detective Dana Andrews is on the rug for his brutal ways, particularly his revenge against crime boss Gary Merrill (who learned that he was raised in business by Andrews' father ). When an outsider is stabbed to death in a Merrill-operated floating shit game, Andrews triggers a witness, causing him a fatal crack in the skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). . Realizing that his work is already at stake, Andrews throws his body into the river after it looks like the suspect has taken a powder. <br /> <br /> Of course this is far from an end to it. The body is discovered, his estranged wife ends up being Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn towards his father (Tom Tully), a driver who passed not only for crossing the same streets on the night of the murder, but having ample grounds to want his abusive son-in-law to die. But the bitter lonely Andrews finds in Tierney a summons to his better nature; he tries to exonerate his father while still maintaining his own involvement with all the sordid business in secret ... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the screenplay of Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows a (in a second relegation, his superior tells Andrews: "Look at you - all excited like a cigarette on the barrel"). <br /> <br /> But while Laura was spreading her attention about half a dozen characters, here Andrews is virtually the only focus (even Tierney's role is much less central than her half-spectral Laura). And Andrews may never have outdone his performance here. His lips are tight and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face is silently recording the anguish his own obstinacy has brought him. He is a repressed sufferer who can find release only through the safety valve of violence (he even attacks his loyal partner, Bert Freed). To be sure, he finds a fast path to redemption through the agency of his beautiful co-star. But that was the style of the times, and a sweet finish does little to undermine this story of violence, corruption, and urban complications in New York.
