We are a long way from LAURA. Once again Otto Preminger directs, star Dana Andrews as a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else resembles the sophisticated murder mystery everyone's favorite. Instead of a delightfully quotable dialogue, we have distressing and harrowing realism. While the previous movie took place in the upper echelons of New York society, here we are in the low-income district of dark streets, thugs, cheap restaurants and miserable apartments. Tierney, handsome as ever, now works as a department store mannequin and lives in Washington Heights (the "doll" neighborhood that once took a fox fur from Mark McPherson's LAURA). This time, Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sadder and more problematic version of the cool cop in a trench coat. <br /> <br /> WHERE THE RIDE WALK belongs to a sub genre of noir, films about police brutality focused on cops who can not control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas's character in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his fervent contempt for criminals to his father's criminal past. Where Douglas is hypocritical and blind to his own shortcomings, Andrews is overwhelmed by repressed guilt and self-loathing. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions with an attempt to cast suspicion on a slimy gangster (Gary Merrill) whom he has been seeking in vain for years. Instead, one suspects a gentle taxi driver because he is the father of the dead man's estranged and mistreated wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he killed, desperately tries to save his father without giving himself up. Among the noir protagonists, Dana Andrews had this distinction: he was incapable of appearing unintelligent. Even when playing an ordinary Joe, as he used to do, he always seems unusually sensitive and insightful; more than that, his air of being very thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that haunted-and haunting-quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic tendency to see and know too much. Their conscious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, their inability to "relieve themselves." No other actor could have expressed so well the repressed anger, the slow pain, the dying intelligence of Mark Dixon. He also has a muffled tenderness, a muffled heat and even an ironic humor that make him desolate. This happens when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he is regular, and for the first time we see this cold and brutal man exchanging insults with the waitress, whose sarcasm can not hide his affection and concern for him. When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he provides it, although they have recently discussed it and Dixon has punched him. There are no words about loyalty or knowing that he is a good guy deep down, but we see everything in the man's anguished silence and the resignation of his wife while she delivers some jewels to the pawn. Dixon's kindness comes through the reactions of others to him as much as through Andrews' deeply moving performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a small star, he may be the quintessential man of the forties. He goes through some movies almost never taking off his overcoat; with that square silhouette of mid-century, fortified even more by the felt hat, the glass of bourbon, the cigarette he does not take from his mouth when he speaks, he seems trapped in the masculine ideal of hardness and impassibility. While many noirs romanticize the tough guy, WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers an uncompromising portrait of the reality behind the facade, an emotional and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. Andrews was sadly underestimated in his own time (he was the only one of the three protagonists of THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES, not nominated for an Oscar, although his understated performance is far more convincing than the drunken Frederic March, winner of the Oscars). Fortunately, Andrews has appeared in some films that have guaranteed his immortality, and now, finally, this little-known film, which contains his best performance, can be seen as part of the wonderful set of Fox Film Noir. This series, including a number of previously unseen titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox may have had the best record of all the major studios when it came to film noir.
