Perhaps the most engaging and clever corrupt cop is "Where the Sidewks Ends" by Otto Preminger, a really excellent screenplay by Ben Hecht, based on Frank Rosenberg's novel "Night Cry" ... <br /> < Dana Andrews is the honest and hard-hitting cop of New York, always in trouble with her superiors because she likes her own strong arm methods as much as hates bandits ... When she hit someone, her fingers ached ... And the man he wants to beat is a soft villain (Gary Merrill) who points to the title. 'Why are you always trying to push me into the gutter?' he asks Andrews. "I have as much on the sidewalk as you do." <br /> <br /> Dana Andrew's obsession and neurosis is implanted in her hidden and painful discovery that he is the son of a thief ... His deep hatred of criminals led him to use his own illegal methods to destroy them, and the pursuit of justice has been spoiled in the private vendetta ... <br /> <br /> For a single irony of the film, Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney of "Laura" is united once more, and Andrews now appears to be playing the same detective a few years later, but no longer the romantic, downtrodden by his work, by cheap criminals ... This time he has gone too far, and accidentally kills a suspect ... Murder is accidental , the victim is useless but it is a crime that he knows he can break it or send him to prison ... Using his knowledge of the police procedure, he masks his part in the crime, plant false leads, and tries to implicate a gang leader, but can not avoid investigating the case himself ... The double tension of f The fact that the larger case reaches its conclusion without implicating itself in the murder is maintained to perfection and the final solution is logical, satisfactory and in no way a compromise ... The film is one of the best detective films of the 1950s, with curious moral values, also one of Preminger's best ... Preminger uses a powerful storytelling technique, projecting pretentious camera angles and quirky touches from the bizarre to the outsource your suspense in realism ...
