'The Last Wave' is much more than the sum of its parts. It's not just a disaster film, not just an exploration of Australian Aboriginal spirituality and certainly more than a simple court drama. Writer / director Peter Weir takes these elements to the next level to produce a truly effective and thought-provoking film with the same sinister atmosphere he gave to 'Picnic At Hanging Rock' two years earlier, which you will continue to remember years later. When the lawyer David Burton (Chamberlain) is called to defend Chris Lee (Gulpilil) about the death of an aborigine for which he may or may not be directly responsible, he finds himself not only struggling to achieve Lee's truth but giving meaning to what he hears when happens. As with the Aboriginal belief that there are two worlds - everyday and Dreamtime, the truth exists on two completely different levels, with ramifications more disastrous than Burton could have imagined. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the reason why 'Picnic At Hanging Rock' is best remembered is because of its enduring mystery. We are led along the same path, but forced to find answers for ourselves. In 'The Last Wave', we can put it all together at the end of the movie. However, even with all the information, we have to choose how much we want to believe, because the film takes us beyond the borders of our normal realities. On the production side, Weir uses his budget to great effect, progressively building a sense of disgrace in everything from soft lighting, heavy rain, to sound use. Incidental music is unobtrusive, never trying to be grandiose. Richard Chamberlain is able to convey the perplexity that audiences would undoubtedly feel when trying to unravel the mystery. David Gulpilil portrays to perfection a man trapped between two worlds, wanting to do the right thing, but with fear, because he already knows the end. <br /> <br /> Put all these things together, and you have a perfect example of why David Weir is a household name in the movies thirty years later. Strongly recommended.
