George Cukor directs this high-quality suspense story in the theatrical world with its usual, sensitive and firm touch. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still holds despite some strenuous moments ?? it is hard to forget his haunted countenance as he unfolds around social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting subtexts and Cukor does an excellent job of making them clear, without forcing things too hard. The screenplay by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, mixing the rare theater world with the decaying world of the streets and using elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to the film's main jealousy theme and Colman's character obsession with the identity Several interesting things about this movie? superficially, could be dismissed as a very superficial treatment of the everyday problems of the actors. In other words, if the art of acting required such complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have a wave of psychotic actors chasing the streets. But I do not really think the main concern of this story is to act or the work / art to act on itself. I think Anthony's struggles represent a broader existential issue, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. There is a key, I feel, in your relationship with your ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never have or could have become a good actor without his inspiration. And at another point he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his papers began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do with this, but it seems important to me, especially because it's her obsession with her and her jealousy that finally pushes him up. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony put himself in danger first by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional conception. It is unusual for male and female protagonists to be divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not completely unprecedented (Hawks' comedy "His Girl Friday" comes to mind, among others), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up resolving their romantic breakup. In a way, the film might be implying that jealousy is another form of self-love.
