Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who began to lose his head and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide variety of parts, he can not remember who he is exactly - who his roles are and who the ego is. And, much more seriously, he begins to see and hear his play, even in everyday life. So as he's playing "Othello", he starts to get jealous and suspicious - just like the title character. Ultimately, it takes you to the depths of insanity and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie years ago and I liked it. I just saw it again and I loved it. Now, maybe, a little of my enthusiasm is because I've always liked Ronald Colman and this is a big triumph for him - and for which he won the Oscar for Best Actor. And looking at the competition that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S ACREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH PAI and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice, his zone of habitual comfort and made a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that a critic hated this movie because he hated Shakespeare - and this took about half of his commentary about his dislike for him. However, this movie is not really about Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I marveled at the small portions of the play that Colman re-enacted - though, as I said, this is not really a Shakespeare movie. Instead, it's a wonderful picture of an actor losing his head and blending his stage role with reality. It could have been any game, although "Othello" was a great choice because of the murder scene - which is put out real in the movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very clever film, due to a lovely script - with some implications of Film Noir. Fortunately, the performance was also great, as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he did his part the right way). And, considering the great George Cukor was driving, it's no wonder that it's a wonderful movie from beginning to end.
