DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among movie fans for two reasons: the idea of ​​an actor getting so engrossed in a role (here, Othello) that he captures the great flaw of this character and put it in his life; and that this is the movie that won Ronald Colman, the Oscar (as well as the Golden Globe) as best actor. Let's give the second point first. <br /> <br /> The biggest role of Anthony John Colman, or even his signature role? I have my doubts at any level - but it is among his best known roles. For most of his career, Ronald Colman has played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is the Bulldog Drummond (cleaned in the production of Goldwyn not to be an arrogant racist) fighting crime. He is Raffles, the great cricket player and even bigger thief, trying to do his best to break into the honor of a friend. He is Robert Conway, the great imperial political figure, who is kidnapped and brought to that paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, manfully to his death after he discovers that his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is subconsciously villainous - he kills one person and almost kills two others. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is antisocial. <br /> <br /> For me, Colman should have received the Oscar for Heldar, or Carton, or Conway - all more typical of his acting. papers. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles to reward its treasure with its top members. Colman's Anthony John is a great performance and, at one point, really scary. When alone with Signe Hasso in her home, she at the top of a ladder and him at the base, they have a discussion. She demands that "Tony" leave, saying that she will not see him. He looks at her, his face strangely hardened in a way he has never used before, and he says, "Oh, no, you will not!" He starts to climb up, scaring Hasso, and she rushes to her room. He stops and leaves. In fact, it's the real highlight of his performance - even more so than Hasso's assault on stage, or Edmond O'Brien's, or the murder of Shelley Winters. He showed his blind fury. For that moment it was (for me) an Oscar-worthy performance. But it's just this moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should have received the award for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His actual performance in the Shakespearean role of Othello is not great but bearable. All too often he lets the dialogue out of his tongue in a kind of forced singing style (we wondered if this was due to Walter Hampden's coaching, who probably knew how to handle the role correctly, or a reaction to it). Currently, "Othello" is played by an African-American actor more often than a white man. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance on paper defined this new tradition firmly in place. But the three best-known film performances of the play are those of Colman, Orson Welles in his film OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his film theatrical production of OTHELLO. All three white actors played the role on the black face. My personal favorite of the three is Welles, who seems to be the most subtle. But even watching the film version of Welles, I get angry because Robeson never managed to put his performance (with Jose Ferrer as Iago) in the film. <br /> <br /> Now, the first question - can an actor get involved in this? A paper? I heard different things about it. Some actors have admitted having a role at home with them from the theater or the movies. Others have found a role that should be stimulating, influencing them in a new cause of action in relation to their lives or to some aspect of life. But in truth I have never heard of anyone who became a homicidal as a result of a role. It sounds like a melodramatic and banal idea. <br /> <br /> Actually, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, a feature film "B", THE BRIGANT STRANGLER, starring John Loder, used a similar plot about an actor who is playing a famous "Jack the Ripper" and who begins committing this kind of murder later of an accident. There was an earlier film in the 1930s, in which an actor playing Othello gets jealous of his wife (I think the title was MEN'S NOT NOT GODS, but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career and Cukor's direction, it's a DOUBLE LIFE that people think of when they remember this plot idea. It was actually the comedy (finally) in an episode of CHEERS, where Diane Chambers is helping an ex-convict who may have talent in acting, and they put OTHELLO in the bar, soon after he sees her with kissing Sam Malone. Only Diane is aware of the ex-convict's personality problem and can not delay production long enough (she tries to start a discussion of the story and the symbolism of the play). <br /> <br /> The cast of A DOUBLE LIFE was first-rate, and Cukor's direction was as certain as before. So the movie definitely worth watching. But despite giving Colman a different interesting role, it was not his best work on the screen.
