Legend of Dragoon is one of those little-known games that people love or hate. Some people claim that it is very similar to other games, ie the Final Fantasy series - which is understandable since it was originally meant to be the equivalent of Final Fantasy from Sony. Honestly, I can not comment on the similarities as well, since I'm not very familiar with FF games. <br /> <br /> I think my favorite aspect of the game is the battle system. You not only have the ability to switch to a more powerful dragon form, but every time you attack, you have to pay attention to complete the attack by pressing the buttons at the correct time. Also, sometimes enemies attack you in the middle of a sequence, which means you have to press different buttons to avoid damage. Even the use of certain attack items requires a bit of button smashing. If you do not want to attack, you can always protect, which not only cuts any damage taken in half, but increases your hitpoints without the use of healing potions. <br /> <br /> The FMVs are very well done, about the same quality as Final Fantasy 8's. However, the graphics during the game do not conform to this standard. They are cool, but they could have been - and honestly, should have been - better. The translation also leaves something to be desired. This not only raises interesting character relationship issues, but there are also some grammatical errors that simply should not have been allowed to pass. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I found interesting was that you missed the main characters of the party: one dies, and the other basically becomes useless for the party and leaves. Although a character's death is often said to have no meaning, you realize early on that the characters, as heroes, are still as deadly as the next person. The people who replace the lost characters simply win all their stats, so the transition game is reasonably good. Maybe my only complaint about the characters is the love interest of the main character, Shana. She is the epitome of the defenseless woman who needs to rescue, pathetic to the point of causing the player to scream in frustration. While you can wear it at your party, she is insanely weak - I do not even know what dragon powers are, because I did not like her so much that I never used her. The character Rose, by contrast, is probably my favorite female character in any game ever. She is not a coward and some of her magical dragons are extremely useful. Meru is very strong as well, while at times he is a boring and annoying prank. The character designers were, like most, inclined to make the female characters look beautiful or anything else, and did not pay much attention to the actual utility of the clothes. Seriously, no armor and most exposed skin is not useful when fighting monsters. But I will give them props, for they have females serving as knights in various countries. <br /> <br /> I can not comment too much on the plot, as honestly I did not pay much attention to this other than where I needed to go to the next. I'm not sure if that says anything about the storyline itself, or my style of play. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a very nice game. He has his flaws, but for me he found the right balance of having to think and just push buttons and kill monsters.
