This two-part TV mini-series is not as good as the original 1966, but it's solid. The original benefited from a huge number of things --- it was all in black and white, it had a great jazz score and it was filmed in real places, including the condemned Clutter family home. This was important because in the book and in the original movie the house is much more a character in itself. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada, and I think it doubles well for Kansas. The story tries to be as understanding with Perry as he dares and Eric Roberts interprets him as a somewhat embarrassed person, his homosexuality barely hidden. The nicer tone of Roberts does not work in the end because it is hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would finally explode in a murder spasm. Considering that Robert Blake took over Smith left him no doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. Anthony Edwards was excellent as the bombastic, big-mouthed and finally cowardly Dick Hickcock, the brains of clothing. His performance compares very well to the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> Since this is a longer film, it allows more time to develop the Clutter family, and in that sense, I think the 1996 film has an edge. The Clutters are just a decent and excellent family. They have never harmed another soul and it is simply unexplainable that such a decent family be massacred in such a horrible way. It still surprises me that after the Clutters were locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not force the window so that at least her children had a chance to escape. This movie has the thought occur to him, but too late. From what I read about the real house, which is still standing, the way the bathroom is set up, they could have opened the drawers and effectively barricaded the door that would have forced the killers to clear their way. But maybe I bought time for some of the Clutters to escape. Why the Clutters did not try this, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will recognize that this movie has many freedoms about how the crime is committed but not very serious. Still, it's a distraction for viewers like myself who have read a lot about the case. The actors who play the cops, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are uniformly excellent, much better, I think, as a group, than the actors in the original film. They know that in order to hold the bow on the neck of both, they must confess them. And the cops come to the interview impeccably prepared. They had already discovered the probable alibi of the false story of going to Fort Scott, and they unmasked everything. The officers then let Smith & Hickcock into their trap. Hickcock is a bs. Artist figure he can convince anyone of anything and the officers respectfully let him tell his cover story. But when they reduce his boom, it breaks down very quickly. It is very well filmed and rendered and very gratifying to watch because the viewer should in particular hate Hickcock in particular at this point, a cowardly crook who needs the easily manipulated Smith to kill for him. Supposedly, Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from the Clutters, but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was spared this degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors who play the Clutters are very good, Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter in particular. The story deals sensitively with Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, most likely clinical depression, and Mrs. Clutter displays remarkable inner strength when she firmly and strongly demands that the killers leave her daughter alone. From what I read, the surviving family of the Clutters was particularly troubled by the way Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming it was totally untrue. But as an aside, both assassins reported to police as Clutter asked them not to bother his wife because of her long illness. Capote could compose this fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but certainly the killers had no reason to falsely portray Mrs. Clutter, and undoubtedly much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) is far from the recorded confessions of the killers. Then it would have been absurd for Herb to have said that and not be true.
