Like others, I have seen and studied most of the books and films on Clutter Killings, including some dramatic works thematically based on the actions and mythological psychology of crime participants - including Capote himself. As for Capote, I can not forgive him for intentionally withholding the confessions, intimacies, and writings of Perry Smith from even the defense councils. I believe truths and facts Capote "reserved" for his "book," which required Capote to convict two guilty verdicts and capital punishment, would almost certainly have sustained a successful insanity defense for Perry Smith even under McNaughton's old Rule. Capote himself could never write another great literary work after "In Cold Blood." Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he willingly encouraged and planned the brutal capital punishment to provide the spectacular end he demanded for his book / drama. For him, the two men had to die for his book to succeed. The book had to be justified by pretending it was about the horror of the death penalty. His actions and silence ensured this icy conclusion. <br /> <br /> Capote's book is not true. It is not factual or journalistic. It is drama and melodrama tempered with its own creatively psychotic imagination. What most people consider the virtues of the first contemporary film are clear images of Capote's mind, which may have been the coolest aspect of all. No wonder the viewers ironically, but necessarily prefer Blake's performance. That actor is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest imaginations. <br /> <br /> So, who's to say how the two killers should be played? Who should judge what could make a psychotic attack essentially poetic, of excessive courtesy and kindness to the act of "doing it now" killing? I agree with the few who see in Eric Roberts' work a magnificent performance, with Shakespeare in their range, but they played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "attitude mode" to create an idiot Hickok; but it's one-dimensional and boring with just a few notes on its television range. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body, a Frankenstein creature who thinks of poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do. Like Leopold about Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with a perverse man. Without Hickok or a man of his peculiarities, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horrors. He fears himself more than he fears anything else in life. <br /> Given the freedom of Capote's death grip on awareness of the Clutter murders, Roberts and Edwards are free to create personalities and original psychoses to create a different one. and new drama production. Same facts, some of the same lines as the case record, but deeper, more complex, with clearly titanic psychotic stresses - in fact, Roberts is so good at this fluid madness that he demonstrates physically and factually at all times how little consciousness he has What many of our critics do not like about this film, Roberts in particular, is that cold-blooded killing is not shown in the way they expect it to have been and manipulated to demand. This is because here we are seeing a much more profoundly realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. The real cold-blooded assassin, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritically artistic "nonfiction novel" does not control these interpretations and performances. If "In Cold Blood" and Capote's effect on life, literature and truth matter as much as academics say, then it takes both the guts and the talent to portray the truth, or a version of the They are not the cowardly lie, taken from the fathoms of Capote's own abyss.
