I'm from Sweden and I just saw this movie and the thing is I thought everything was fine. I have seen many bad reviews about this but you should remember that many people watching this two part miniseries are located all over the world and not just in the USA. Remember also that not everyone has heard of the movie made in the 60's and maybe not in the events (murders). And even more ... it can be difficult to find the original movie and if there is, there will always be people around who do not like black / white movies. This one feels fresh and colorful and will find your audience. His 12 years now, but I only saw it for the first time. I'll try to find the first one if I can compare them, but I have not seen anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse there is internet, but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is mostly part of an American crime story and was great in the 50-60s: it's only in the US, but the rest of the world just past, I guess. Well, this was said some time ago, but 40 years later, it will disappear, for example Europe causes the time passes. We've had our own problems and crimes, so if someone does a remake of the movie and put it back in some light, it's not a bad idea. A new generation may be part of this horrible story and even the Capote movie that was released a few years ago, the witch was a very good movie too, I think. It will increase interest for events that occurred 50 years ago and maybe stop you sleeping. It started me and now I'm looking for the Robert Blake version, so it was not so bad ... huh? Those are my opinions. Some people will, of course, disagree, but hey ... it's okay. Sometimes, okay with remakes in old movies. It is not every time the ancients are so good. Filmmaking techniques have developed a lot and scenes can become more realistic if you want them today. It's always a question of money, of course. There have been so many movies that were made in the "good old days," but there was also money missing, bad directors, etc., and they redo them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are well to watch. My friend has this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can not say I was impressed by the so-called good old days. Most of them you put in the bin directly. They were so bad we sat like zombies ... we could not move ... like undead. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them I've seen remakes of and I remember liking them ... but not the originals. They were just painful horrible. This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, maybe you'll find someone to trust or like in him ... Thank you for me and apologize for my English , this is not so good. / Lars from Sweden
