I found this family film nice and pleasant, even if I was not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovering that the elevator in her high-class building becomes a time machine when a key on a key chain she took from a blind scientist is placed in the lock of the elevator. . She learns to control the machine (with some uncertainty about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The film is not serious science fiction work. You have to ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with altering the past through time travel, that is, the past is changed to prevent the 1881 Walker family from becoming poor, but the change means that the family never had financial problems , I told Susan about the financial problems her mother had, which means Susan should not have had a reason to change the past in the first place! But in addition, there are some good touches in history, such as the old elevator panel, found in the apartment of the woman who invented and installed the time machine secretly, not having a space for the lock that activates the time machine resource. . As in many stories for children, we must also assume that a child will not share surprising information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult, but rather will hide the time traveler. <br /> <br /> This also requires disregard. some poorly staged scenes and uninspired performances from some of the adult actors. (The children-actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were very convincing in their parts.) In a scene from the 1300s, the Native Americans noticed Susan watching and photographing them. But they are not surprised at the sudden appearance of this blonde, white-skinned girl in peculiar outfits. His answer is simply to stop what they are doing and walk calmly toward Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother is carrying what is supposed to be a baby, but is so obviously a doll (her white skin and her head fails). Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who originally came to prominence in TV's "Thirty Something", gives a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes apathetic performance. At the other extreme, Michel Perron places him as the Italian construction superintendent (caretaker), as does Richard Jutras, in his role as a nosy neighbor. (The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suspect these problems may be the director's fault or a low budget. <br /> Despite these flaws, I recommend the movie for children. In addition to interesting history, it also has some educational value, in that it points out how much technology and social norms have changed in just over 100 years.
