Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a lawyer who lives in Sydney, Australia, and is dragged to a murder trial, defending five Aboriginal men accused of murdering a fellow native of Peter Weir's apocalyptic thriller The Last Wave of 1977 Continuing where Picnic at Hanging Rock has stopped, the film explores the stranger more deeply and in the process shows the gulf between two cultures that live side by side but do not understand the culture and traditions of each. Weir shows how white society views native beliefs as primitive superstitions and believes that once they are living in cities and have been "domesticated," their tribal laws and cultures no longer apply. From the outset, Burton is drawn more and more to a strange web of visions and symbols, where the line between real time and "time of dreams" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence in which a sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupts a quiet school recess to Burton's discovery that his bathtub is overflowing and water dripping from his steps. As the violent and unusual climate continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the easy scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives becomes clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books about the Aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he is disturbed to discover that he is the subject of an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an enigmatic Aboriginal wizard involved with defendants. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients hamper their work by refusing to reveal the true events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the Aborigine was killed in a tribe. ritual because "he saw too much," although Chris refuses to acknowledge this in court. Burton, increasingly troubled by a mystery that he can not unravel, tells his stepfather stepfather, "Why did not you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question, but according to the Reverend, the Church responds to all mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter the tribal caves. Although we do not know for sure what is real and what is a dream, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a frightening climax that will leave him reflecting on the meaning until the early hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this period of history in which Hopi and native Maya prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of the man leading to the Fifth World, The Last Wave, though at 25 years of age, is still timely. Aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not one completely subjugated by the white man, but I am disturbed by the gnawing sense that we are looking at but not seeing well. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that is beyond our consensual view of reality, but it perpetuates the guidance of the final judgment that sees possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as an obscure and uncontrollable power without a hint of spiritual beauty who lives on both sides of time.
