John Cassavetes' 1977 film, Opening Night, is what critics generally call the work of such a significant, "neglected" artist. It's an excellent film by itself and one of the best portraits of a middle-aged crisis that has already been filmed. It's not a perfect movie, in which, at two hours and twenty-four minutes, it's about half an hour too long, and there's a lot of emphasis on the drunkenness of the main character Myrtle Gordon, played by Cassena's wife Gena Rowlands. , long after we got to the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece Another Woman, who also starred in Rowlands eleven years later, is a better picture of the inner conflicts of an aging woman. However, Rowlands won the award for best actress at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait, and it was well deserved. Often this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to his previous and inferior film, A Woman Under The Influence, but it is a spurious comparison. Rowlands' character in this film is severely mentally disturbed from the start, as well as coming from a blue-collar background, while his characters in this film and Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by apparitions. In this film, it is the ghost of a dead girl who can be seen as the youngest doppelganger of Myrtle, while in Allen's film is the past of his character. Many critics have considered this film as a portrait of an alcoholic, watching Myrtle surround himself with facilitators, as a stage manager who tells her during the opening night: "I've seen a lot of drunks in my time, but I" Never I saw no one so drunk as you who could stand. You are great! 'But that's wrong, because alcohol is not her problem - not her smoke. They are mere amusements of anything that is really forcing their own destruction, and much to the credit of Cassavetes, as a storyteller, he never allows us to find out exactly what is wrong with Myrtle, and though it appears at the end , there is no reason to expect that it has actually solved anything of consequence. This kind of unresolved ending links Cassavetes directly with the more daring European directors of the recent past, who were comfortable in not revealing everything to an audience and forcing their viewers to cogitate even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> However, the film perfectly recapitulates the effect of a drunk or fever coming out of the fog, and as such, the viewer is again subliminally involved in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers or not, after the universe of the film begins, it is left for any viewer to decide, and as we saw before the lid closes, someone's choices matter.
