Watching John Cassavetes' film, Opening Night, I remembered something Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience in being an art creator or acting. He referred to an example of, say, if he ran over a dog while on his way to acting on a play that would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him, and that he would undoubtedly have to bring that experience with him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help but think of his words when watching the character of Gena Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who for nearly a week or more goes through a very similar scenario. There is more to this in the film of Cassavetes, of course, since it is about how the theater works around an actress, what emotion and human nature mean when it comes to interpreting a character and how one lives when everything is done like Myrtle Gordon). ) is the theater. Near the beginning of the movie, after leaving a performance, Myrtle is signing autographs and one of these fans, named Nancy, arrives at her favorite star and throws her heart at Myrtle. It's a touching little moment, but it does not last as she has to get in the car (torrential rain and everything). She then watches in horror as the girl, who was at the side of the car when she left, is hit by another car in a car accident. She is not sure what happened, but then discovers the next day that in fact the girl died of the attack. From there, she is shocked by it even after thinking that she is out of her system. Initially, this shows in small ways, as when she rehearses a scene with her fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and it seems she can not bear being hit - she blames the lack of depth on the character (the writer: "What do you think the piece does not have? "" I hope, "says Myrtle - but then Nancy begins to appear to her, an apparition that to Myrtle is all real until she is suddenly gone. Cassavetes Como in the previous films, it is after a search for what it means to have emotion, to really feel something and to feel it, or to lack it, and how it affects others around the person. previously played a woman on the edge of herself in Woman Under the Influence (in this case because of alcohol), nor would it be a foreign territory for Ben Gazzara, who has just starred in the death of a Chinese bookmaker. is essential for your s characters in all scenes; Cassavetes does not tell them how to go from A to B in a scene, and he does not have to. There is a mood in a Cassavetes movie that outweighs the sometimes dirty camera work. You know Myrtle, for example, should be content in some way, even if it's not the plot. But she is haunted and dissatisfied with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the play ("Aging, who's going to see it?" She asks the playwright), and this begins to affect those around her as well. <br /> The question soon becomes, though not what is usual. A conventional playwright would make the conflict "Will she be able to take the stage, will the show continue?" This is not important to Cassavetes, even if it's there, as well as the question "Will she be okay?" Perhaps going through such a tiresome play as "The Second Woman" could help her discover her personal demons and she lose track of reality (seeing Sara and attacking her in front of strangers who wonder what the hell is going on) ? Or does the lack of hope of the play overwhelm everything that is wrong with it? The depths that Rowlands does to his character are intense and distressing, and this is expected, does not mean that it is more annoying than Woman Under the Influence - if it is something, it is as good as being honest about a person in this profession, and consequently, the other performances are equally true, from Gazarra to Nancy played by Laura Johnson subtly. Cassavetes answers his own questions posed are not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the true thrills of opening night, along with seeing great actors performing an incredible script, is to see Cassavetes take over the theater the way he does. We see the play performed - and apparently it's a real play - and we only know a little bit of what it's about. When we see the actors on the stage, we increase and decrease the involvement between what the melodrama is going on (relationship and subject quarrel and the occasional outbreak and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I wondered how much improvisation really was, how much Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle begins to go crazy or, at the climax, is completely destroyed. He's on stage too, so it must have been something for them to work on beforehand and let it happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, amazing, creepy, and tip-of-your-seat. things, some of the best movie theater scenes ever put into a movie, and we see the lines between actor on stage, actor in the film, actor with actor, blend beautifully together. Opening Night is a potent drama that is full of frank talk about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people and finally what it means to 'act'?
