It was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan, that Cassavetes did not think like a director, but as an actor. What Kael meant was his supposed lack of sophistication as a filmmaker; to carry this comparison forward, to me, it never seems that Cassavetes is directing in a film, it seems that Cassavetes has implanted within his own creation, as Orson Welles. Cassavetes is as brilliant as Welles, but much more important as a true artist (as opposed to a technical or rhetorical). This is like a cross between Italian passion (though Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have the inner demons been so exposed physically. <br /> <br /> It is the mystery of becoming, of acting and of acting. Like a haunted record from Skip James, he has echoes of ghosts everywhere. Rowlands' collapses, which are narcotic and quasi-operatic, surprising from Cassavetes, are accompanied by a haunting and disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it's amazing to find this kind of thing in a Cassavetes movie, just the ostentatious display of intelligence (there's also a brief voice at the beginning). But then, he was always smart, he just never stirred for easy praise. This is not "Adaptation"; here the blend of reality and fiction and drama is not to show intelligence, but to show the inner turmoil and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There's a lot going on. Pure and joyful love when Rowlands greets his doorman; the horror when it hits ... The scene in which the girl talks about how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some roots of this in "A Star Is Born," and Almodovar lent it to "All About My Mother." I think the ending is a little disappointing because of the laughter, but the preparation for it is almost unhealthy. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite its urgency in many of the scenes, is a relatively small point about the movie.) <br /> <br /> It's a living thing that breathes and it looks like a process : could go in any direction at any time. Like "Taste of Cherry," we are reminded that "you should never forget that this is just a play." However, it's dangerous: when Rowlands says that line, is it a big drama? How will the audience be? Is she being thoughtful or does she just not care? His collapses (of characters) are incorporated into the performances and finally to the film in such a way that it's like witnessing a woman James Dean. 10/10
