Yesterday, I went to the monthly antique market that comes to the city. I really have no interest in such things, but I went to the fellowship of friends who have such interest. Looking at the hundreds of vendors, going through many of them quickly, I saw someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he had on DVD were fairly recent; the oldest I noticed was the 1940 co-star, Cary Grant-Irene Dunne, MY FAVORITE WIFE. But VHS tapes, by their very nature, were mostly older films. I could not resist buying SOMETHING since they were being sold on 3 tapes for $ 10.00. What a bargain, as Eddie Murphy used to say. I came across a movie that I had heard years ago but had never seen: NIGHT OPENING by John Cassavettes (1977). Well, I certainly wanted to be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I heard that this movie contained one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I had seen this for about 20 years, when I probably did not have enough experience to enjoy it completely. And I wanted to take advantage of the bargain, so I took that too. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to leave aside the work I had planned to do to be able to watch the OPENING NIGHT. I was totally delighted with this movie. She focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous theater and film actress who, during out-of-town performances, is having personal and professional problems to deal with the character and the theme of the aging piece. After a rehearsal, an avid fan and hound dog approaches her with cries (and tears) of "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and dead. This begins with Myrtle's downfall, where she faces her own fears of aging, the future of her mature acting career, and the inadequacies she finds in the play itself (written by a much older playwright, played by Joan Blondell) . Throughout the film, she sees the dead girl, an obvious symbol of her past; drinks almost constantly; and receives insincere support from his director (Ben Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), his costar (John Cassavettes) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how her behavior will affect them and their careers: pitching lines onstage, improvising new lines, usually coming onstage, and arriving at the totally drunken Broadway opening. <br /> <br /> This story works not only to solve the problems of aging, but also to promote the displeasure of Cassavettes with conventional film production. While watching the movie, sometimes I was surprised, confused, amused, derogatory, but ultimately involved, entertained and satisfied. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, he cared a lot that his audience understood what he was suggesting, and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He alludes to ALL ABOUT EVE with the use of the avid theater fan, even wearing the hoodie and hat similar to that used by Anne Baxter at the beginning of the film. This allusion works most obviously to support your aging theme, the contrast of the older and younger woman. He also obviously uses contrast as a symbol for Myrtle confronting his own lost youth. At first I felt that the symbolism was VERY obvious, but then I realized that this was Cassavettes' intention. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he is doing; if they did, would interfere with their emotional involvement. This specter of youth haunts Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually "kills" her, but before she can actually come to terms with herself and the play, she must get to the bottom (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes makes her so drunk that she can not walk and needs to crawl into the dressing room the night the play starts on Broadway. She resurrects herself (helping herself out of such situations is also important for the theme of the film) and makes the play a success, giving a great performance and changing the direction of the game for better, improvising so that it contains some lightning of hope for the film. aging character she is playing. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually did the play in front of the live audience, who knew and did not know they would be part of a movie. The piece they are doing also acts as a contrast: it is mainstream and selfish about the issues it addresses, that is, until Myrtle changes its outcome. In doing so, it also improves the work of its co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and among humans, subjective realism, and universal truth-these were Cassavette's preoccupations with making films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing everywhere. Of course, she has that wonderful face, and Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her throughout the wedding) treats us of innumerable closes so we can feel her emotions and know what's going on inside her. She makes you care so much about this character that you want her out of this soul crisis. And that's what draws attention to the 2 hours and 30 minutes in duration. The film is deliberately stimulated at times and requires constant attention, but anyone who has an interest in making movies and having great performances will be rewarded. Someone said that this is a movie for people who love movies. Everyone else should be warned. <br /> <br /> Look for the opening night if you've never seen it. Everyone is great, and it's one of the best Cassavette films.
