*** out of **** **** Yes! Dressed To Kill is that kind of movie. It's like Kalifornia, but it's different. Remember? This 1993 film, starring Brad Pitt as a serial killer, is "welcomed" by a couple of travelers on a trip to California as a friend who can be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot before I watch it, because surprises can get even better. So it was with Kalifornia. When I watched last year for the first time, I never realized it was a thriller, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the movie went on, it got even better and I was on the edge of my seat, almost kissing my monitor, so close I was for it! So we're arguing about Dressed To Kill, right? Before watching this movie (today!), I only watched two other films by Brian De Palma, so I can say that I'm not sure what he does, but I can say from a distance that these two movies for me were as big as they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I was really desperate to get a copy on DVD and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible too. And today I watched a third DePalma movie. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like Kalifornia. When the movie continues, it goes completely different than you'd expect. I was watching, very curious, the scene of the museum, where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his taxi and they end up together in an apartment. You can guess what may have happened there. But when the movie hit the elevator scene, the movie went completely in a different way. I was watching the rest of the movie and I really enjoyed it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something, but he never said anything! This was totally ridiculous and was definitely something that made me change my mind for not accepting this movie as at least almost like a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened at the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, pulls her into the cab and they begin to kiss. You know, this reminded me of the 70's Mexican TV series "El Chavo Del 8," where some characters are completely silent. Going beyond these lows of the movie is actually a great movie considering the thriller, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Detective Marino! He reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same type of character. <br /> <br /> Well, concluding this review, the end of Dressed To Kill is the same end of Carrie! I do not know if I really liked this, because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma movie, so it's not actually an imitation because after all it was his idea! But it became a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream the same way it does with Amy Irving in Carrie's final scene. Of course this was, without a doubt, another low point. But if you go through that, you'll see that Dressed to Kill is a really good movie, and I guarantee it's by no means a waste of time watching it.
