I just watched Dressed to Kill, which was written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had the "R" version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. As I have yet to see the rating "R" version, I can not be completely sure of the difference. There is, however, a very graphic female graphics nudity, including an explicit self-gratification expression scene in this version. I think you could call that scene of soft core porn. If this kind of thing can offend you, I suggest you see the "R" rated version.but I digress.Any comment hereafter refers to the unrated.this version is a mystery of murder / psychological horror / thriller.There is very little violence and yet there is a sequence of deaths in which the act of killing itself is quite explicit. However, the blood itself does not seem real. It's reminiscent of how a 1970s horror movie would look. I believe this is done deliberately to compensate for the violence of the act itself, to give the scene a little more I think most of the violence, or rather the possibility of it is implied. The film is very well paced. As far as I can tell, each scene had a purpose, which I find very rare compared to many of today's movies. Anyway, I also thought the acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. And Micheal Cane does a discreet performance in his role, which works brilliantly in this case. The movie also has a big twist in my head, although some people may find this predictable. the only complaint (and it really is one more remark) is that I found that the character played by Nancy Allen could have been more developed especially considering she has a fair amount of time on the screen. I think she does a good job of what she's given. And that really does not detract from the quality of the movie. The film also has a strong moral, which is even more relevant today. I really liked the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi felt it was very similar to the original Psycho.a music to me, this song really elevated the film. I thought this movie was brilliant. for me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
