May contain minor spoilers. Dressed to Kill, having just seen it the first time the other day, is a movie with some fantastic sequences, some decent performances and a good, though obvious, imitation of Hitchcock, plot twist at the end . It is simply too bad that certain things, quite obvious, prevent it from being a classic. Dressed to Kill deals with a mystery of a murderer who killed at least two women (it could have been more, but the movie never tells us), and the killer's search for three people: a smart boy whose mother was a victim, an animated prostitute whose only person capable of identifying the murderer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of the intelligent and hurt boy. There are a number of well-made performances, including Nancy Allen as the prostitute Liz, Angie Dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot, whose more hidden than it seems; although by default it is not someone really excellent. On the other hand, Denis Franz, later a great character on the same line as the NYPD Blue series, is embarrassing as an exaggerated, ruthless and obnoxious detective, although he has little time on the screen to avoid hassling much of the film. Keith Gordon, the son of the brain, is decent, but he is almost too intelligent to be truly believable. <br /> <br /> What holds me most in the movie are the tense sequences. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother in the museum is thrilling and well made, as well as the subsequent sequence leading to her premature death. I also love the sequel in the doctor's office, which reveals the killer's identity, which really makes the whole movie come together at once. And there's a split-screen scene that I found almost classic. There is yet another situation where Liz is on a train, fleeing from what may be the killer, who is taken in directions that she should never have with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a suspense, it is tense and almost always believable. As a criminal drama, he usually fails, especially with the incomplete and ridiculous explanation of everything that happened in the end. There is also a dream sequence unnecessary and too long at the end, in which they had the audacity to shoot someone for what seemed like minutes at a time. This was an experience up and down; one scene took me by heart and mind with temptation, and the next made me squirm and ask why. In over 100 minutes this could have been less than 90 years and have been a better movie. <br /> <br /> Freak horror fans should like this. It's still a better movie than most of today's horror films. Maybe it was a better movie in your day, but having just seen it recently, I can say I like it, and it's worth watching my three favorite scenes alone.
