Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) having a sexually explicit nightmare, later that day she visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session in which she admits being sexually frustrated and dissatisfied in her current marriage. Kate then visits a museum and picks up a stranger, they return to their apartment for casual sex, when Kate is ready to leave but is attacked and killed in the elevator of the building by a razor blade wielding a blonde woman. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the horrible scene and sees the killer, but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) claims to suspect Liz as the killer, as there are no other witnesses, so Liz joins Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to track down the real killer, clear Liz's name and see that the Justice is over. . <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma, I thought Dressed to Kill was a good mystery of solid psychological murder. The script is measured and slow at times, but he likes to focus on the character so you really know them, the first twenty minutes are developing Kate as a character before she is suddenly killed, so the movie shifts your attention to Liz & no one else takes a look. In this way, Dressed to Kill is quite absorbing and engaging, unfortunately the characters themselves are not exactly nice. I've found some of the dialogues quite funny at times, especially the dirty talk that Liz speaks occasionally. The motives of the killers are a little plausible, but I think you'd have to be too confused to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it did not excite me very much and I did not really find any character to cheer or like. The film marks an unnecessary and unnecessary end that I really did not understand. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma directs with style and visual style, from the sequence of the art museum to a chase of cars and a whole is impeccably filmed everywhere. I imagine all the scenes of Dressed to Kill have been used a lot. I felt that the film was a bit flat and uninspired at times, nothing about it really excited me much. There is a bit of nudity, sex and rape along with a few pieces of blood and violence, Kate's razor-shake murder in the lift is the highlight if it's the right word. However, it is by no means as shocking or controversial when seen today as many would have you believe. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of about $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill has that brilliant high-producing feel of a Hollywood movie. The locations in New York are good, cinematography is good and as a whole it is extremely well made. I thought the music was inappropriate and was very loud and intrusive. The acting is good, but despite its billing, I do not think Caine has had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time Dressed to Kill was made, interestingly enough from the four films in which she appeared in De Palma in two of them, This & Blow Out (1981), he climbed her as a prostitute. A double body was used for Dickinson while she delights in a bath in the beginning. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a good thriller worth watching, but I do not think it has. is high reputation. Good, but not brilliant.
