Dressed to Kill understandably made a fuss when released in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic, as Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums (and there in apartment lifts), plus Nancy Allen as a program girl, Michael Caine as Norman Bates's cousin in New York, and enough footage to last two films of the period. Today it's a little less incriminating by standards and such, although the unrated version has some of the hottest content of any De Palma movie, at least in its quasi-author period of the '70s and early' 80s, where he seemed to repeat themes more and more, ideas drawn from the rolls of classic Hitchcock films and brought to light. It is a simple tale that has already been seen in sisters, and then again in an extension in Body Double, and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays the program girl Liz Blake, who has to clear his name from suspected killing Kate (Dickinson, in 'MILF' mode), after being found with a razor, the murder weapon of Dr. Elliott's office (Michael Caine, the most cold stone performance of the way). From the outset, that De Palma seems to do as a way to create a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to headline the opening scene of Carrie (which perhaps he does only in terms of editing), we have a number of technical changes from the standpoint of the style itself: the shots of tracking in the museum, made to arouse another fascination with the process. in itself, to follow and want to be followed, than any kind of tension; the pursuit through the subway (a forerunner of Carlito's Way) is done with a precise level of suspense, meanwhile, with a small piece of exploration played with the black gang; the character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who interprets what is essentially a younger version of real life De Palma as a child (science geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all fun and fascinating as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique while being consciously uncontaminated by a fearless attitude of making movies. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, that same self-consciousness eventually came back to bite the director on the butt a few times in the past few years, and somehow in Dressed to Kill, it starts to get very erratic and disappointing as the story ends. As the Psycho themes come together even more seemingly (man who wants a change of sex, does not even think he is killing as it is * she * who is doing it), there is an expository scene at the police station that does the aforementioned O Hitch movie looks like an amazing psychological revelation. And the final scenes in Peter's house, also painfully recalling the memory of a much more accomplished sequence in Carrie, are intended for a manipulation that, even for De Palma, is asking for it; the final shot, especially though a masters class on how to copy. However, there is a very disturbed and intrinsically perfect scene in the psychiatric hospital amid this confusing outcome, in which the doctor does work with a nurse, to whom all other inmates act like animals in a zoo, and an excess of head. A shot that goes up and down the scene is one of the best sex / general perversion scenes ever captured in the movie. <br /> <br /> A shame, then, that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, where up until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema where the class is in all technical aspects (soft, intricate camera movements seemingly so simple) amid subjects that must be found in the blending of pocket books for 25 cents. It's not a masterpiece, but I would certainly take on most of the director's recent thrillers any day.
