This is a tense suspense masterpiece by Brian De Palma with incredible performances around! It's extremely suspenseful, and often scary, and the punctuation is fantastic, plus all the characters are amazing. Yes, that takes a lot of Psycho, but it's still a horror thriller, with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable ending! This is undoubtedly one of the best horror / thriller I've ever seen, and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes of all time, plus Michael Caine is simply amazing at it! The ending is excellent, and the hospital scene near the end is absolutely terrifying, plus the final twist shocked the hell out of me!. It never ceased to scare me, and the staffing sequences are absolutely brilliant, and Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon had a fantastic chemistry together! This is a masterpiece of suspense by Brian De Palma, with incredible performances all over! The direction is incredible!. Brian De Palma does an incredible job here with amazing camera work, amazing angles, fantastic color usage, incredible zoom in and zoom of great POV photos and keeping the movie at a very fast pace! There's a little blood. We have bloody stabbings, stab wounds, bloody bullet wounds and two bloody throats. The acting is incredible! Michael Caine is amazing here, he's amazing in the acting department, scary, he's very friendly, he was mysterious, and he really just did an amazing job overall I loved him! (Rules of Caine!). Angie Dickinson performs a memorable performance here, was quite beautiful and had good chemistry with Caine. Nancy Allen is unbelievably beautiful !, and it's fantastic here, she's extremely friendly as a prostitute, had great chemistry with Keith Gordon, and put on a tremendous show! Keith Gordon is very good as the kid, he had excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen, and was very nice!. Dennis Franz is good as a detective. Overall, this is arguably one of the best horror movies of all time, and I say you should do what you are doing right away and go see it!. 5 out of 5
