In France, it is considered polished by French critics to genuflect the apparently cohesive stream of films that Brian De Palma left behind. However, a good part of his films is marked by bombastic effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) not to mention his Hitchcock loans. Here in "Dressed to Kill," it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator inevitably makes you think of the sequel to the shower anthology in "Psycho" (1960) . . About our film involved, I do not want to relive the old debate: De Palma starts Hitchcock? Instead, I would tend to be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category of the winners of De Palma, alongside "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). However, some reservations and they are the ones I previously enumerated that feed the quarrels between rabid fans De Palma and his detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is one right thing about "Dressed to Kill", which can generate a general agreement among movie lovers, it is the virtuosity of De Palma's direction. He wields his camera like a filmmaker's expert should do. His sophisticated camera work brilliantly stimulates suspense, which implies an increase in tension and an uncomfortable aura. The audience is easily glued in front of the screen. This is aided by the use of various silent sequences during which everything depends on appearance and gestures. By the way, in "Psycho" there were also long silent and suspenseful parts ... <br /> <br /> But the main disadvantage of the De Palma's 1980 vintage is that plot quality can not be found missing . and seems to be a repetition of many futile and formulated ingredients pertaining to an incalculable number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. So she is suspected by the police and has to act on her own (with a little help from the victim's son on the subway scene onwards) to track down the killer and prove her innocence. In addition to the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that for once is not humiliated, it is a menu that reeks of reheating. And the filmmaker ends his film in a sequence that echoes to the opening. Yes, it is superbly filmed, but when its real function is discovered, it is figured: "it is an almost gratuitous filling". Maybe De Palma wanted to stretch his film beyond an hour and a half when, at that time, the viewer knows (and even before) who the killer is. <br /> <br /> The two main sources of De Palma's set of themes articulate. depends on manipulation and voyeurism. This last theme is very present in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene onwards, which makes the film look almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his main actress and wife, Nancy Allen, in underwear. I find his approach to this subject quite doubtful. But perhaps the first sequence was designed to be a mirror of the viewer and De Palma wanted to shake his peeping side. <br /> <br /> I do not want to belittle De Palma's work. His prestige work on directing, involving a communicative treatment of the cinema, rescues the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy he aroused among moviegoers is not ready to slow down.
