Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is having trouble in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity puts her in trouble, it also involves a viewer, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who engages in an investigation to discover the identity of a psychopath. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a bit historically important. It is one of the earliest examples of a contemporary style of suspense that, at the time of writing, has extensions all the way to Hide and Seek (2005). It's strange, then, that director Brian De Palma was basically trying to convince Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally lifts parts of Vertigo (1958) to the infamous Dressed to Kill museum scene. Dressed for scenes of bath of Kill, as well as its villain and method of death have similarities with Psico (1960). De Palma also employs a prominent track with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer, Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not stop there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, by accident or skill, manages to make an oblique change, or perhaps transcend, his influence, with Dressed to Kill having an attitude, structure, and flow that has been influential. Perhaps partially because of this influence, Dressed to Kill is also deeply flawed when viewed at this time. Countless subsequent directors have taken De Palma out of Hitchcock and perfected it, perfecting almost every element, so that now, after 25 years of influenced thrillers, much of Dressed to Kill seems agonizingly stimulated, structurally clumsy and reckless. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the film that unfortunately has not been improved are the sex and nudity scenes of Dressed to Kill. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us with full frontal nudity (Allen is from a very distorted angle), and De Palma has pictures of Dickinson's breasts, implicit masturbation, and more visceral sex scenes than those found in contemporary films. Many scenes deal with soft-core pornography. I'm not a fan of modesty - quite the opposite. The puritanical, monogamous and protected attitude of our culture to sex and nudity is disturbing to me. So from my point of view, it is unfortunate that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on meat and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not followed suit or have outgrown the film. Maybe it was wanted, but they were not allowed to follow suit because of cultural controls of conservative plush shirts. <br /> <br /> De Palma's cinematography direction and the staging of some scenes are also good enough. difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He takes a strange, feature-rich approach to close-ups, and enjoys interesting angle scenes such as aerial views and James Whale-like tracking through far-off cutscenes. Of course the later directors were more flashy, but it's hard to say that they were better. View of the feat of filming at least the scene of the museum is remarkable in its ability to build a very subtle tension on a lost glove and a glance or two as Kate follows the intrinsically nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. On the other hand, from the point of view of caring about the story, and especially if someone is waiting to watch a thriller, everything through the museum scene and a little beyond can seem very slow and silly. Because of his removal of the main genre of the film and his main concern with the flippant direction (as well as cultural facts outside of the film), the opening seems like a not very well integrated attempt to excite and be risky. Once the first murder occurs, things get better, but because of the film's possible influence, much of the improvement now seems a little cliché and occasionally corny. <br /> <br /> Presentations are good, although Michael Caine is underused, and Dickinson has to leave sooner than we would like (but output is necessary and very effective). Dressed to Kill is at least likely to hold your interest to the end, but because of facts not contained in the image itself, it did not exactly age well. At this point, it may be best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that time - of some aspects of De Palma's direction.
