I just watched The Groove Tube I first saw about 23 years ago, when I was a teenager, getting into my bedtime watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. We had also watched Animal House a little before that, so we saw two films that starred a former SNL student and had some bare breasts. Thank God our parents were sleeping all the time! Anyway, there were a lot of weird and funny things in this movie that opened their eyes like the Brown 25 sequence of commercial Uranus Industries ("with the taste of meat stew", says the announcer as what is apparently human excrement comes from a tube Ewww!) or the face of the doll talking about VD (a scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their movie debut here. Chase is hilarious if you do a Geritan spot with a woman undressing, having your hands have sex in the commercial "Let Fingers Do It" or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer / director Ken Shapiro drumming his hands in your head. Belzer joins Shapiro in "The Dealers," and "Channel One Evening News" with Belzer as a black prostitute trying to fool reporter Ken, who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, this sounds like a train I'm going to ride like a Choo-Choo!" Other scandalous episodes include "The Koko Show," with Shipiro as a child clown presenter who, after ordering "people over ten" to leave the room, reads requests from his viewers as "Fanny Hill" ! Or how about the Olympics segment with a German couple making love being announced by two men (one of them Spanish) as they are explicit, while "Please Stand By" continues to interrupt the screen! Or the animated segment in "The Dealers," which shows dancing bathrooms after Shapiro ingested some marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the satire "Four Leaf Clover," at the end there is a very entertaining musical segment with Ken doing synchronizing his own recording of "Just You, Just Me" while dancing in a suit and briefcase around town with occasional police writer Lane Sarashn) . So in short, this is a strange and funny movie that seemed to influence others like movies (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the first star of the show) and, despite some dated elements, have fun today PS While I enjoyed listening to Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up," during the gorilla ride / ride start sequence, I wondered what was the sequence of the hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up, running out of the car, . the race, and then the naked man gets caught by the police officer who stopped on the road. I think it's one of those things from the 70's ...
