You know what they say about the 70's .. if you can remember them you were not there. One of the few things I remember about the '70s was the first hippy and hip social satire as seen from a totally' underground 'perspective or counter-culture .. The Groove Tube. If the mood seems faded or foolish now to some viewers, it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is not 'cool' anymore ... but hey! When this movie was released, it was the first ... and some of these skits were being made for the first time ... at a time when Nixon was in power, the Vietnam war was in a rage, the sexual revolution was in full swing. and J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a movie made before Watergate broke and as such was one of the first to have a major hit on the establishment .. to make fun of him and the hippies at the same time. And frankly, some skits are still dead. If you liked "Up In Smoke" by Cheech and Chong ... you'll love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the '70s were like ... check out Groove Tube ... if you liked the Oscar-winning "Network" about the same year and thought you were right on the brand in your wild gaze on the TV, you will dig the Groove Tube .. that picks up on the theme, but plays from the angle of the viewers..the young viewers who were turning off the TV in favor of other entertainments .... We had been created in Ozzie & Harriet "Leave it to Beaver", father knows best, my three children..Happy days ... so imagine our joy when those of us who were experimenting with the new lifestyles were able to see sending the box as seen from our perspective! Only commercials of the Uranos corporation are invaluable. "Good things come from Uranus" ... and the sudden smash of the film straight to Fritz, Cat-like animation, when hippies eat grass, is still one of the best followed by Uranus. and out of sanity I've seen in the movie. <br /> <br /> If you liked Kentucky Fried Movie, you'll love this movie. And if you ever wondered why your Uncle Harold still has a wicked glow in your eyes when you think of your college days ... this would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Accept what it is. ..a memory of the times ... and a little cheeky movie that will help all of us forget the 70s to remember them again.
