"Once upon a time there was a lovely land called France ... People lived happily at that time. Women were easy and men indulged in their favorite pastime: war, the only re-creation of kings that people could enjoy." The war in question was the Seven Years' War, and when it was noted that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers, recruiters were sent to replenish the ranks. <br /> <br /> And so it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught falling into a farmer's daughter in a pile of hay, fled the marriage by enlisting in the Aquitaine Regiment ... but only believing first his future as predicted by a gypsy, that he will gain fame and fortune in His Majesty's uniform and marry the king's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the daughter of the regimental recruiting sergeant. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan expels the recruits, with the saber in hand to rescue a carriage attacked, who should be inside, but the Marquise de Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. He is now convinced that he will marry high, despite the extremely low-cut sweaters that Adeline wears. She, in turn, will soon discover her own love for Fanfan. We are in the middle of an irreverent movie of Fanfan's fate, the adventures of a spy and a rogue who fights with swords. There are escapes from hangings, sword fights on tile roofs, battles battles, romantic escapades and more joy than you can imagine. What is lacking in Polish Fanfan he makes up for irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a quick swordsman and a fast-talking lover, but with such a naive belief in his fate and such an optimistic nature, how can we not like him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic actor of theater and theater (which Francois Truffaut constantly discredited in the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his own acrobatics. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. The men admired him and the women dreamed about him. He was dead at age 36, seven years after Fanfan, with liver cancer. All of France lamented. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline holds. It's not those low-cut blouses that do their job. She is sharp, passionate, not completely innocent and not stupid. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe just sings along with endless satirical action, striking situations and good nature. Not to mention the fun and bitter dialogue. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from the hanging, she meets the king in his private chambers. "Give me your handsome hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks your heart?" says the king: "All I ask is a little pleasure." "I'm a proper girl," says Adeline. My caprices allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying by it the loyalty you have sworn. " Now that's clever, funny. Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut, and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to loathe popular films as mere entertainment (and customized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among its main targets. They probably missed the point of Fanfan, which is a very funny satire about the lack of purpose of armies and war. How much better it must have seemed to make movies of anguish that only the filmmakers could appreciate. Thanks to God, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, have overcome this childish condescension and come to recognize that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just the cognoscenti. An intelligent person who likes movies can appreciate anyone if the movies are well made. Those who are patronizing a film based on their degree of popularity are as self-degrading as those who boast of never having read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
