This is the last of four French bucks I scheduled to see during this Christmas season: the others (in order of display) were the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964; the same director as this, but not so good); the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979), and the splendid CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I had watched this not so long ago on late-night Italian TV and I remember not being very impressed with it, so I was genuinely surprised at how much I liked it this time (also bearing in mind the disconcerting lack). of enthusiasm shown for the movie here and elsewhere when it was first announced as a DVD release of Criterion). In fact, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a lot in common with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not only cast and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, director of photography Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert) , but the plot too? in fact, the hero is a womanizer soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche also had a brief military spell) who is loved by a fiery girl (in this case, the gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while himself is obsessed with an impossible love here, none other than the king's daughter)! As in the later film, Fanfan (an ideally named Gerard Philipe, who, ironically, is so full of life here that he finds it difficult to believe that he would be affected by cancer within 7 years) is flanked by two fun and cowardly men (one of them is actually his superior officer and heroine's own father) and opposed by an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks (the old Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually engages in a duel on the roof since he also loves the gypsy girl ); For the record, Lollobrigida will join Philippe in his next film, the charming romantic fantasy of René Clair, LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN proved to be a blockbuster in its home territory and even surpassed an astonishing (but well deserved) Best Director award at Cannes on more renowned films such as AN American IN Paris (1951) , DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity secured its relaunch in a colorful version of computer (presumably for the benefit of spectators who would not touch a black and white product with a three-meter stick) and the Criterion DVD itself contains a sample of this variant ; being obviously a foreign language title, there is also the dubious choice of a soundtrack dubbed in English, but even if it is not especially painful to be considered, when all is said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original! FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to the hero by a young Genevieve Page as the celebrated Madame De Pompadour) contains as much comedy as the expected action and romance; while some might find this overwhelming, I do not agree with myself, for I have enjoyed the strongly satirical narration, and in general this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's equally entertaining, THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). That said, sword fighting here is remarkably strong for an essentially carefree undertaking (particularly a fight in the woods and an ambush in a convent) and the film itself quite adult at times (with numerous allusions to sexuality as well as rough language adopted) when viewed side by side with vintage Hollywood like I did now; the climax, then, is ingenious enough: the enemy forces (which, hilariously, are made to speak in hasty jargon!) are exhausted only by our heroic trio, much to the king's astonishment that, as portrayed by Marcel Herrand ?? best known for his role as leader of the Parisian underworld in CHILDREN OF PARADISE by Marcel Carne (1945)? is himself a kind of libertine. PS An Italian TV channel has threatened to spend months promising Christian-Jaque's CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) for months, but despite having already scheduled three times (with a fourth attempt for the next week), they still have not demonstrated; even so, I have three more films of him in my VHS stack (also chosen from TV shows in Italy): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948; also starring Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN 1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
