Why a series of stupid, boring, overrated movies like "Star Wars" has all the excitement, and a really incredible movie like that is not noticed ... it's beyond me ... This movie will really open your eyes to the dark, disturbing, sad and scary world in which we live ... <br /> <br /> Unlike the annoying "Elephant", this film is not one of those "just a typical day until some movies are played." This film focuses more on what happens after the event ... Deana, played by the very hot and talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and healthy student with great friends and a great life ... until ... she is injured on the day of the shooting, being shot in the head .. Fortunately she is not dead but is seriously injured and has to stay in the hospital for a while, causing her to be in a lot of emotional pain, besides physical ... <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Alicia, played by the also very beautiful and talented Busy Phillips, is a lousy, cold-hearted, rebellious, gothic anti-social girl who does not have a single positive trait in her ... and she is unharmed when the shooting happens ... because it turns out she was FRIEND with the and knew that he would do what he did ... that causes her to be taken to the police station and asked a few questions. When she refused to tell the police if she knew the shooting would happen, they would constantly come to her house to try to convince her to say something ... and she still has not, so the headmaster makes her attend the funeral of one of the students killed, and after she leaves, the director decides enough, and forces her to go visit Deana in the hospital .. Of course she also refuses this, but the director says that if Alicia does not do it, the cops will keep trying to get her to say something ... and then she's really going to see her ... <br /> <br /> The lonely, traumatized, and physically and emotionally wounded Deana is more than happy to have Someone can visit her, but of course, Alicia is all but happy to see her .. Deana tries to give her a friendly reception, but of course Alicia responds with nothing but harsh and painful comments and a harsh statement about as she is only here because she is being forced, and has no intention of be friendly with her. But sooner or later, that intention will change ... (and that's all I'm going to say :) This is really one of the most moving movies of all time, as well as one of the most obscure and disturbing .. In fact , I think I would tie this up with "American History X" as equally disturbing and moving at the same time ... <br /> <br /> WARNING: Watch this movie at your own risk !! Contains VERY graphic scenes and images! EXCELLENT and criminally underrated movie! I feel so ashamed that I am practically the only one who knows this!
