This is a story of the Winchester Rifle Model 1873 "The weapon that won the West" For cowman, bandit, peace officer or soldier, the Winchester 73 was a cherished good. An Indian would sell his soul to own one ... <br /> <br /> The Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart, a duo that would create a series of senior states that added a new psychological depth for the genre. The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam chasing the man who killed his father. Entering Dodge City with his faithful friend Johnny Williams (Millard Mitchell), Lin meets Dutchman Henry Brown (Stephen McNally), the man he wants. But with Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) having taken all the guns of those who entered the city, both men are unable to have the gunfire they are ready for. Instead, men compete to win a Winchester 73 rifle, a competition that Lin eventually wins. But before he can leave town with the magnificent prize, the Dutchman ambushes him, steals his shotgun and jumps the city quickly. When Lin begins to chase men and rifles, the rifle changes hands several times, each time adding another dimension as the day of reckoning for all approaches. <br /> <br /> Referring to what became known as the so-called "Western Psychological," Winchester 73 is basically a story of a decent man led to insanity bordering on an event in his past. Tho shot in black and white {the only one of the western duos it was} the landscapes are still breathtaking feasts for the eyes. The tone is set with the opening scene as Lin and Johnny on horseback, and silhouettedly, roll over a slope as they head for Dodge City. It is only the starting point that would see Mann using his sights as a way of running in parallel with the emotional states of his characters. Stewart gives one of his best and most intense performances as McAdam, proving once and for all that he was one of the best actors in America and more versatile. The support cast is not bad either. Shelley Winters is excellent as the only female in the midst of machismo, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and the always great Dan Duryea add more class to the proceedings. There are even small parts for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson here, as the latter playing a brave Indian is very difficult. <br /> <br /> Originally, the film was a project for Fritz Lang, who even had the script ready. to run. But Lang walked away, something that proved to be a boon to Western fans. For a director as big as Lang, with Mann directing {with a new script by Borden Chase and Robert Richards in hand}, he set the wheels in motion to alter the course of the genre. Not only with the additional efforts Mann & Stewart produced, but also with whom they influenced. The likes of Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller were all taking notes, and merrily to the Western purists, they followed suit and took the psychological torch even further. <br /> <br /> A big box office hit back at the release, Winchester 73 is a magnificent movie that still has an impact on the modern era. 9,5 / 10
