The narrative affirms the classic image of good versus evil in the form of a brother-versus-brother struggle. The main character, Lin Macadam, played by James Stewart, represents justice and righteousness. His brother, who works under the personality of Dutchman Henry Brown, played by Stephen McNally, defends the classic theater coach stealing a Western bandit, pursued by his brother for killing his father. The world in which history takes place is the classic dystopian west where the only way to prevent its inhabitants from killing each other is to take their weapons as soon as they enter the city, and the man responsible for maintaining that law and order is the classic West. Wyat Earp. Also present are such flat characters, typical of the Western world as the Indian warrior killer, the besieged knight, and the afflicted hood maiden. <br /> <br /> Another important archetype in this film, which gives the film its name, is a bespoke Winchester rifle. The weapon can be seen as an allegory of the rewards given to those who do things with honor. Once stolen from its rightful owner, it brings tragedy to all who come into contact with it. In that sense, it resembles other icons such as the holy grail in Raiders of the Lost Ark and the bloodstained letter in The Rescue of Private Ryan. This gives the film an element of surrealism that is usually absent from westerns, a genre not known for esoteric themes and symbols. Being essentially a revenge movie, he shares this element with many other examples of the genre, such as Jack Arnold's No Name on the Bullet and Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven. <br /> <br /> There is also a tacit rape theme at Winchester '73. Waco Johnny Dean, one of the movie's villains played very effectively by Dan Duryea, kidnaps a woman after killing her husband. The volatile cowboy toys with the tender husband, and dispatches it like a caricature of a cat playing with an insect before biting its head. Waco Johnny Dean finally gets what is coming to him after contacting the rifle Winchester rifle. <br /> <br /> The main story of Winchester '73 is reminiscent of Jason's mythological tale and his quest for the golden fleece, as stated in Argonautica of Apollonius. Both stories deal with the acquisition of a sacred object that has some kind of intangible quality. Like Jason, Stewart's character jumps from one adventure to the next in pursuit of a unique prize. Another theme in Winchester '73 that is similar to a mythical tale is the sibling struggle. Several stories of antiquity deal with this issue, such as the Hebrew Bible tale of Cain and Abel, and the tale of Romulus and Remus' vulgate. As for the subject of abduction and rape in Anthony Mann's film, he is present in many mythological works, such as the rape of Europe told by Ovid in his Metamorphoses. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 is a fine example of the western genre, and acts as a correlative goal for many classic American and ancient Western mythological themes.
