One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, shootings, etc., but deals with a rifle, the Winchester '73, and how that rifle affects others and how they affect it. An rifle is not a living, breathing human being, right? You may be inclined to believe it is not. But it seems to have a mind of its own, for two very similar reasons: it returns to its legitimate owner in the end, even though throughout the rest of the image, its disgraced "owners" do their best to make sure they do not, and it never seems be content until he returns to his original owner, then, coincidentally, the disgraced "owners" always seem to lose him somehow or be killed trying to protect him and keep him, until he comes back to James. Stewart, so it's "content." But not all owners deserve to have it. Stewart, of course, since he won. McNally did not, since he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake definitely not because he would probably lose him in some poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a single rifle if he did not use it? Duryea does not, because he's just a maniac, and we all know that maniacs laugh do not deserve weapons. This film has a kind of noir advantage that only Westerners can have, such as the Bull-Bow Incident. Westerns have their own noir type, very different from the Bogart movies of the 1930s and '40s. It's certainly the best of all five Westerns in Stewart-Mann, although my favorite is "The River's Curve." The other four became very different than this. I do not think it's a coincidence to see that the other four were colored, and this is black and white. This is because of the edge of the noir. All five films had revenge and Stewart's dark past was part of the film, to the point where this is not only Stewart's dark side, but also a character type, not one to be listed in the credits, but one that you can only recognize and know that it is there, always present. However, this not only about revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of supreme danger, and characters who were very different from Stewart, outweigh the other four in all respects. But Stewart never crosses the line. He, however, walks in the line between light and darkness. That's why black and white played such an important part in the film. They could have all been in black and white, or all of them could have been colors. But this is in black and white, and the other four are in color, and there is a good reason for that.
