Larger figures than the life of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and the specters of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, hover over director Anthony Mann's immensely fun western with James Stewart. Although Stewart's quest to avenge his father's murder is the main one, Winchester '73 is actually a part of the group, with the homonym weapon, one in a thousand, passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including an ironic trader (John McIntire ). , especially large) and outlaw Dan Duryea, who is even more despicable than usual. The blend of fiction and film history produces a cheerful rhythm and ambivalent tone brilliantly in tune with Mann's rigorous and compositional filmmaking. Her themes of psychological unrest and past dictates underlie this tale of good and evil men pursuing a fictitious weapon, but they appear in a vignette about her husband's cowardice and failed attempt at atonement, and are defined in Stewart's conversations with the sidekick Millard Mitchell. Mann's use of the environment is what sets him apart from other western filmmakers. Instead of contemplating the sights from afar, he incorporates them into the drama as characters who redirect, complicate, or evoke the goals of human characters. Just as the mountains, caves, and rapids had to be explained in The Naked Spur, here a shooting occurs between loose rocks and pebbles of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatalistically determines the roles of winner and victim between two equally skilled shooters . . (I would be remiss not to recognize the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, particularly his superlative open-air photography at night.) Not just a fan of outdoor life, Mann presents an equally vivid image of patrolled Dodge City by Wyatt Earp, mainly through multi-plane stepwise scaling. The shooting contest does not rely on rapid camera changes or twisted cuts for effect because Mann instinctively knows where to position the camera and how to move it to display the highest density of information in a given shot. Nor does it bother to enunciate the plot in dialogue, relying on actors' eyes or a well-chosen image to convey the stakes. One particular scene serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell is telling about Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, who is interrupted by the climactic shooting that soon reveals everything. Light without feeling insubstantial, intense without being arrogant, Winchester '73 seems more modern than his contemporaries and is a joy to behold.
