A new creative team emerged in 1950 when brilliant actor James Stewart joined equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future. Until that moment, Stewart was known mainly for a approach to the family, dramas and romances. Not that he was no longer a talented Hollywood star. One of his best screen performances of all time and one of the best for anyone on celluloid paper was like Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal in 'The Philadelphia Story'. He had even made it west before. His timid weapon portrait shot yet expert Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the Western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make this film a classic. But for most movie goers, he was the type of American Boy Scout, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. There was rarely a dark side to any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B flicks in movie noir mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught the eye of James Stewart. So the two talented men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest Hollywood westerns of all time. "Winchester '73 and" The Man from Laramie "were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann has become a successful director of A-films, as a result, directing what some critics believe to be the greatest western of all, "Man of the West" by Gary Cooper. Stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership because he signed a portion of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary he normally received, a sensible measure actually followed by many other actors thereafter. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, to tell a story from the point of view of a traveling gun. Each owner is part of the tale that is being told and everything joins in the thrilling confrontation at the end of the movie, which also brings a surprise to the viewer. Based on a Stuart Lake story, the tale focuses on the revenge and ownership of Winchester '73. The year is 1876. Custer and his 7th cavalry were annihilated by the Sioux and Cheyenne in Little Big Horn. Whites want revenge. The Native Americans want their land and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between the native Americas led by Young Bull (the young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small group of cavalry trapped in a canyon and accompanied by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and along of life. pal High Spade, and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dove with a gentle heart. Among the soldiers on horseback are newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (deceased in the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part was cut by a bullet. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has him as chief marshal. Good actor Will Geer (later the Waltons) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was marshal's assistant in Dodge at the time, just baring his teeth to be a man of the law. Lin McAdam beats Winchester in a shooting contest, but was taken out of him not long after by Dutch outlaw Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and High Spade are behind the Dutchman Henry and Winchester for the rest of the film. An even more sinister character appears along the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as the evil personified by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a stellar cast. Winchester goes through multiple hands. during the course of the film, each time the transfer is intense. One involves a gunslinger played in perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps are mixed with the scenario above. All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the show. <br /> <br /> As mentioned above, the cast is the first to reach the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in uncredited parties, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and Western B reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
