In 1942, a movie, TALES OF MANHATTAN, told a series of stories that were basically unrelated, but coupled with a masculine evening gown. Each story began when the "tails" were passed from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a top film and a great western, has a similar twist. Initially, it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly resentment. But during the film the two men enter a shooting competition, the award (given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) being one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely hits MacMahon, but the gun is stolen from Stewart, and the chase continues. <br /> <br /> The weapon goes hand in hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant marketer who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a brief in which, for Charles Drake, for Dan Duryea (as the deliciously deadly psychotic Waco Johnny Dean), for MacMahon.Eventually, he returns to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is skillfully directed by Anthony Mann. Duryea takes the rifle literally over Drake's body (Duryea forces the question) .But he loses to MacMahon, who is faster in the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. Shelley Winter looks at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who watched Duryea kill his ex-boyfriend Drake) lets his shoplifter momentarily ask why he withstood MacMahon's harassment by the gun. appear later (that is, when he can safely kill MacMahon and retrieve the rifle). <br /> <br /> The characters are incredibly human. Winters first appears as the future bride of Drake, but she sees a big negative side to him - an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this lapse and helps lead to his destruction. Other characters have realistic touches such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and Millard Mitchell, a friend of Steward's. Oh yeah, and with Flippen's fellow soldier - Tony Curtis. Flippen makes believe that this soldier has been on a hundred battlefields before, since 1861, probably. Steward showed emotions in other movies. In IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE, he has shown a degree of anger at times, and also a nervous breakdown when he thinks that everything is wrong in his life. But here he showed a demonic rage - at the expense of a surprised Duryea (who would normally show this anger). The parts of this film fit nicely under the competent hands of Mann. This is a Western that never wears out while the public watches the trips of a Winchester rifle.
