Adult Western enthusiasts who flourished in the 1950s tried to trace their origins to the film that triggered the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawks' Red River (1948) or John Ford My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to continue this decade, then it has to be one of a few films. made in the initial year of that era. One of them is "The Gunfighter," an overly gloomy tale of a famous gunman (Ringo) facing his latest shootout. Another of the same year is "Winchester '73," and it is important to note that Millard Mitchell appears in both dark, mustachioed and highly realistic range riders. In The Gunfighter, he is the city marshal expected to arrest Ringo, but once traveled with him in a gang of bandits. In Winchester, he is the helper of Jimmy Stewart, a sort of Horatio for Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic tale. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lone Cowpoke wins a notable Winchester in a shootout, beating the worst man in the West (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and has caused the death of his father. When his brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes everyone across the border, meeting with bad guys and Indians. (In a wonderful moment, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play an Indian chief and a US cavalry soldier - during a well-staged camp battle. Dan Duryea steals the whole show as an outlaw leader while Shelly Winters, shortly before she gets fat, the shadow girl who joins all the pieces is fine. Today, the filmmakers last about four hours to get such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it in an extremely economical way. A lot of time, without wasting a minute. Western legends like Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (played by Will Geer) make brief appearances, adding to historicity as well as epic nature. The final battle between good and bad brothers, On top of a series of protruding rock cannons, is now legendary among Western fans. It is also important to note that Stewart, however much he has become associated with Western movies, does what is really the u first Western man here - yes, he was on De Tours again eleven years before but was released in the parody comedy because he looked so wrong to the westerners!
