The traditional Western is synonymous with open spaces, clear morality, inevitable tales, optimistic faith in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, escape from his past. These qualities directly reflect the American sense of self, the self-molding Dream, the pushing of boundaries and frontiers, and that is why the genre is still alluded to by opportunistic politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg, Wellman, Hawks), the Westerner was healthy and free from neuroses or real anxiety. Anthony Mann has changed all this forever, and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent, vivid, complex, not to mention exciting, realities of all time. <br /> <br /> The traditional western depends on a hero who exemplifies. vigorous health, any misfortunes he may have had in the past, a defender of order and right, who dominates the film, eliminates its obstacles, restores harmony in force; and an obvious villain, who often, ironically, directs the plot, forces the hero to certain actions. The difference between the two is often outlined as mythically simple as wearing white or black hats. <br /> <br /> Mann's past was in film noir, a genre antithetical to open space and optimism. Noir was neurotically charged, focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, where morality is blurred, the hero is so often the villain, trapped in an inner labyrinth of his own, a passive victim of fate. Noir is about regression, not progress, interrogation, and denial of modes and signs of representation, not the creation and confirmation of them. WINCHESTER 73 is full of noir anxiety. Noir is often considered a psychological genre, visualizing the traumas of the head of its protagonist. 73 does it too, and it's even more disturbing that the character is adorable, Jimmy Stewart, starting his big series of difficult films here with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, humorous and sweet, representing right and trying to restore ruptures to the natural order, he is also a quasi-lunatic who will not stop at nothing to achieve murderous revenge, whose tireless quest resembles Ethan Edwards in SEARCHERS in his persistent inhumanity, whose human instincts are worn out by this quest, and whose outbursts of violence are truly terrifying to witness. As in noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have outgrown (symbolically dead) their parents, McAdam's father was killed before he could complete the process; pursuing his brother is less moral revenge than an anguished protest against atrophied growth. The climactic shooting is not cathartic: McAdam returns to "normal" society, as if he had just witnessed some of the most ghastly horrors in the world. <br /> <br /> What is most disturbing about the movie is that it is not really true. about a hero or a villain, but an inanimate piece of weoponry leading the action. 73 opens with the weapon of the privileged title, exposed behind a glass window, while his admirers are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring him from the outside. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifiers - the change of names; Lin and Dutch mimes shooting at each other because they have no guns; the missions lose their moral vitality and their practitioners approach madness; armies have to call for help from strangers confederates to fight in battles; a man only becomes worthy of respect when he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a coward when he leaves his bride to the Indians; the weapon retains its prestige, power, totality. <br /> <br /> It is not the plan of revenge that guides the film, but the history of the weapon; this takes the film out of conventional expectations and creates a strange, alienating and modern sensation. We got so caught up in the revenge plot that when we followed the plot with another weapon entirely, we felt a bit disoriented. <br /> <br /> This emphasis on the weapon, symbol of potent masculinity, actually allows a critique of this masculinity, revealing elaborate, meaningless rituals at the expense of society and order; gross capitalist greed; Indian merchants murderers who defraud seller and foe; cowards; psychotic killers; before returning to his "real" owner, a broken-down hero completely committed, who has become as murderous as the killer he seeks. The weapon is never printed with the name of its owner, not only because there is no fixed owner, but because there is no fixed masculinity, an anathema of vision for the traditional Western. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly invokes Western myths. - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Cavalry, Civil War, the West open - just to undermine them. Earp has an inflated reputation that is all over the name, but never proven - Dodge City is no safer against thugs than anywhere else; the Cavalry is inept (Custer has just lost Little Big Horn) and the bitter rivalry of the War is shown to be irrelevant. The myth of the open West is a place for a very closed and inescapable circular plot that arrests its characters, refuses to allow them to shape their fate, but allowing it to model them. <br /> <br /> The old John Ford silhouette of knights on a vast mountain is reprized, but it signals here not progress but repetition and circularity. But despite all his deconstruction, the film is also tangibly vivid in a way that few westerns can. Mann's incisive technique intrudes his camera into crucial positions, alternating the revealing distance with intense scrutiny, making doors and stagecoaches look lively and vivid.
