"Additive" is an adjective I have heard many times when I speak of certain TV shows. More recently, dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have earned this description. However, as convincing as they may be (and really are), I can wait a few days before seeing the next episode of any series, even Prison Break, which some have lazily labeled as "the new 24". With all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for good reason: no other silver screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. That's what sets 24 apart from any other show, and that's why I pretty much have to watch a whole season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the fucking clock starts beating, it's impossible to hang up. <br /> <An episode whose events unfolded over a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); have a whole season of a new series in the last 24 hours, one per ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the show airs on television), was the most innovative idea of ​​television traditional from Hill Street. Blues introduced non-linear narrative (a mandatory element nowadays). And it really paid off. Ironically, the original plan for the series was to make it revolve around a wedding (fortunately, creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was best suited for a conspiracy thriller.) , which is probably the reason why the first glimpse we get of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: looking extremely relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is playing chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, minutes later, being a contestant with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife with whom he has just reconciled. As in The Sopranos, however, something unexpected and shocking is just behind: Kim has not only escaped from his bedroom, but Jack also gets a phone call asking him to start working immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid so: Bauer is a CTU agent and his boss has acquired reliable information about a possible coup in the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles. Angels all day long (oh, well, I almost forgot: events occur on Presidential Primary Day in California). No time to nap, then: Jack needs to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and this does not match with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slimy Division man who was asked to interfere with the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, making the program difficult to recommend to those with little attention, but anyone who wants to take a look will be rewarded instantly: writing is crisp and precise, attention to detail is unsurpassed and the suspense is consistently clear. high, mainly thanks to the real-time trick that considerably increases the level of adrenaline. <br /> <br /> Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most of the genre shows (sci-fi and suspense) tend to introduce key players and then define them later (an example of book is CSI, where character development is minimal but again that matches the unique style of the series), while the premiere of the 24 series offers a rich variety of totally rounded people, among which Jack (Best role of Sutherland - always !) And Palmer (the true revelation of the show) stand out for being described perfectly after an episode only (the first divided between work and family, reckless, but human, the last honorable and endowed with great integrity). A couple of supporting pieces border the stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida especially), but two factors must be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) there is so much going on that most viewers do not even complain about one "flaw" or two. After all, how many networked programs can begin with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a huge explosion - and still have material equally satisfying for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
