From those comments here before mine, I mostly agree with Edyarb. The story and the script apparently had potential to be funny, but although managing at some points, elsewhere it failed. You could see them wanting to make a joke, but no one in the audience laughed. (I also agree with Edyarb's opinion on the final credits: leave it normal or cool, but not what they did now.) <br /> <br /> OK, that gives a more negative feeling than I really do I had. watching the movie. I liked; it was enjoyable entertainment for one night and it definitely did not feel like a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that get a bit out of the way and are quite mature, like Luke Wilson's character, Matt, asking for the super girl "P * nis or bed". when she told him that she would "get a new one" after a wild night in bed, eventually breaking the bed and leaving Matt sore. <br /> <br /> I can not, however, agree with bgs1614, which says that the movie could earn an 'R' rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film to justify this. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, just humorous and without nudity. (Maybe he was in a pre-selection that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this with two recent movies that I went to see without any expectation: Superman Returns and Click. I really did not expect anything from either - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and the Click trailer only showed this as a potentially chauvinistic movie (which I would not object to). Superman surprised me by feeling good (creepy!) For seeing his first heroic deed, like seeing a friend lost and happy about it. But for the rest of the story I prefer to watch My Super Ex-girlfriend at least offers some surprises. Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes of being a really excellent movie. The jokes also work much better than the ex-girlfriend, both the naughty and the more advanced. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three that I've seen in a very short period, and also because I've been to all of these with basically no expectation at all. I would rate them Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
