On paper, this seemed like a great concept: normal guy on the recovery dates, curator of the museum, who is really a superhero who saves the world regularly. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (of "Simpson's") almost fatally calculate that his hero G-Girl (played by Uma Thurman) is a crazy superhero and secret identity character, Jenny Johnson. The film even speaks of this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his rescue by G-Girl of the Statue of Liberty. Jenny asks curiously to Matt as it was G-Girl. Matt replies, "Is she a bit crazy?" I think the intention was that Jenny (Thurman) was this lonely young woman, who has no one in her life, isolated by her great physical powers. Thurman does the best he can, but his Jenny is a terrifying mood swing in dire need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is very breezy in reversing the role of boyfriend and super-girlfriend. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of bad weather, coming to the end of "Superman Returns" that plays direct superhero, so to speak. With all its quirks and inconsistent writing, I still thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and I liked the movie. Given that this is a Ivan Reitman movie, this could have been a lot better. Reitman starts with a great premise and really misses it. First of all, we all love the hero. Neither Jenny nor G-Girl are really so nice here. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. At first, your Jenny / G-Girl is simply weird. Shocking. Because if there's a woman who can play a superhero, she's Thurman, she looks great. Just at the end Jenny becomes more friendly instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a direct story of superheroes, but a kind of romantic comedy, it does not provide what every superhero mythology requires - a great supervillain. Here we have Professor Bedlam, also known as Barry (Eddie Izzard), who really is evil lite. He's not Lex Luthor. No plan for global domination. Bedlam and Barry hold grudges against G-Girl, and probably have to do with their shared past. What's bizarre do not you know who you'd rather spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt, by Luke Wilson, is just "a guy" that ties in with the psychotic superhero. One of the annoying things he does is that he trusts his disgusting losing friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson doing a sloppy imitation). Wilson sometimes plays a little too dense, and that dilutes his nice charm. This works, however, on the comic scene with Jenny. Matt when dating Jenny / G-Girl realizes that he is in love with his co-worker Hannah (lively Anna Faris). So how does Matt end up with G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and, for the most part, hilarious. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. What may be intrinsically difficult are satires of superheroes disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However, the heroin work? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman, she is unable to do this convincingly. And she does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive narrative failures. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Despite everyone involved, the film could have been super.
