Overall, I was quite impressed with the pilot. The initial first fifteen minutes were worrisome as it seemed the creators were trying to create a science fiction version of The OC, but that fear is rectified when a terrorist incident occurs and hence the program goes into themes and situations that I rarely see. The BSG dealt with themes such as monotheism, existentialism, reality, death and terrorism, but they were mainly subtext, for the viewer to contemplate or ignore if they so desire. Here, on the other hand, these subjects are the focus of the program and I personally found myself evoking works like Ghost In The Shell and The Matrix as benchmarks while watching and was amazed at how well the subjects were being discussed. I think if you're a fan of the two I just mentioned or other movies / TV shows that deal with the subjects I referred to, I think you'll find at least something here. In terms of As a starting point to explain how the situation we met at BSG came up, I believe they handled it in a very interesting way, I especially liked how they explained where the belief came from of Cylon into a God and the creation of Caprica had advanced and contemporary. technology launched to make it appear in the future, but not totally foreign to us as spectators. <br /> <br /> The only real weaknesses I noticed were the relationship between Greystone parents and the actress playing "Lacy Rand." . Although I like Eric Stoltz and Paula Malcomson individually, together their scenes seemed to lack chemistry, at this point, it could simply be the development of their characters, but this is something I think needs to work. I also thought that Magda Apanowicz was not convincing in her role. This may again be due to the experience and time needed to develop, but throughout the entire episode her performance seemed forced and not completely confident. <br /> <br /> Based on the pilot, I look forward to seeing where 'Caprica' comes in. the future and we hope it touches on the greatness that BSG has already made.
