It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the ability to enter your new movie Seven Pounds any way you like, as it starts at the end and works back to the beginning, showing us the direction of the events that led us to that 911 call. This is a powerful film; maybe that's because I'm weak when it comes to dramas of this genre, with moments of weight and a devastating performance, but anyhow, a movie works best when it really hits me, when it stays in the back of my head hours after leave the theater. And this is from the team that brought us the overrated, sentimental and not all that redemptive pursuit of happiness, so I'll just say that my anticipation was carefully guarded to a great disappointment. With all that, however, I was with Seven Pounds from the opening frame until the end of the credits. Even if you discover what Will Smith's character is doing, that secret quest he is trying to complete, is the way he fulfills his shining penance and leaves you with a tearful smile at the end. <br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit shocking, leaving us out of tune trying to understand what is going on. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of the people we do not know and one of the people he looks like he's trying to track and audit. Working with the IRS allows you access to these strangers for a glimpse of their lives in order to see if they are worthy of a gift that it has the power to give them a gift that can completely change their circumstances. He calls an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised, not to guess his decision, because there is no way to change his mind. Even in a role as small as Pepper's, you can not help but feel the total sadness held high hanging above everyone's head. It is his character, seen perhaps three times, that actually covers the primordial level of emotion being treated. Their collapses, be they convulsions torn and composed, or head to toe, show that the bond that these two men have is one that stands the test of time and any circumstance that comes their way. <br /> <br /> After this phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is on some kind of mission to help alleviate the monetary problems of dead people by trying to stay afloat, despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This progression takes many twists, from a "vendor of blind flesh, vegan" he scolds to see if he can get him to explode; for a heart patient in need of phase two donation, unable to print her line of stationery, or even run with her Great Dane Duke; to an abused and frightened Latina mother of two children, afraid of leaving her boyfriend; to a hockey coach who instills faith in an oppressed young community; for a boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and the inevitable future with a willingness to hope and wanting to cherish each day, and there are those who try to beat him by cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it to go out in style. Why should Thomas eliminate the mix and find that those who deserve his "gift" are unknown at the beginning, and that is why this man, seen in flashbacks as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and huge house by the sea, is living now in a motel, driving a battered car, going door to door to do an audit for the IRS. As he says, "he kind of stumbled into work." <br /> <br /> Smith's quest as Thomas is long and painful, seasoned with moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man with the means to help, he takes his work seriously, turning away unworthy people and testing those he believes are dignified to the nth degree. If it means he should shout and mock them, he should do it. At every step, however, you see the suffering in your eyes, the pain eroding your soul, taking every step toward your destiny, one as a saint of redemption, not only for those he wants to help, but also for himself . . It's a worthy performance and I just wish Smith would do more dramas like that instead of their blockbuster summer tentacles of action, because while they're fun, this guy is too good for them. It's best if the man wins an Oscar before it's over or it'll be a scam - at least in my head. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is stellar in every way. Woody Harrelson as the blind vendor is a perfect downside with a joy of living. His shy smile and his belief in humanity appear everywhere, whether on the phone being shouted, sitting at a diner eating his pie, or at the piano in the park, playing for all who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as the abused mother, is fantastic, showing the difficult evolution from proud to frightened to completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like the "once-hot" girl, beaten and broken by long hospitalizations, but given up to live life to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Thomas Thomas, who opens his eyes again to be a woman, a sexually free-spirited creature who can simply live without fear of wondering what the last day will be.
