Seven pounds, this was the movie in which I was convinced that Will Smith was really wanting the movies "I'm going to make you cry". One thing I can give you a ton of credit, man can cry. My only thing is, as poignant as the story, Will Smith has proven time and time again that he can act, so why is he taking this extremely depressing story? But nevertheless, it is still a good movie. I have to admit it made me cry, but I felt that the outstanding performance was Rosario Dawson, I absolutely love this girl, since I saw her on 25th Hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl would go far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, I can not wait to see how much her career will continue. But she and Will Smith, not so sure if they had the great chemistry the film needed they would have done it in a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car accident, which was caused by him using his cell phone; seven people died: six strangers and his bride. One year after the accident, and having left his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donates a lung lobe to his brother, Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he donates part of his liver to a child care assistant named Holly. After that, he begins to look for more candidates to receive donations. He meets George, a hockey coach, and donates a kidney to him, and then donates bone marrow to a boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows someone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive boyfriend. Tim leaves his house and enters a local motel, taking with him his jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to her beach house. She takes her two children and moves to her new home. Having stolen his brother's credentials, and becoming known by the name of his brother Ben, he checks the candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vendor of vegetarian meat who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and torments him at work to see if he's angry. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides that he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, a freelance printer who has heart problems and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, ripping her garden out and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that, as his condition has worsened, he needs to make his donation. <br /> <br /> Seven Pounds is a good movie and undoubtedly worth a look. the rent against the theater. Will Smith performs well, but not his best, only most of the film required him to cry in all the scenes, but the last one with him is a crazy thing. But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and really made you enjoy life and do not give it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben's character reminds him to value life and give to those who are desperately in need. Although it went a little far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
