I would strongly recommend this movie to any musical fan who is dying to see a musical make a faithful transition from the stage to the screen. Of course it's over, but the duration is a testament to how true the original musical script that the movie is being. The sets and cast really make Sweet Apple, Ohio the right place. Fosse protects Anne Reinking also does a splendid job with choreography giving the dances a beautiful little town, period feel. <br /> <br /> The cast at first glance may seem strange to some, but they are really wonderful (read "annonymous"). "comments on Jason Alexander's performance made me sick.) In fact, his performance literally steals the show. Like Albert, he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke's charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing like no one does not hurt either George Wendt is another highlight, which improves Paul Lynde's view of Harry McAffe, making him less manic and more rigorous.His whole character and body language shout " about my dead body. "Marc Kudisch takes the Elvis aspect of Conrad Birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion of a" thank-you "into" Honestly Sincere. "His physicality goes back to young Elvis rather than the bloated Conrad of the original film The fact is that this film differs so much from the original movie (which was added on happy faces, turtles at speed and the Russian ballet !!!) what does this have to do with Bye, Birdie Bye, I imagine? ossible that the original version has on this is Ann Margret. Otherwise, upgrading is best in every way possible. Where the old version cut a lot of music and increased intervals for dance where there was no need (and for all intents and purposes, finished the movie in the middle of the play), the new version restored the original soundtrack and added some great new things as well "A Giant Step" being the highlight in this category). We know how to live in difficult times but if you want to take your mind off your problems and put up a happy face then this is one worth checking out.
