This movie is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and as I insist on being at all the big film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially from what the industry considers "the best." I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting usually tends to be overblown and uninteresting for me, his only decent performance is on Lost, so I usually try to avoid his films. However, I saw this at a film festival a few years ago and I was completely impressed. This director really knows what she's doing. Of course, you will catch the trolls (or just ignorant people) who do not understand what constitutes a good movie and rip the low budget work because they have no idea what has happened in it. But, fortunately, from what I have seen, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem. <br /> <br /> Let's not deny that the film was working without a budget, and that some of the supporting actors could still use the work because this is certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect from a real first movie from someone still in high school? Pretend for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a little bit of the performance, the quality of the sound (which was not really the filmmaker's fault; I saw this at a festival and the sound was good ... I guarantee that the one who made the DVD itself missed), and the fact that it was filmed in mini-DV, so what did you get? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which are unmistakably flawless. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. That is clear. She can write heavier and more engaging scripts than most people in Hollywood, create a list of photos that perfectly complement this story, and bring it to life in a fascinating and creative way that, if that budget were greater, could have been awarded. Give you more experienced actors, better post-production sound and 35mm instead of mini-DV and even the trolls could not complain. This girl is amazing, and bearing in mind that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done an incredible job ever since. The trailer for Dreams of an Angel shows this, and I can not wait to see the high budget stuff she did. 9/10 stars, this is a hell of a movie from a hell of a filmmaker.
