Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a CIA assassin. He is condemned to go to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States "liberated" and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. That is because the American conglomerate, Tamerlane, who is putting the country "back" will not represent Shariff, an oil man from a neighboring state, who established his own oil pipeline through war-torn Turkistan. But once there, Brand encounters difficulties. One of them, he meets a certain journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public the "true" history of the region's conflict ... and Tamerlane. But Brand is horrified to realize that Natalie's handsome face and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously compel her to lose focus on her mission. In addition, his cover as a host of a show compels him to meet the country's pop singer, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who is getting married at the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also distract Brand's attention from the forthcoming murder. With other inept subordinates and complications, can Brand fulfill his mission, to the satisfaction of the great chief of Tamerlane, the former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this movie, even if it's not very common. Filmed in Serbia, it's a look worthy of what today's Iraq must be, a country turned upside down. In a brilliant trait, the green zone here is called "The Emerald City" and thus, appropriately, to this neighborhood of Oz that tries to prevent the destruction of the war in other parts of the metropolis. The cast is very good, with Cusack doing a good job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others supporting him in style. Duff, especially, makes a great turn as the heavily accented, heavily contrived, dirty-mouth singer. The rebuilding of Baghdad full of wars is so real that it hurts, while costumes and other production values ​​are high-level. As for the script, it is not always cohesive, but it certainly has tremendous dialogue and scenes. For example, a young boy from Turaqui offers to show Brand an enemy hideout in exchange for money and candy. Brand produces the money, but because he has no candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway. Bright! So, too, the direction is not a total success, but it does not take long. No, if you have conservative inclinations, you probably will not like this movie at all. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terrorism," this is a good spectacle. So make an effort to visualize it, as you will be supporting filmmakers who choose to make movies well away from the old studio formulas.
