This weekend of July 4 is exciting to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founders turned their backs on their collective hands to King George III, this movie hilariously exposes the cowardly war profits by the current crop of arrogant capitalists who are intent on privatizing the government, including the privatization of war itself. <br /> <br /> The cast of this satire shines absolutely. John Cusack is wonderful as a corporate killer in conflict and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is superb as her love interest. (My God, "George Costanza" was right. Marisa Tomei is so cute!) But it's Joan Cusack, John's sister, who actually steals the movie. His portrayal of a bossy but at the same time flattering personal assistant is invaluable, and more than once I could not stop laughing at the brilliance of his performance. She does not just have a fantastic comic timing, her face is as expressive as one might wish on an actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short, but very effective, participation in the film as head of the company that is commanding the war, the Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on a "throne" with his pants draped around his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like the clown who currently occupies one of our true thrones of power. You will not have to think hard to recognize this person. Much of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, and that's why we are able to see both real military equipment. (You just know that the US military would never have cooperated to make this satirical exposition of war speculation.) I especially liked the "Omar Sharif" character played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene where he's on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a few lines that epitomize our whole foreign policy stance toward the foreign leaders we've installed - and uninstalled - in power. <br /> <br /> Of course this movie will not please everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, military, collection and analysis of intelligence, prisons and corrections system, public health and a myriad of other government services is a good thing that you may not find much to like in this movie. If you believe, however, that destroying people and countries to increase the profits of some corporation is an abomination, I think you will find much to enjoy in this movie. Nothing could be more in agreement with the Spirit of Independence than would accumulate the deserved ridicule in corrupt powers.
