The plot of this film may not be extraordinary, but what makes the film really special are its characters (and the actors who interpret them, of course!). I will not get into the details of the movie plot, but I certainly would like to say it ?? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really witty and you need to be equally clever to get all the satire. If you're not alert for a second, you'll probably lose one of the subtle points. The movie is full of seemingly trivial but witty things - like the background ads in Turaqistan, the ads on the oil tankers (which I almost lost) and the ones that make the movie hilarious all over. <br /> <br /> Coming to the actors, John Cusack played his multifaceted role very efficiently (what with him being the co-writer and producer as well) and does he play his character? Hauser, the killer with a heart? exquisitely. Cusack did a similar type of paper before in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comedic disposition in the film is simply superb. <br /> <br /> However, the actress who steals the whole show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest, I was a bit disappointed when I heard about the kind of role she's playing in the movie. But after watching the film, the deception gave rise to a great respect for her as an actor. Let's face it! The boy is growing, but yes, her talent too! All those critics, who screamed hoarse that Hilary can not act, will be silent for a while. Did Hilary have to play a very complex character? Hard on the outside, still a sweet child on the inside? and she did complete justice to it. Does she make you laugh and does she make you cry? to cut the long story short (because I could continue raving about it forever) she's BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack did a good job too. Especially, Joan's hysterics are noisy! However, I was a bit disappointed with Ben Kingsley being squandered on such a small paper and his performance looked lackluster. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. keeps you on your toes with your clever humor, and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I recommend this movie for everyone (and even more so for Hilary Duff fans) !!! P.S. - I'm really happy to hear that the film will break free of its limited release and will be released elsewhere soon !!!
