Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is about how the title suggests: Corporations affect war. <br /> <br /> The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the US government "get its message across" to Turaqistan's leaders. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a lone man + a yummy reporter. Somewhere in the group, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is hired. As Yonica is marrying one of the most important people in Turaquistan (a son of the president), a subplot is created where the mercenary must watch over this star. The movie begins with a lone Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the movie arrests you. With its entertaining and intriguing insight into terrorism and politics, the film's runtime is blown by you. The film has a lot more action than I expected, with an occasional war scene, well choreographed fights and sporadic murder scenes. Although the story is not very deep, the simplicity of it all makes the movie perfect for both the average man and the movie critics alike. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the film, the simplicity of everything revolves around everything. very hostile and confused. I thought it was executed very well, but others may disagree, and I could understand why. Twist after twist is the end of the movie and, like most movies, it's a true hit / miss situation. Regardless, the three writers of the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) have done a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire on today's situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job assuring film integrity; not reducing the material to the most redundant of the films (which I feared would happen). Seftel created the film in the most perfect way possible: it created a vibrant atmosphere, which examines harsh reality and caricatureal falsities; - contrasting them perfectly - just like making the movie look like you're watching it all. Seftel really engages you in all the action and completely compensates. There are no mistakes here. I hope he takes on more management positions, as he is one of the directors.
