Deanna Durbin, then 14 years old and only under contract with MGM, made a short film in 1936, which reunited her with Judy Garland, a year younger, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer decided he did not need two competing young singers, placed his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed the contract with Durbin, urged her into Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to increase her role. It is rated last, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be a success and they were right. Three Smart Girls is less of a musical and more crazy comedy, and Durbin, 15, when the film was released, carries everything with ease. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who had divorced his mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold prospector with a ferocious mother. They speak from Switzerland, where they live, to New York City, where their father lives. They plan not only to break their father's marriage, but to reunite their father with his mother, who after ten separate years still loves the guy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in his hot and delicious soprano? No. Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and marital material along the way? No, again. Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying that she could not continue playing little Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but in Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has little Miss Fixit on the floor. Durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic, and, in any case, natural. His personality is so genuine that it makes this comedy - a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed - captivating. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the movie with ease. It's so much fun watching her defend herself from names like Binnie Barnes like Donna Lyon, the woman with her hooks on Penny's rich dad, played by Charles Winninger, who was not uninterested in stealing scenes either. Alice Brady, who played the matron in My Man Godfrey, plays the mother of Donna Lyons, who is even more of a gold hound than her daughter. The last of the talented filmmakers is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who, through an invented and amusing confusion, is mistaken for Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls present themselves well as a light and fun comedy of manners and mixes. Deanna Durbin is also a brand-new star, who with her huge success saved the bacon from Universal.
