Deanna Durbin really saved Universal from bankruptcy and allowed it to remain a great studio. By the mid-1930s, most of the great directors who had been at Universal, for example, Milestone, Browning, and Wyler were gone. Only James Whale remained, but his prestige horror films were behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland appeared on a short "Every Sunday" and initially Garland was suggested for the role of Penny in "Three Smart Girls". When Garland was not available, Universal moved to Durbin. Initially she had definitely been a supporting player, but her potential was so vivid that the script was rewritten to make it the star. Directed by Henry Koster, the film had a European twist. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a beautiful panorama of a lake in "Switzerland". The three "smart girls" of the title - three sisters, Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Read) and Penny (Deanna Durbin) are surfing with Penny giving their glorious voice to "My Heart is Singing." Not everything is right in front of the house - the father is planning to marry a younger woman (Binnie Barnes) so that the three girls, with the help of their faithful nurse (Lucille Watson), decide to go to New York, with his mother. . Lucille Watson is most remembered for her role as Robert Taylor's stern mother on "Waterloo Bridge" (1941). <br /> <br /> Donna is a gold-digger who, along with her mother (Alice Brady), is determined to marry Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone with no cinematic experience, Deanna is as wonderful as Penny, an enthusiastic and enthusiastic little sister, and she is as beautiful as a picture. When she sings "Someone to Care for Me" to her father, you will only melt - what a glorious voice she had. She also has one of the funniest lines in the movie. When her dad comforts her with "I'm taking him to the zoo tomorrow," she replies "Oh, I can see enough monkeys around here" !!! <br /> <br /> With the help of Bill Evans (John King) They decide to hire a "score" (Mischa Auer) for romance Donna. They combine to meet in a nightclub, but due to a confusion, Lord Michael Stuart (Ray Milland) is confused by the count and Donna falls in love with him (she thinks he owns half of Australia !!!) The plan fails when he falls in love Kay and Donna want to rush their marriage with Judson. Penny decides to solve the problem with her own hands and runs away. She is taken to the local police station where she delights the police with her version of "Il Bacio" (she is trying to convince them that is a young opera singer.) It all happily ends with their mother (Nella Walker) sailing to mend Things with her father and meanwhile Donna makes the knowledge of the false count (Mischa Auer) and sails to Australia with him . <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
