I'm amazed at the comments on the posters stating that Jane Powell made the same kind of movies that Deanna Durbin did. Although they are both young sopranos whose cinematic images were created by Joe Pasternak, if this movie is any indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While in THREE INTELLIGENT GIRLS, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss." Fixit, "who, after a few setbacks, manages to reunite her divorced parents in her 'semi-remake, THREE DARING DAUGHTERS, Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between her screen Jeanette MacDonald and the new stepfather Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept it and strong arms his younger brothers to reject it too.From the films of Durbin and Powell that I saw, I would say that these disparate qualities permeate the first films of both talented young artists. While it is clear from her occasionally strident and exaggerated line readings in some of the more energetic scenes that this is one of Deanna's earliest films, observing the self-assured, conscious, and naturally effervescent way in which she presents her speeches and performances in general, and the gentle and affectionate manner in which she projects the most serious scenes, you never imagine that this was the FIRST role in the cinema of a 14 year old girl whose previous professional experience consisted almost exclusively in two years of vocal instruction. Given that this film, and Durbin herself, were widely publicized at the time as the "Last Chance of Universal," production must have been an extremely stressful situation for a movie newcomer of any age, but you never knew the ease and security that Durbin displays on the screen. Although she is still clearly developing her style of acting and camera behavior (this was equally true in the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries like Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth in the camera which is absolutely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, she manages to remain immensely sympathetic despite the often rapid impulsivity of her character, and although occasionally it is strident, never for a second projects the timid and arched qualities . which afflicted many children's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed in the wake of their success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all the great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while the pure lyric soprano of Durbin is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about it, for me, was how she is able to project her songs without the least degree of affectation or "grandnes "afflicts the singing of adult opera singers like Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films of the time. <br /> <br /> The film is also delicious, heavily influenced by the crazy comedy, makes Durbin create a cream. -the-cream-of-first-class professionals like Charles Winnerer, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. It's true that it's hardly "realistic", but why would anyone expect it to be? If you want: "realist" rent the grapes of IRA or TRIUMPH OF THE WILL. On the other hand, if you're looking for a genuine, sweet, fun and entertaining family comedy with a wonderful, charismatic and talented teenage "leader" and great support players, this movie will not disappoint you.
