"Twelve Monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but at the same time intelligent and intelligent. He skillfully jumps between the future and the past, and the story that tells is about a man named James Cole, a convict, who is sent back to the past to collect information on a man-made virus that has decimated 5 billion of the human population. In the beginning, in 1996. At first, Cole is sent back to the year 1990 by accident and by unhappiness is taken to a psychiatric institution, where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, who tries to help he is a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the insane son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so sensible, dealing with and between reason and madness, the film is a definitive masterpiece in the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> The story is simply fantastic. It's so original and fun. The script itself by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a movie called "La Jetée" (1962) that I have not seen, but I must thank the director and screenwriter of the film, Chris Marker, for giving such inspiration to the writers of " Twelve Monkeys ". I read a bit about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so this is not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have turned that great amount of inspiration into a modernized story that speaks of this urgent need for people to find a solution to maintain human existence and do it in such a beautiful and realistic way that it is a guaranteed walk from the beginning until the end. The song used in the movie is weird and somehow so funny and fun that it does not fit until you really understand it and when you realize it's so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, of whom we remember Monty Python as the director of the film, was a real surprise to me, since I never really imagined him as a kind of director of a person. I know he directed movies before, but I really could not believe he could do something so magnificent. It should not be a surprise, as it does an incredible job. You may still feel the same oddity as Python, but for me the direction is pretty much perfect, though in its strange way of describing things it also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, bizarre and disturbing, so it also makes the movie a bit heavy too, so weak viewers will probably find it difficult to watch the movie all the time. It is not as heavy as you might imagine, but it has only certain things that, for their own purpose, are sometimes very difficult to watch. Despite this, the film maintains this pure intelligence within him and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, he blends the whole story in a very clever way and does not even make the plot messy anywhere, although he needs of concentration of the spectator after all. <br /> <br /> What comes to act, well, the movie does not even go wrong there. The role of James Cole is played by the powerful Bruce Willis, who probably still does his best role performance to date. Now people may disagree with me, as he did a good job, for example, "The Sixth Sense" too, but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis and he does it incredibly well. The character is very well written too, but even better. Cole begins to question his own existence and he deals with himself, beginning to question his real life time, trying to survive and find the crucial piece missing in the puzzle. Through difficulties, he begins to lose his faith, questioning whether he can trust or believe in himself. Other roles that stand out are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays Kathryn Railly, James Cole's psychiatrist, who sees something strangely familiar in Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. She somehow begins to believe Cole's story, but as a believer in science, she tries to find solutions through it and tries to deal with reason when it comes to unbelievable things. Brad Pitt is as good at the role of Jeffrey Goines and he also does one of his best performances to date. The character's insane and hilarious personality has brought Pitt even an Oscar nomination so I guess I'm not praising the honest and fabulous performance at all. <br /> <br /> In total, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and will certainly be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction fans. It includes brilliant characters and excellent roleplaying, especially Willis and Pitt, and an original and entertaining story that forms such a clever and clever plot. However, being that already mentioned strange and disturbing, it definitely captures the attention of the viewer, making it interesting and witty. It's also an explosive thriller and it has romance too, so it's all in the same package and that makes it one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen. Through Terry Gilliam's unique and fantastic vision, he manages to stay balanced despite the rather rugged but somewhat stable race. Hard to really explain, but it's so, it's incredible.
