The story of this movie is truly remarkable. A virus broke loose and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that animals dominate the earth and there are signs everywhere saying, "The Twelve Monkeys did it." That's right, the human race had to hide from the disease that killed more than 500 billion people. Apparently, the animals do not get this disease. Day by day the current scientist tries to find out what kind of illness caused this; how it was created; if nature did it or a mere human being created it. All they know is that there's a bunch of animals running through a city above them, deaths began during 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) So a current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After he does his "volunteer" work, he is asked to be sent back in time to the year 1996 to find out what has happened to the world. Cole accepts and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> Throughout history, the time machine makes the dates wrong several times, from 1990 to some time during the 1950s. (In the midst of a war.) Over time traveling forward and back, he begins to mess James in the head and it distorts the story. The whole story is very well done and I would give a bigger note if it was not for the end. I personally did not like the end of the movie and was very disappointed. I was just waiting for a more explanatory ending, so what happened, but it's not everyone who thinks so. So I gave an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion I would give a 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For all the acting of the movie, I give an A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and he acts well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so great, he enters the character as well. I never really cared for Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. There are characters or similar in this movie, it's just a little more ... insane in this movie. So overall, I think this movie is worth checking out. For most people it's a great science fiction movie, I do not think it's a work of art.
