NB: Spoilers inside. This great film is "about" so many things, all of them successfully: science fiction time travel, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, what is really real syndrome, gradual weakening of belief systems, global bioterrorism and a nascent love story . <br /> <br /> The ramifications of the distorted timeline of history provoke a great debate - witness the discussions on this site; or, as an extreme, check out the dissertation at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Ufa! This temporal emphasis mainly speaks of the brilliant plot coming from the magnificent work of writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker's "La Jetee." Undoubtedly, this is one of the most successful and fascinating time travel movies ever designed. But there are many other levels speaking here. The true genius of the film is to focus on the unpleasant side effects of time travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, doing the best job of his career here). Does your journey progress from a hunter-hunter warrior to a gradually unbalanced victim ?? and back again. The other wide sweep of the story emphasizes more and more the personal story between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (the wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I love the simultaneous displacement / opposition points of view of these two characters. For me, everything comes up on the scene of the hotel room. By this point, James ?? once grasped by an unwavering determination ?? now falls into absolute doubt about his own reality; while Dr. Railly? the legal and rational scientist? finally became completely convinced, after absorbing James' evidence, of his terrible predictions. His desperation to talk to James and follow the mission shows how far she has come. <br /> <br /> Gilliam makes us worry about these characters, especially by increasing the tension that surrounds their lives. The balance between the emotional rollercoaster and the sci-fi jigsaw / thriller is excellent. And the outcome at the airport is very intense because we see this happening clearly in James' dreams. Is it here, right after James decided to abandon the whole mess? and you're fighting your insanity more than ever? that he steps back to the plate and does what is necessary for mankind. See Joseph and the gun? (Just before that, references to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and the change of identity / confusion are brilliant.) This is a film to be discussed among thinking people; not only is it sustained under repeated visions, as it requires. "Twelve Monkeys" is clever, provocative, bizarre, funny and full of suspense. The support cast is excellent, especially Brad Pitt stealing all his scenes and showing great flexibility as Jeffery Goines, crazed and spoiled. , but always the survivor. And there's David Morse as Dr. Peters (interesting as the film simply leaves the viewer his perverse motivation) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines. But the biggest compliments belong to Terry Gilliam, surpassing here - just barely - his remarkable "Brazil". (Many parallels, of course, especially the solitary fighter trying to escape his disintegrating surroundings: madness from the inside, madness from the outside.) Every frame in this movie has its unique stamp and tone. The soundtrack is great, too. <br /> <br /> This is one of the great achievements of the 90's, one of my favorites, and it will surely hold for a long time.
