I usually try to avoid science fiction films as much as I can, because that's not a genre that really appeals to me. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time traveling ... most of the time is nothing to me. However there is a film in the genre that I will always give a place on my list of the best movies and it is this "Twelve Monkeys" that I remember having completely surprised me with it for the first time, but even now, after having it seen several times, I'm still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see it, this movie seems to get better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all people live underground because an unknown and deadly virus decimated five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1%. of the living population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and who is chosen as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe it was spread by a mysterious group called 'The Twelve Monkeys' and need the virus before it mutates, so scientists can study it. But his time travel machine does not work perfectly and he is accidentally sent to 1990 where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... < > <br /> What I like the most about this movie is that it's never clear if everything you see is real or not. Is this just an illusion, created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it real? Does it really come from the future and can it really travel in time? Was the population really exterminated by a virus, released by the army of the Twelve Monkeys? These are all questions that will leave you thinking from the beginning to the end. If the creators of this movie had chosen to make everything more obvious, I'm sure they would never have liked it as much as now. It's just this mysteriousness that keeps me interested over and over again. But that's not the only good thing about this movie, of course. The acting is also incredible. Normally I'm not much of a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in that movie was simply amazing. Along with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he should have won several awards for that, because along with the incredible story, they made this movie work incredibly well. <br /> <br /> Even after several shows, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I just saw another Terry Gilliam movie and that's "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but it also did not convince me. However, it is this movie that really makes me anxious for your other work. I give 9/10, maybe up to 9,5 / 10.
