Terry Gilliam and David Peoples teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 1990s. Did people prove a script with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I especially love the idea that you can not change the past; is a good counterpoint to so many films that travel in time and say the opposite? biological holocausts and the thin line between sanity and madness. Gilliam visualized his ideas with originality, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is engaging: a man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heart-warming performance) travels several decades into the past to retrieve information about a virus that wiped out humanity and left only a few survivors alive underground: with the information he will collect, scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone can return to the surface in the future. But as the technology of time travel is not perfect, it ends up being sent to other different past and complicating things. And from that, a brilliant science fiction thriller with movie noir tones follows as the multiple pieces of a huge puzzle begin to fit together to form a bizarre narrative involving right-wing animal activists, end of millennial paranoia, biological weapons, the perception of reality and the definition of sanity. With such a complex movie, it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking narrative that will please those who like to be challenged and have the patience to enjoy some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once 10 years ago. This struck me a lot: I still remember thinking many days later; to my young mind, it sounded rather mind-boggling and was one of the first films to make me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I re-watched this movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered. Does Brad Pitt still steal all the scenes he's playing Jeffrey Goines? almost a prelude to his character Tyler Durden in Fight Club? a rich kid with some anarchist / nonconformist ideas who is also crazy and, according to Cole, perhaps responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the asylum are the best in the movie, Pitt's eyes, voice and quirky mannerisms convince you that he's really a crazy guy stuck in a distorted logic that only he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination was well-deserved! Also surprising was the performance of Bruce Willis: his did not remember me very well, but it is beautiful and full of sensitivity; He plays a man who has spent most of his life underground, and when he reaches the past, you share your childhood fascination with something as simple as breathing in the fresh morning air or watching the sun rise. Cole is a very ambiguous character, Peoples tried to imbue some darkness in him, and he does other things upsetting to other people and to himself: the scene in which he removes his teeth reveals how far his dementia has not been controlled. Ironically Cole did not start out as a crazy character, but when he starts to warn everyone about the end of the world, he is considered crazy and convinced that everything is on his mind until he reaches a point where he can not distinguish past reality of fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and works perfectly. One of the twists in the narrative is when Cole's psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, finds undeniable evidence that he really is from the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. The script is full of strange twists and keeps the movie at a brisk pace. Their relationship is also well done, though perhaps a bit time-consuming. But I liked to see Cole and Railly falling in love and trying to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in a tragic / bittersweet climax at an airport, wrapping all the pieces together, which will drive away many minds. <br /> <br /> There are two major finals in this film, a turnaround in the direction of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate ending where Railly is crouched next to Cole, who has just been shot and is looking for a young James Cole who is witnessing his future death; the two share a brief glance, and she smiles at him. The turnaround is brilliant, but I prefer that end to the emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good at playing Dr. Railly, she attracted many different emotions from me in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film shows this in a terrifying way. This reminds me of Chinatown, in that sense, the way Jake Gittes ruins everything, plus he tries to help. Railly's character shares this fatalism, but does she try to help Cole ?? first dealing with his "madness" then helping him in his mission? the more they are sucked into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The turnaround ends with a hopeful note, however, with the feeling that Cole's mission was not in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to watch if anyone wants to have fun; is not to be art, despite being more artists than many artistic films. It's an unpretentious film, where all the elements, from music to editing, to costume, etc., have beautifully come together to produce a masterpiece of modern cinema.
