Undoubtedly, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best films of the genre Sci-Fi and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger in taking away this cinematic originality. An apocalyptic movie that leaves you completely bewitched, 12 MONKEYS never give up and you guessed it all the way. The excellent use of Philadelphia locations and the dead world scene creates a gothic feel of tragedy and two people are caught up in time in the wrong place. <br /> <br /> Bruce Willis escapes his macho image and portrays a real madman who's right about all this going to happen. He is in fact they are, but the people of the future (or gifts, if you will) distort the head of this guy so badly during the trip in time, it is no wonder he goes astray. He is sent to World War I soon after the beng is sent to the wrong year to discover how the Army of the Twelve Monkeys does the annihilation of civilization as we know it. They finally got it right and in what is truly a remarkable script to match performance, we got to see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and a sinister Brad Pitt with cross-references over 6 years. <br /> Stowe It's sexy and solid as the risk-taking shrink slowly slowly realizes that Willis may not be as cracked as it looks. A captivating element in the relationship between her and Willis is the feeling of "seeing" each other before, at another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is essentially about the time and madness that futuristic people immerse in him and the times of the present, when murderers and a psychotic genius can alter the world. <br /> <br /> The brooding city of Philadelphia is a somber, gloomy place. gothic background to the situation of Willis to complete his mission which is against all the usual stereotypes of Hollywood, not save the world. He is collecting information. The film also does tricks with the viewer, putting Willis in a new setting at the drop of a pin. This must have been an extremely difficult image to make, but Gilliam seems to be the master of hard cinema. He even leaves a bit of humor reminiscent of other great works like TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is the screen of this man and he knows how to paint a sometimes terrifying picture of the world and its possible future within the dominant atmosphere of big budget films. If you want sincere madness and ironic tragedy, see 12 MONKEYS. <br /> <br /> RATING: 9 out of 10
