Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have existed for centuries, from the very creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what may become of the future in the coming tomorrow, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is right before our eyes are at the center of all these stories, whether good or bad. bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is naturally natural to this type of film. It gives the film a decadent feel everywhere, showing a society ragged by its own excesses and bringing up the sense of impending tragedy, despite having moments of comedy. His world, the world in which twelve mothers are revealed, is a place where the madmen run loose, where cities are crumbling into dirt and neglect, where everything smacks of foreboding despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness approaches each corner. This is a very somber film, but its better, more linear (despite the twists that are under review), and one that gets better with repeated views. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which a deadly virus was released to mankind in 1996 and thus led to the extermination of Life on the Planet As We Know It. This leads future scientists to try to fix the fate of humanity on Earth by employing renegade citizens - the scum of Earth - as guinea pigs to go back in time, including a James Cole (underestimated by the great effect of Bruce Willis). Cole could be anyone. We do not know anything about him, but in a way, it does not matter, since he's little more than one of the many expendable volunteers and tips his character infiltrates later on as he approaches fulfilling his mission. What we do know is that he is a man who dreams, and his dreams may have come true: he may already have been on the scene of the 1996 Event. <br /> <br /> It is this constant feeling of déjà vu that keeps appearing throughout the film. When he was taken to a mental ward by mistake in 1990, he meets Jeffrey Goines (played by Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt) who talks frantically about doom and destruction, and later Cole believes he saw Goines in his recurring dream. man pushing a boy to the side while escaping ... what? He does not know. Later he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his early reactions to him is that he is insane, and that she has seen him before. This becomes a current idea throughout her involvement in this passive / resilient story of the active and even a little crazy believer that Something Terrible is coming here, especially when she meets him six years later: she has seen Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he continues to have in which she also plays a role as a blonde woman running down the aisle, screaming for help, after shots were fired and a particular redheaded man in a ponytail ( Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently escaped, not before pushing the boy who is an innocent bystander. The questions arise: did these events happen? Are they going to happen? Who really is a part of it, or better yet - is everyone, even the smallest player, a part of a Great Land? Or is this all a trick in the fabric of time when Time itself is a huge conveyor belt showing repetitions of repeating event fragments? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterful sequence that includes key scenes from Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece, VERTIGO, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton laments his brief existence ("You did not take notice," she says, as Cole and Railly watch from their seats in the movie theater where they are hidden). Excerpts from VERTIGO's dialogue form a shield for dialogue between Railly and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up from seemingly dozing in the theater and looks for Railly, he comes face to face with her in disguise (looking almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint of NORTH BY NORTHWEST) as the swelling Bernard Herrmann marks the emergence of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequel, more because of the more unlikely occurrence of actors' names in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who wears a blonde wig and a gray raincoat and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while helping an "insane ". James Stewart plays a detective who tries to help Madeleine Elster, who later reappears not once but twice, first as the brunette Judy Barton and later as Madeleine. Action and re-enactment, play and re -play.
