Jokingly, I rented 12 Monkeys the other day because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis and heard a few things about the movie. Some good and some bad but it was one of those movies you had to watch every second so I was a little worried. Just because I felt for a minute if this would be one of those movies that I had to watch multiple times to get. But I watched it last night and I was really impressed, this movie had it all: action, drama, science fiction, story, black humor and even a little romance. All the actors did a great job, I give Bruce a lot of credit during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist, he really surprised me. But Brad Pitt, I'm amazed how much he did a great job. He no longer made his character, which was crazy, and just made it work and was extremely believable. The story was just scary but very good and an alert. James Cole is a man in the future where a virus has erupted in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including him. The animals are now dominating the ground, while humans are down there, but scientists have sent James back to the 1990s (actually wanting to send him to 96) to find out about the virus. James is placed in a mental institution that meets his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, of course nobody believes him, he goes back to the future. But the scientists send him back to the correct year where the doctor is kidnapped by James, but he counts more and believes in him. Now they are trying to stop the virus from happening. <br /> <br /> The 12 Monkeys was an incredible movie. Like I said, the story was so scary just because it's not hard to believe we're not far from it. But the whole movie was great, the cast, the sets, the whole picture was great. There was a kind of exterminator of feelings where we could lose something precious one day if we did not listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a great movie that if you give the chance, I'm sure you'll like it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
