An intriguingly daring film weaves the seemingly effortless camera work with an excellent cast and an explosive soundtrack to trace the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of the Santiago underworld on two naive young brothers in the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br/> Rookie of films Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, working in the nightclub owned by the new mini-wave of the Chilean cinematographic production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, played by Nestor Cantillana, is easily persuaded to become the leader of Trejo after a night at the strip club to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the opening scene of this opening scene, the film explodes into neo-noir exploration of all that the outside world does not normally expect to see in this stereotypically conservative and catholic country. The charms of Gracia's seduction attract the three men as bees to honey, although the circular narrative of the triple fantasy novel revolves around the linear portrait of the major international drug deals among men of Trejo and the 'Gringo', Eduardo Barril. Power relations become a vital theme as outsiders fuse into a mini-family. The prostitute holds an exotic spell on all Chilean men in the film, emerging from her ambiguous position on the periphery of society and is seen as holding the key to the future of all three men. The relations between Trejo and Cantillana become important, since the parents of the boys are conspicuous by their absence (they are supposed to still live in Temuco). Therefore, it is Trejo, the godfather, who "adopts" Cantillana and effectively "does" him as a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate outsider, because her dependence on her "father figure," Cantillana, becomes increasingly tense by the envy of beautiful Grace. However, Miranda remains trapped by the restriction of still being in school - he is dependent on Cantillana, who is dependent on Trejo for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the rule of 'Gringo', and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and also as his strip clubs. The figure of Grace acts like a time bomb seen as a beautiful firework, it involves a web of beauty within the patriarchy, but the tension can only lead to a climax. <br /> <br /> As the tensions of these power relations come to mind, Grace remains ambiguously indescribable. The spectator never knows which male figure she will commit to. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shootout that realigns power relations and erases half of the main male protagonists. The final shot of Miranda's beating face that descends rapidly on the PanAmerican road is hopelessly powerful. The boy was sucked into the underworld's attraction of the city, but lost his only visible family, and his wife, who is his only friend in the movie. He has nothing. Primal metaphors are brave and courageous. This is a gangster movie in Chile. Notions of family, no sex before marriage etc, are abolished, and instead the harsh realities on the other side of Santiago's coin are displayed in all their wild glory. Trejo beats Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda make love in a movie theater - a prostitute having sex with a child she barely knows. The 'gringos' are seen as having financial control over this small Latin American nation, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal drug path. <br /> <br /> Waissbluth's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld. , which raises so many social issues, more perhaps than the record of success Sexo Con Amor, inside a smooth, smooth firework, which put this film firmly next to Sex With Love, Taxi For Three, and The Sentimental Chacotero, as cinematographic evidence that Chile is well and truly artistically alive and in action in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
