Director / writer Andrés Waissbluth has worked seven years to complete this two-hour movie about clandestine crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps that is one reason why the resulting film seems episodic and needs to be edited. Or, maybe that's the technique of a director who shows a good sense of noir movie narrative. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio eldest (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the youngest (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio works to support education by Victor. On Victor's 17th birthday, Silvio takes the virgin to the clubs, where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's stripper / prostitutes. In a tender scene, Victor has to face his nascent impotence, while Silvio is in the club, impressing the "owners" with their recruiting potential. <br /> <br /> Silvio will work for the gang as a bodyguard / henchman and makes good money to support Victor's schooling. But Victor has eyes for one of the club dancers named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and begins to court her, leaving the school incurring Silvio's disappointment. Gracia is just the grip of gang leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), who is the boss of Silvio! Gracia is the glue that keeps this story together, since she is the mistress of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre ménage a trois have fatal results. Through a means of retelling the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Grace, we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in each character that allow for the resulting fall. <br /> <br /> Does it sound like a Chilean police fiction? Well, it is and is filmed in a brutally colorful and somber manner that includes lots of frontal nudity (female and male) and provocative sex encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives this film, playing with the virginal debutante psyche against the hardcore sex professional successfully. The cast is quite strong, especially Antonella Rios in the demanding role of Grace. There are enough twists and turns and replays of incidents that you think you understood the first display but that change drastically in impact when told by the eyes of a different character. Over the course of two hours, some judicious editing helped in the film's impact. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who like the style of cinema noir and the art of South American cinema. Grady Harp
