*** SPOILERS *** One of the first World War II movies coming out of Hollywood that shows how the war affected those soldiers, or, in this case, the US Marines who fought against it. <br /> <br /> Al 21-year-old Schmid, John Garfield, was starting to live on a well-paying job - earning about $ 40 a week - at local steelmaker and girl Ruth Hartley, Elenore Parker, with who was to marry when the Japanese ruined everything for him, and millions of young Americans, attacking the US Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor. Fulfilling his duty as an American citizen, Al immediately joined the US Marine Corps in the hope of returning to the Japanese knowing, correctly as it was, that the Marines would be the first American combat units to attack them. Al finally had his chance when his unit, the 1st Division of the Navy, landed on August 7, 1942 in Guadalcanal, in the distant Solomon Islands, to engage the Japanese who were in control. It was during the battle of the River Ilu that Al almost alone prevented a massive Japanese attack from Banzai, with his machine gun, wave after wave of suicide attacks by the determined Japanese until aid, or reinforcements, finally arrived. It was during the bloody fight that Al was hit in the face by a Japanese grenade that ended up blinding him. <br /> <br /> Now, back to the convalescing states at a naval hospital Al is faced with something much more difficult to overcome next, battling an attack the size of a battalion of Japanese or German soldiers. He is faced with a future in which you will never see and will have to depend on others to take care of him or him! Let's see in the movie "Pride of the Marines" Al battle himself much harder than he did the Japanese troops in Guadalcanal in only reaching conditions with his incapacity. Not wanting anyone, especially his girlfriend Ruth, to feel sorry for him. Al, in fact, is the one who feels more sorry for himself than anyone else in the movie. It is with the help of Navy nurse Virginia Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp and Ruth, along with his US Navy friend Lee Diamond, Dane Clark, who in the end gives the courage to face his blindness with the same force he faced wave after wave of Japanese troops in Gudalcanal. A courage that Al thought to have lost back to that island hell abandoned by God in the South Pacific. <br /> <br /> Based on the true story of US Sgt. Albert Schmid, "Pride of the Marines" showed what we would expect from the dozens of thousands of US military personnel wounded returning from the war. We were able to see how in many ways it was much harder for those fighting in the war to adapt to an America in times of peace when they left something like Al Schmid behind the battlefield. The battle of Al with his personal demons was much more difficult than the Japanese he fought in that they were part of him and therefore had to fight himself in order to overcome and eventually defeat them. Despite the help he received from both Virginia's nurse and his girlfriend Ruth as well as his Navy doctor - who bears a striking resemblance to actor Gregory Peck - it is up to Al to overcome the fears he faced. Fears that he and he alone had to fight and overcome, as was said by everyone in the movie, alone.
