I had not seen this movie in probably 35 years, so when I recently noticed that it would be on television (cable) again for the first time in a long time (not available on video), I made sure I did not miss it. And unlike so many other films that seem to lose their brilliance when they are finally seen again, I discovered that the visual images of the "Pride of the Marines" were as vivid and effective as I remembered it for the first time. What makes this movie so special anyway? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his experience with the crew of the Navy's machine gun at the Battle of the Tenaru River at Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains 95% true to the book on which it was based, "Al Schmid, Marine" by Roger Butterfield, varying just enough to meet the film's time constraints. This is not a typical "war movie" where the action is central, and in fact the war scene is a brief 10 minutes or so in the middle of the movie. But it's ten memorable minutes, filmed in the lowest light possible to describe a night battle, and they are devoid of the false heroes or falsehoods that often plague the genre. Probably ahead of its time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to convey the brutal, ugly, brutal nature of the battle to the public, and probably shocked the public when it was spotted shortly after the war. This movie is not about "glorifying" the war; I can not imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and wanting to enlist in the service. Not immediately, anyway. <br /> <br /> What this movie really matters is the outcome of the battle, and how bruised men can learn to claim their lives. There's a great hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this, and I feel that's another reason the film was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. There is a sequence of "dreams" done in negative (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and the acting is strong, too, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role. The actors do not do that, but added to the equation, it's just another reason why this movie succeeds in telling a story so difficult and unattractive.
