In the area of ​​scripted films from some other area (or whatever the Oscar title), "Holes" has credibility. I think it's best if the author creates the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a script to save his life, then create the author and someone fluently talented in the area of ​​the script. Aside from that, this review is about "holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and a spoiler maybe found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and spins that he can write a screenplay. I watched the movie and then read the book and both had no incoherence or stupidity. Some people simply possess natural talents that can transcend mediums. (2) The best-performing award goes to Shia LaBeouf for her role as lead character. He "dug" himself on paper. I wanted to see his character justified before completion. (3) To increase suspense a bit, Andrew Davis was brought in. This is the man who made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast. It can also make Steven Seagal smash a few heads. As for this movie, it made Shia and the rest of the boys dig a few holes. In other words, it can make a movie "full of action" and make it well, even if "action" is not the main genre is not "action." (4) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as the Lord. Sometimes a goofy paper brings out the best of an interpreter. When Voight uttered the phrase "Once upon a time ...", I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and should investigate some more roles that will allow him to exercise this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever he is given a solid script. This is probably the second best role I've ever seen in it (second only to 'The Brother Where Art Thou?'). (6) I love the choice of settings for the movie. I did not know California was so dry or so arid. I think both the population and the land area can be misleading. (7) The overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water. One could imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast also deserves a box of Kudos bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khourth Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the project were taken advantage of because of their talents and did very well. Great cast, although it was anywhere near ensemble. (9) I like a movie that does not explain anything at once. When Stanley tipped his baseballs with a baseball cap, it made me want to see how events might be strange and that this is a key ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) needs to make some more of these mature teen films. It was palatable to me and I am a college student. The last Disney youth movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" possibly exceeds (as the 2000 election is still close to closing). Disney can do greatness if you decide to expand that genre and keep the art in mind when milking a cash cow when it comes. Ten reasons give a score of ten! <br /> <br /> Overall, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best of this year (this movie may not be Oscar material, but who said Material Oscar is the best material?) . In terms of being a movie from a book I read, this one is behind the "Fight Club" on my list (which is at the top). For being a movie I saw in 2003, this is the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel to Harry's head and takes the final mortal blow with a smelly sneaker to Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie because it informs and entertains. My speech ends here!
