And I'm serious! Truly one of the most fantastic movies I've ever had the pleasure of watching. What is so wonderful is that, very rarely, a good book turns into a movie that is not only good but, if possible, better than the novel on which it was based. Maybe in the case of the Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it's a rare occurrence indeed. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped the masses, so the film is close to the story, but it takes this even further. This movie has many elements that make it what it is: 1. A unique and original story with a good mix of fun and humor but a mature edge. 2. Bright actors. Adults and children, these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their speeches with enthusiasm and style, without going overboard, as sometimes happens with children's films. 3. Breathtaking scenery. And no matter if it's real or CGI, the setup itself is a masterpiece. I particularly love the picture of the holes from the birds point of view. 4. A talented director who gives life to the book and turns it into a technicolor genius. The transitions in time work well and capture the constant climax of the book, leading to the twists and turns throughout the film. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who made me read a book nonstop from start to finish, so I could not stop. It ensures that the script stays in the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And speaking of the script! The one-liners on this are intelligent, funny and unpatronising. But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry and pull your heart strings to make you love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There's not a song in this movie that I did not fall in love with, and that's something considering I should be a punk rocker. The songs connect the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you are going to buy the movie, I recommend you buy the soundtrack too, especially for "If Only", which revolves around the story and contains the chorus of the book. <br /> <br /> I do not work for the people who made the Hole, by the way, I'm just a fan, connecting my favorite movie and giving it the criticism it deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. This very moment. Go!
