Holes is a fable about the past and the way it affects the current life of at least three people. One of them I will quote, the other two are mysteries and so will remain. Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unlucky in life. Badness, in fact, characterizes the destinies of most Yelnats men and has been, since the explorations of Stanley IV, "no good-dirty-pig-rotten-stealing-great-great-grandfather." These deeds in particular cursed the family men in many twists and turns. It is exactly during this turn that we find Stanley IV. He was falsely accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, newly donated to a shelter auction, by a famous baseball player. He is given the option of arrest, or he can go to a character building camp. "I've never been camping before," says Stanley. With this, the Judge sends him with enthusiasm to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place with a strange philosophy: 'If you catch a bad boy, make him dig a hole every day in the hot sun, it will turn him into a good boy. We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Sir Sir (John Voight), one of the "advisers" of the field. We get the impression that he is a dangerous man. He at least uses his attitude honestly; he does not think he's cool. Field mentoring counselor, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is a totally different subject. He acts as part of the sensitive counselor, but he is quicker, faster than any other person with authority to release the most verbal verbal offenses of his accusations. The director has a decisive capacity for pettiness, but moreover it is a mystery. These three govern Camp Green Lake, a place that has no lake. It is only a dry and full of holes, one meter and a half deep and one and a half meters wide. Its local fauna seems to be only the vultures and dangerous poisonous lizards stained yellow. Green Lake seems to be, in many ways, a haunted place. <br /> <br /> Holes work despite the strange environment, and the strange story, because it understands people. Specifically because he is honest in the way he deals with the prisoners at Camp Green Lake. The film captures the way the boys interact with each other perfectly. It captures how boys can be intimidated, how they can gain admiration, how they quarrel with each other, and how boys line up along the age line. It's this very nuanced core that makes the rest of the film believable. What is also refreshing about this movie is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in a familiar curse, is not bitter with the infamous exploits of his "not-good-dirty-theft of rotten-pig-uncle-great-great-grandfather." In fact, he loves to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and determined not to let it affect him in the way he affected his father and grandfather. Sometimes there is a lot of sadness in the movie, but not much wallowing in the anguished nonsense. And this is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is a clever, insightful and witty family movie. Have fun, not cheaply. It's not a comedy, although it has its laughter. He dares to be convincing, where many family films tend to be safe and conventional. As such it transcends the genres of family films and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give a 10.
