Gruveyman2 (comment below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance by the very city to which you have loyalty. It's that whiny arrogance, that you're ironically claiming that the movie exhales about SF, which makes you look like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you felt the movie was so self-congratulatory about SF is because you're jealous. Of course you do not know, because you're so tired of Los Angeles. First of all the movie was completely factual about a beautiful city; what was filmed there and what was filmed by some of its most famous inhabitants. It does not say anything bad about LA; and these talented directors choose to live in a beautiful city of Los Angeles. They acknowledge they went to LA film school and are obviously proud of that fact. They acknowledge that SF is close to Los Angeles, which is a benefit. The only negative thing that was said to relate to LA was the studio executives. The same studio executives who hated these guy movies when they first saw them, but then those same movies became big box office movies. So why would not they have animosity toward the studio's executive set-up and studio system? These are the only people who are trying to "disassociate" and for good reason! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say Francis Ford Coppola is the so-called director of San Francisco? How should he not be considered this? And who directed the godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on screen that he won a prize for best picture. So, what gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he did not even want to make the movie ... so what's your point? What if Sophia wants to live in Los Angeles? And that proves your point how? And tell me how they are not truly independent when they finance many of their own films. Movies that are now considered classic. And when they did studio background movies, one was LA who came up to them and said we wanted you to take these pictures and two, they used the money they made to make those photos to fund theirs. They said exactly that in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your whining and self-congratulatory whining would assume an air of greater self-worth and credibility if you never set foot on the floor that you claim to be superior in this movie." /> How the hell can "bitch" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of self-esteem and credibility ... if they ever go to LA again? What a stupid and meaningless comment! You entered some big words there ... and you do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they never claimed or suggested that they were superior to LA! So if they're giving a New York guy a prize in Los Angeles ... again what the heck is your point? So if they go to LA or New York, are they hypocrites simply preferring to live in SF? You do not make sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film focused on just one aspect ... making movies. For you to take the time and enter nasty comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) only proves what we, Northern Californians, hate about people in Los Angeles! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA ... BUT I RECOMMEND ANYONE.
