PLACE THE CAMERA IN ME is a deceptively cute movie. In fact, it is a complex glimpse into children's psychology and offers interesting insights into the development of adults and an artist. On the surface, this is a nostalgic look at some home movies made in the 80's by a group of upper-class neighborhood kids. One of the directors of the film, Darren Stein, had access to a video camera and quickly assumed artistic leadership of all the films. Of course, these are just some cute kids having fun. But this is also much more. This is a look at some moments in time when children deal with a number of confusing issues that we all face in life - fear, sexual awakening, unrequited love, loneliness and just trying to make sense of the adult world that seems to explode to our around. As we get older, we tend to forget how much the realities of life were excessive when we were little. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie even more valid is to watch a young Darren Stein become a little general of a filmmaker. Of course Darren is leading this program and these little movies are his vision, but everyone is told by his friends, his problems, the interpersonal dynamics and the general confusion about the horrors of adulthood. Many kids make home movies, but I've never heard of or seen kids make "small" movies about holocaust, homosexuality, nuclear war, and inability to fit in and make friends. These kids are facing and dealing with some heavy things! <br /> <br /> The power of this film is the way Stein and Shell pull several scenes together so hard with interviews with children - all of them now adults and all still friends. This adds a new angle to the movie. How many of us have kept in touch with our childhood friends? These guys have it. And many of the problems with which they were dealing still run between them two decades later. Among the conflicts - a confession of a passion reveals a still broken heart, a very normal childhood sexual experience remains a "sticky" subject between two of the men, some ongoing resentments about the dynamics of relationships and there is still a member of this team who stays very in command and center stage! Which makes perfect sense when watching these home movies over a few years. Darren Stein is a director. No doubt about it. Stein and Shell take turns talking to each other from time to time and one can not help but imagine the embarrassment of allowing us to peer into their young lives. This is particularly true for Stein, who had great success in the entertainment industry as a producer, writer, and film director. From the first moment of putting the camera on me, we can see the emergence of a gay little boy trying to figure it all out. We also see sides of the artistic mind and personality that are not always "cool" or "thoughtful" - and this is a bold move for any artist to share with the public. <br /> <br /> There are so many revealing moments, but the most disturbing and complex moments involve a film in which we see a victim of a Jewish concentration camp being tortured and killed by a Nazi. We find through interviews and narration that the Nazi is played by a Jewish child and the part of the victim is represented by a Gentile child. It is a painfully disturbing moment that glimpses the darker side of fear and the way children work through the horrors of the adult world that are beyond the comprehension of adults, much less than a child. <br /> <br /> This is much more than some home movies. This documentary captures the pain, beauty, joy and sadness of growing up. Powerful things --- and worth seeing! <br /> <br />:
