The trick to creating a good, solid mystery story is as much a matter of time as it is about tangles, colorful characters, or startling twists. Anyone who has ever worked in frustration with unquestionable crossword puzzles in the New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve is no fun. The best murder mysteries, whether on film or print, are matters of little importance that get to the point, spell their clues, line up their suspects, and hopefully throw us some surprises; being complicated without being unduly confused. And they play fairly; on the second, third, and fourth sights of the red lanes and lanes, we should be equally glad to marvel at how well everything joins together, since we were first of all surprised. In fact, good thrillers should improve on repeated views as we anticipate double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's comedy thriller DEATHTRAP, derived from Ira Levin's Broadway play, is a prime example. He moves in a neat clip, cleverly juggling his clues, being (almost) totally honest with us (even when he's lying to us) and yet never revealing where he's going (even when he's telling us where he can go) . It is less a murder mystery film in the traditional vane than a murder mystery film, derived from a play on dramaturgy. Instead of retreating - a murder and then an investigation to explain why it happened - DEATHTRAP leads us through the crime (s) step by step, leaving ample room for the unexpected; as the ads advise, is less a "whodunit" than a "whodo". DEATHTRAP is often compared (unfavorably, strangely) with the SLEUTH versions of the film and the film, although in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM, the self-mocking essay on teen-bopper terror. . Like that clever movie, DEATHTRAP labels itself (a thriller about thrillers), sets parameters ("a five-character game") and then deconstructs its genre by revealing itself as "the most extravagant and absurd set of circumstances." fun enough to persuade an audience to suspend their disbelief. "DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a mystery with just five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones as a cautious lawyer is on hand (and to provide us with her penchant for folkloric charm) and Irene Worth is all the quirks and comic relief as a psychic detective who acts as the nominal detective.This leaves three main characters to be the killer and / or victim (s) ): It's a testament to Michael Caine's abilities that, like Sidney Bruhl, a mystery author, he creates a character we like and trust intrinsically, even when we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. wife adored, though somewhat tiresome, Myra, Dyan Canon flirts with the excess giving a roller coaster of a performance with a character who, by turns , seems to be fragile or arrogant, cunning or hysterical, timid or bold and uncompromising in love with a Sidney less than reciprocal. The third angle of this unexpected triangle is a young playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve, in such a way that we can never understand who his character is: an enthusiastic writer, a semi-innocent victim or a very charming sociopath. As the various characters dance around each other, the script cleverly adapted by renowned screenwriter Jay Presson Allen manages to be consistently entertaining, even when building suspense. And even after the final turnaround (an improvement over the end of the play), it may not be clear who manipulated who did what. Lumet is not a master of comedy, so he allows his skilled cast to reign free to give body to the characters and they all give a sharp, theatrical and at the same time subtle work with Reeve being particularly noteworthy. But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight spaces. As he did brilliantly in 12 MEN'S IRRITATES, he makes a set piece, and with a minimum of aperture, manages to make what could have been tight, dizzying and stagnant look infinitely photogenic and spacious. The setting, a cottage converted from an old windmill, is relatively small but, as designed by Tony Walton, it manages to be both cozy and charming as well as scary and treacherous. It's so hard to tell where the studio scene and the real cottage cross borders, to some extent, the setting becomes a sixth character. And like the crime scene, it's a very inviting deadly trap.
