Having previously seen the abbreviated copy presented by David Shepard, I finally got a full version - or closer, which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version more widely distributed. Shepard's impression for Image Entertainment is certainly top quality, and the best parts are there, but it's still good to see the rest of the film and fill some loose story ends. In the Shepard print, the film ends with Mary stating, "You see, I've changed my mind - I never go home." Still, in the full version, does Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship right after that scene ?? Is Mary coming home to the country? and Driscoll revives his relationship with Vivian. This additional footage develops the character Vivian, who had little relevance in Shepard's version. In addition, in the full version, the film begins inside New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fancy about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the reality of the farm's advances Johnny Applebloom (a character completely absent from Shepard's version), but after her affair with Driscoll, she returns to the country to presumably and eventually become a farmer's wife. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the print, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good little movie for 1917 made by one of the top directors of the 1910s, Maurice Tourneur. In it, Tourneur does many jabs in his own business, including making a caricature of himself - the director of the film within the film. The two protagonists also give quality performances by the initial standards of acting: Robert Warwick, an actor who plays a star who chases a skirt, and Doris Kenyon, as a naïve aspirant to play a star on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referential movies, which made cinema the focus of movies, were nothing new so far. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years earlier with Mabel's "Dramatic Career". Several aspects of this stand out, however. Frances Marion's captions are humorous, including illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with one hand pointing at them - notable for 1917. I particularly liked the final titles of the film where two observers comment on the happy ending of the film: The other one replies, "Romance, nuthin! That's movin 'pictures!" Screenwriter Anita Loos also made a self-referential conclusion similar to another 1917 film, "Wild and Woolly." Both writers helped to change the role of their professions in business and in art. <br /> <br /> Some of the photos of Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially with regard to the filmmaking business. The use of mirrors in various scenes is a good reinforcement of the film's self-reflexivity. In addition, the edition is exceptional. Rapid cutting during studio scenes is especially salient; serves to punctuate the frenetic pace of filmmakers' work, especially at that time.
