Riff Randell is a fan obsessed rock band; The Ramones and so are the majority of the school's students. But a new tyrant from a director, Togar thinks rock 'n' roll is a bad influence for students, especially for the Ramones' music. Then, when Riff discovers that they are performing in the city, she misses class for a few days to get tickets for her and her friends. But when Mrs. Togar finds out why she really took the days off, she confiscates the tickets. While this is true, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Riff, but Riff's friend Kate Rambeau feels the same way about Tom. But Riff has his eyes fixed only on vocalist Joe Ramone and hopes to get to the show to make them play his music . <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, does not even 'Rock n Roll High School' move away from the main focus? a noisy and daggy joke! It was not what I expected, for sure. Everyone who participates in this project seems to be enjoying themselves and the relaxing nature is shown on screen with energy providing such a brilliant spirit, which makes for an invaluable experience. This is not to say that I think the art and the plot are as useless as they can be. But watching this passionate, crazy ride, which turns into some good and harmless ones, I just could not get the smile off my face. It's tacky, very tacky, densely chaotic, but funky-dory! This low-budget feature from producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who co-wrote (plus he co-directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of filming). It's basically a glorious tribute to the 1950s films, sticking to fruitful cliches and tossing into the stew the teen rebellion tag because of the generation gap between them and the adults (who always know best). These features may not be particularly recent but increase the appeal because of the dynamic and enjoyable treatment. The movie has only one thing in mind, to get out in a bang! And they can do it. Courtesy of 'The Ramones', which present themselves. Really, you could say it's a great music video, since it's all about the Ramones? well, most anyway. I see a lot about the Ramones' ability to act. These are musicians and not actors, which means it's not about their acting here, it's the music that we should dig. They are here to introduce themselves! What, they deliver on that front with some kick-ass tracks that sprinkled the film to create a totally optimistic vibe. Especially, their extravagant gig shows. The bustling soundtrack also had some killer songs from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jump tracks fit well with the unconcerned feeling and even the score was worked out quite well. Especially in the scenes involving Mrs. Togar with the punctuation grabbing the good mood that envelops her mind. The playful mood of the film is much like a roller coaster ride with such a daring rhythm between electrifying songs and comedic segments ranging from slapstick routines scattered to the sometimes clever, ironic dialogue. Launched in good measure there are a variety of light and heavy jokes, which I found very pleasurable and gave her such a greater reach to express herself. <br /> <br /> What else gave the film an extra boost? the divine PJ Soles (best known for his performance on Halloween), who performed as unbelievably well as Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dey Young, as the extremely cute Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as the clumsy Tom Roberts and the go to the Eaglebauer man, who is brilliantly played by Clint Howard. Also some of Corman's top goers come up with great performances by Mary Woronov, who is excellent as the picky Ms. Togar who is pushing her unfair kingdom to the students, Paul Bartel as McGree and a small supporting role of Dick Millar at the end . . The enthusiastic acting is pretty exaggerated, but that fits well with the material and there is a certain sympathy from these characters, but we totally despise Mrs. Togar and her hall monitor monkeys. <br /> <br /> There's nothing around the bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is an intoxicating joke, of a rad time!
