The brain that would not die was considered so unpleasant in 1959 that several cuts and the passage of three years were necessary before being released in 1962. Today it is hard to imagine how one could take it seriously even in 1959; the thing is both shocking and indecent, but also incredibly ridiculous, in a deeply arrogant way. The story, of course, is about a doctor who is an eager experimenter on transplanting limbs - and when his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he runs headlong into his secret lab. With the help of a few telephone cords, some staples and what looks like a shallow baking dish, it brings the head back to life. But is she grateful? Not difficult. In fact, she seems very annoyed at the whole thing, especially when it is known that the doctor plans to attach the head to another body. <br /> <br /> It turns out the doctor is picky about this new body: He wants a built for speed, and it takes to cross bewildered women on city sidewalks, haunting joints strips, visiting beautiful body contests and hunting cheesecake models for gifts that will raise their eyebrows. But back to the laboratory, the head developed a chemically induced psychic link with another of the doctor's experiments, so hideous that it is kept locked in a laboratory cupboard. Can they work together to get rid of bitter and malicious laboratory assistance, destroy the physician's revenge, and save the woman whose body he desires? It could be! Leader Jason Evers plays the trickster doctor as if he had received a massive dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, her unhappy head, screams and cackles, though she has no lungs and may not even have vocal chords. Petite Babies turn the music incredibly loud, actors make irrational character changes from one line to another, the dialogue is even more absurd than the plot, and you'll need a calculator to add the nonsense of continuity. In general, THE BRAIN THAT DID NOT DIE OUT even more unintentionally funny than an Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually manages to keep everything in order, and looking at the film today it is easy to choose scenes that influenced later directors, who no doubt saw the thing when they were young and impressionable and never got over it. The cuts made before the movie's release are lost forever, but the cuts made for television have been restored at Alpha's release, and while the sound and movie quality is not particularly good, it's good to remember that they probably were not. It's okay to start with. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of those movies that you will find incredibly monotonous or hilarious, depending on your point of view, so it is very difficult to give a recommendation. But I'll say this: if your tastes go to the likes of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to get this one from here and now! Four stars for your bizarre tacky solo! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
