There are two movie experiences that I always appreciate. The first was to see "Star Wars" for the first time at age 10 with my younger brother. The second is to go on Halloween on the Tripple Plex with my good friend Trevor at the end of October 1978. Halloween made me breathless, speechless and utterly frightened. Everyone knows the story. The young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escapes from a psychiatric hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to destroy the chaos again. He sees Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy veteran who loves babysitting, and begins to chase after her. His partying friends across the street are killed, one by one, while Michael sets his plan to catch her. Ironically, the boy she has on Halloween is afraid of the "Boogeman" and can see it from the outside. During the wave of assassinations, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works hard to find Michael before he lets go of his fury. He has no proof, no proof, just a hunch he has to sell to the Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a thriller instead of a scare of cheap emotion. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four men at a table playing cards and they do not know there's a bomb and it shoots." That's a cheap thrill, but put four men on a table that uncovers a bomb and argue what to do about it - then it does not happen, so you have suspense. "Director John Carpenter takes that advice to the max on Halloween. The public will see glimpses of him outside, watching, chasing after his victims. We gasped. Is he going to kill her? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses suspense instead of special effects that usually highlight blood. This film has little blood, but still provides good scares. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob off the floor. He lifts the knife back as the moonlight flashes, then leads him. All you hear is a loud thud, so the audience sees Bob's feet fall lifeless. Carpenter was the first to use a view of the killer scene. This also affects our audience. What will he do? What is going on inside his mind? Finally, Carpenter's astonishing score increases the tension. In addition, the writing tandem screen he did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters that interest us. Teenagers are not "party-goers," but only go through the rebellious anguish of the teenage desert. Finally, there is decent acting in this low budget thriller "B". Nick Castle, who plays "the way" (Michael), adds something to the irrational killer. It is cold, merciless and without any pathology. In addition, the personality does everything in the same way. It kills only when trapped, or to set a trap. He shares the victims. He also trusts brute strength. And this used mask (a bleached mask by William Shatner) gives the impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his expressionless monologues, he appears as someone frightened, desperate and determined. It made me wonder if it represented the attempted fading of modernism to explain evil. The jewel in the crown, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She interprets the character Laurie as someone afraid, but also determined and strong who struggles back. The end is the one that left me speechless. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be enjoyed countless times. Halloween, and other horror films, however, do not have this advantage. So if we could erase our minds the first time we see a movie to try it again as fresh and new, Halloween would be the movie I would choose.
