As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's 1978 classic is one of the first two movies I remember seeing and being heavily influenced by (the other being the classic Conan the Barbarian). It really scared me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I eventually became friend (imaginary friend) to stop him from killing me in my sleep. Now this is terror for a 10 year old. <br /> <br /> It's a horror classic and I'm sure my modest review will not do the justice it deserves. Most surprising of all is that the film still works, perhaps not in guttural reaction, but more in an immediate cognitive or subconscious possibility. All this could happen. It is not in the realm of impossibility or located in a foreign country (as the most modern terror is, ie Hostel, Tourists, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imagination. I believe it is this element that keeps people terrified or at least wary of going out at night with the characteristic soundtrack still alive in their heads. It still works because we can substitute implicit or tertiary death for something more frightening that our mind can create. So we are contributing to our own fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about an ordinary, suburban, relatively benign middle class kid who grabs Halloween and kills his sister. He then spends the next 15 years in an institution (which we fortunately did not try) just to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. On the way, it kills and kills. The child's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of the middle-class suburbs. In the bastion of American security and security, chaos can still strike. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being a person when he killed. He is not a serial killer, human being or psychopath. He is such an unstoppable force. The generic overalls, the white and bleached Shatner mask and the lack of any other dialogue, then some breathing, helps dehumanize and complete Michael's generalization. This is the source of all your power. He is faceless, speechless, and nothing remarkable, except as a source of implacable chaos. This is aided by cinematography (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation, and veteran narrative experience by Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). His superior performance and caring sells "the way". This is also the first film by Jamie Lee Curtis played by Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who holds the chaos in the face of overwhelming odds (at least a little bit). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first movie in this new horror movie niche (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not shrink after review. If you have not been scared of horror movies for a long time (like me), it will probably make the hairs on the back of your head vibrate in the first chords of the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie as a must see horror film and as one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter's career.
