I must admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way in which John Carpenter directed this image, opening the door to so many genres of lies, will shudder to the bone, whether it is the first time we watch it or the fiftieth. The sound, menacing horror of Michael Meyers and Jamie Lee Curtis's infamous cry give this film instant cult status and a great start to the independent era. I love music, I love the characters, the familiar yet scary environment, the simplistic nature of the villain and the random chaos of it all. There's really no rhyme or reason to murder in this first movie, giving us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he crazy or, in any way, just a very bright animal? That question may never really be answered, but Carpenter gives us 100% more devotion to this amazing masterpiece. <br /> John Carpenter is the master of terror. Although lately his films have not been the same caliber as before (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween has begun its career potency. This is your final movie. Although he has released other big names, I will always remember this as the movie that made me turn on all the lights, take care of being a nanny and check behind closed doors, because you never knew where the evil would appear next. Carpenter has this incredible ability to bring you into the world in which he weaves. With the power of his camera, he puts those images of Meyers in places you least expect, giving you the perception that the killer is right next to you. I loved every scene in which we moved back and there was Michael, watching from a distance, with no one wiser. That was scary, but absolutely brilliant. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter took his fright from the almost thin air. There you would be, minding your own business, when suddenly that horrible mask would appear out of nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just a trick, but that's where Carpenter catches you, is not it. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human being (or at least we think), but he has a stronger mental ability than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism, but even without it, this is a scary movie. <br /> <br /> So if you just do not have enough of Michael just spraying on the windows of your home Carpenter adds this chilling themed music. I still have this piano keystroke in my mind, constantly wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual sounds and chilling sounds to foretell what can happen to our innocent victims. It's lethal, and it's made with refreshing originality and more original emotions than anything released by today's Hollywood Horror could muster. The carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the middle of what could be a year of gross horror, with real scares being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that the quality is not exactly the same. <br /> <br /> Finally I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this movie is terrifying and creepy. The use of the "clown" mask sent shivers down the spine. The way it was filmed with that long shot using the kid's mask as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror openings of all time! It completely sets the tone for the rest of the movie. You have the babysitter theme, you have the childish behavior that you carry with Michael throughout the movie, and you have the artistic talent of Carpenter all in one. I could literally talk for hours and hours about this movie, but I'd rather watch it again. Worth repeating the visit many times! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think this is one of the most remarkable films in film history. Hop to all those foreign movies that think they are going to risk the movies face let them to a tight budget Carpenter and the film slasher genre. This unique film redefined a whole generation of horror films, and still continues to influence the horrors of modern times. The lethal combination of a genuinely scary killer, the powerful cinematography of events (which is not usually quite a horror movie), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween that movie above the rest. Of course, Freddy is cool and you have sympathy for Jason, but Michael is real, he's worried, and he's on the loose lust for the babysitting blood. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Grade: ***** out of *****
