Halloween is not just the godfather of all horror movies, but the greatest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most thrilling, creepy and terrifying movie of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film that he has inspired dozens of imitators such as Jason Vorhees (Friday the 13th), My Bloody Valentine and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I got a bit obscure there, but it shows the impact that this movie had on the entire horror genre. A monster no longer had to come from the tomb of King Tut or Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It could be created in the suburban small and cozy neighborhoods. And the night he returned home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the viewers would never be the same again. There are many aspects of this film that make it the most important jewel in horror films. First is the scenery ... it happens in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in such an area can easily identify with the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if the problem starts to ferment, no one wants to raise a finger to get involved (especially when a heavy-breathing madman is trying to sting our young heroine). movie happens on Halloween !! The scariest night of the year! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking to carve out some teenagers. Besides the scenery, there are great performances. Jamie Lee Curtis does a useful job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a high school girl who can never find a date. However, it's Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who actually steals the show. His portrait of the good doctor, who knows exactly what kind of evil hides behind Michael Myers' black eyes and feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is a horror legend. However, it is the score of the synthesizer that actually boosts that image, since it almost seems to put the viewer in the movie. After listening, you will never forget. I also like the grainy feel of this photo. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us every possible detail of the monster that we should be afraid of. At Halloween, John Carpenter never allows us to really take a complete look at Michael Myers. He always seems to be part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes him so terrifying. There are many scenes in which Michael is partially visible as he spies on young teens (without their knowledge), which increases their creepiness. If you think, some crazy man might be watching you now and you would not even know that. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for us horror fans) when they meet Michael, he is not looking for candy on this Halloween night ... he is looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is a key element to the effectiveness of this film. His tireless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him look like the killer who will never stop. He is the bogeyman who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So if you have not seen this movie yet (if there are still some of you who have not seen it yet, or if you have), get some popcorn, turn off all the lights, put it on the old DVD and watch it with fear. . Trick or treat!
