I just went through a phase where I wanted to see why the horror movies of the '90s could not steady themselves in the horror films of the' 70s and '80s. I've been very public in this forum about the lack of such films as The Haunting and Urban Legend and such. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what true horror is. And that bothered me enough to make me go to my local rental store and rent some of the classic horror movies. I already own every Friday, so I rented The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist, and Halloween. Now the other movies are classics by themselves, but this is where I want to talk about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is perhaps something no other movie in the history of horror movies can do, and it is using subtle techniques, techniques that do not depend on blood and blood, and uses it to scare the lights of your life . I was in a room alone with the lights out and as silly as I knew it was, I wanted to look back to see if Michael Myers was there. No movies I've seen in the last ten years have done this to me. No movies. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter made a low-budget film and scared a generation of moviegoers. It showed that you do not need budgets in the 8 or 9 figures to evoke fear in the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what really happens, but what is about to happen. What was that shadow? What was that noise upstairs? He knows these are the ways to scare someone and he uses all the elements of the horror book that I think you can use. I even think he invented some of his own ideas and these should be ideas that people use today. But they did not. No one uses lighting and details to provoke scares, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And it's not just the same. You can not be scared by a special giant effect that makes loud noises and jumps from a wall. It's the times when the killer is lurking, somewhere, you just do not know where, it scares you. And Halloween succeeds like no other movie in this venture. <br /> <br /> In 1963, a young Michael Myers kills his sister with a large butcher knife and then spends the next 15 years of his life, silently locked in an institute. . As Loomis (his doctor) tells Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to catch up with him and then seven more making sure he never left, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e-vile." maniac and relentless idea of ​​a murderer who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story very well.) What Carpenter has done here is taken by an astonishing trail, lying lighting techniques and wrote and directed a horror masterpiece , rhythmic. There is a scene that needs to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is going to get Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then did she realize that she left the keys in the house. She picks them up, comes back and inadvertently opens the car door without using the keys. The public realizes this, but it does not. She's too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits down, she notices that the windows are blurry. She is intrigued and begins to clear the fog, and then Myers attacks, from the back seat. This is a great scene because it pays attention to detail. We know what's going on and Annie does not. But it's astute observations that Carpenter did that scared moviegoers in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurred images of a murderer standing in the background, has shadows threateningly gliding through a wall, dark rooms, scary and haunting music, a sinister story told by Donald Pleasance and a menacing, relentless killer. My advice to filmmakers these days is to study Halloween. It should be the blue print on what horror movies are. After all, Carpenter followed in Hitchcock's footsteps, perhaps the director should follow. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything that scares us. If you are tired of all the irrational horror movies that do not know the difference between evil and cuteness, then Halloween is a movie that must be seen. Will not let you down. I like being scared, I do not know why, but I know. But nothing scared me in the 90's, except maybe a movie (Wes Craven's Final Nightmare). If you like to be scared, then Halloween is the one you should see. And if you've watched it a hundred times, come back and watch it again, with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will seduce you on all the beautiful faces in the movie. Halloween will leave you frozen with fear, trapped in your seat, not wanting to move. Now tell me, what horror movie do you prefer to watch? <br /> <br /> And just to follow up after seeing the Zumbi version, this makes you enjoy it so much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie bastardized his version, but does not take away the brightness of it.
