Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience of seeing 300 last year. It was not at all a bad movie, certainly not a medium one, but his plot and dialogue stood out as being at best conventional and at worst confusing and one-dimensional (which, perhaps based on Frank Miller's comic books, were the right decision to go with). But her primary strengths were based on intense action and bloody battles and having that 14-year-old girl feeling like watching drunken men fighting in bloody combat with swords, an occasional weird creature, or a super-hot woman to watch the surroundings pictorial While I would probably go back to watching Fire and Ice before the 300's, they both aroused this similar sentiment - the exception, of course, is that Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless books and comics, collaborated with director Ralph . Bakshi, in what is not typical of Hollywood, but something for diehard fans. <br /> <br /> What does this mean for the audience today to come back to check out the movie for the first time (now it can be coveted nostalgia for those who were young and watch it along with their VHS tapes Masters of the Universe back on the day) is the possible cons mentioned before and maybe you will see something a bit original. Fire and Ice is not even Bakshi's only rotoscopied feature, but it is possibly the most fluid - if not my favorite - of the few he has made, and he and his team create an impressive world that is part prehistoric, part out-of-this-world fantastic and medieval part, and all retouched with a hand of painters with respect to backgrounds, skies and grounds. There is a small disadvantage for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design; Bakshi went so far as to say that he is more Frazetta than he is. This may be true, but it does not make it more absorbent to the eyes or curious at those times when we do not see dead or gutted people in fast or slow motions (my favorite was the momentary skeleton guide - how they rotoscoped that amazes me). <br /> <br /> I neglect describing the plot as it would defeat the purpose of actually recommending it. If you are already stubborn in this type of style and approach to animation, the plot will be important depending on the degree to which two conflicting factions or a 'maiden' or princess are in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada , it is enough to say that it is about, well, Fire Against Ice, with characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest man on the plot and more comic in appearance) and Teegra (the typical hottie who is almost too perfect for the teenager). fantasy figure). What the plot does, as an advantage, is to allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense around the action, the progression of danger in the next great battle, such as when the ogres are hunting Teegra and have to fight against sudden and crazy monsters and creatures jumping from logs and lakes. And, as usual, for Bakshi, he evokes some madness (if not exactly his madness forever inspired) in the midst of all this direct fantasy material. If you have seen the Wizards, you will understand what I mean by a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you're an animation enthusiast, look it up right away for some 'old-school' (ie, 1980's) action and incredible design. For everyone else, it's ... well, not great, as I would say without fail about its logical extension of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
