where would you start a review of the movie Snitch'd? James Cahill, god, rest your soul, made one of the boldest insights into the human psyche since Encino Man. His beautiful story unfolds around a police officer from the McClure drug squad, which is a name synonymous with a character from simpsons who is also an actor! said police officer plunges deep into the underworld that is high school drugstore, and discovers a gang war to rival that of Police Academy 1, and I mean the one in which Jones is racially defamed by his new partner, but manages to leave with some of the funniest sounds you will LISTEN. <br /> <br /> Understanding Cahill's effects, both visual and auditory, is electrifying, the slight pause between onscreen action and the loudspeakers increases the drama that is spoken, real brave as underground suspense. as well as compliments to her brilliant makeup use, as the extremely convincing burning brands that a gang member suffers in her confrontation with an indoor grill! DISGUSTING! I feel that the world of film is much less than the demise of James, his memory will last and continue, reborn with every passing mention of his flagship production, Snitch'd. His insightful director's comment has released a coke-hit in the nose of any picky movie goer, truly fitting with the harsh reality that is street life captured in all the beauty of a punk that hits a dump in a fight. but I ask: why did the pool bosses seem so cheap? I'll tell you why, because this is life in Santa Ana, baby, it's not all you drive and hastily builds the offices of principles, oh no. there are some people who must infiltrate the soft, tattooed belly of street life in Los Angeles to kick start moves that would not seem out of place in Double Dragon: The Play Special Children's School's production. <br /> The only thing I have with this movie is that there has never been a sequel. Come on, Steven Spielberg, come on, George Lucas, come on, man, get revenge on nerds 1 to 23, how hard it would be to climb a step and pay homage to this great man, James Cahill. <br /> <He found Eva Longoria, you know. oh yes, he did. <br /> <br /> Jonas
