This audience delighted in a number of film festivals, and it's not hard to see why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of some very good work by the three main actors, Xu Zhu as the father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the eldest son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and amiable young son, Er Ming, turns a tale that will warm the heart cooler. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money in a crevice, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a mat to be cleaned, goes into the shower and is cleaned with brushes and jets of soap and water, as if he were a car. the washing of cars. This is the future symbolically speaking, and the old bathhouse that we will see in the next scene is the past. Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural Revolution? Blues of industrialization? No way. What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for each other, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men. I still wonder how the Chinese government sees this movie. On the one hand, it clearly presents a nice view of China and its people. It is strictly apolitical, without criticism of the current regime, expressed or implied. However, there is the slightest sense that good old ways will be replaced by something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to leave it as it is. Tell a story about old men in the bathroom where they get massages and rubs where they tell tales and reminisce about the good old days where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights where Master is a guy An old man wise and your assistant is your child, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and a contagious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Go back to the scene of the eldest son. Da Ming, who is polite, well-groomed and taciturn. He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase, his cell phone and his education. He only came back because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs up and is ready to go back to his wife and his career. But then a crisis sets in and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural, people-centered life that his father and brother have lived. <br /> <br /> And so, Yang Zhang reconciles the old. and the new, and does so in a way so charming that I will not oppose, especially because its style is so clean and so carefully expressed. One of the good things he does and that I miss in most movies is the way he fits the larger story subframes so that they are resolved before the image ends. The regular spa who sings "O sole mio" in the bathhouse as the water falls on him, to the delight of Er Ming, discovers that he can not sing in public because of the fear of the stage. Near the end of the film, he loses his fright and sings thanks to an inspired help from Er Ming. And the regular bathhouse that's losing his wife because ... well, he tells a story to Master Liu before confessing the real reason. But Liu understands and, again, before the movie ends, husband and wife reconcile. <br /> <br /> This kind of happy ending film is uncommon in current and international films, or in almost every directed film. in adults. Some happy endings are so invented as to embarrass not only their inventors but also their audience. And some are so blatantly condescending that the public is offended. Here, however, the public is delighted. See this especially for the comic performance of Wu Jiang, whose warm effervescence overcomes any disadvantage your character may have.
