I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to the state of Arizona and really enjoyed seeing places where I spent a lot of time. I remember, at the time, thinking that Barbara's adventure in a more rock sound (actually, R and B - to my ears) was a success. I've never been a fan of Kris singing until his last effort for New West. As a songwriter and actor, however, he has serious sideburns, IMHO. I think it's a good novel. I like more than the Judy Garland version and have never seen the original Janet Gaynor of Selznick. <br /> <br /> I believe they've made some changes to this long awaited DVD release. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shot that reveals a crowded Sun Devil Stadium being longer and more dramatic. I wish they would have done a better job writing songs for Kris or God forbid, put some of their original songs in there. <br /> <br /> In that sense, I have some information from a primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. While interviewing for my new documentary, Rocking the Boat: A Musical Conversation and Journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, an excellent singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal ties to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among many others. others. Stephen was in "Speedway", the band of the character John Norman. Kris was having a hard time transforming what was essentially a pop score into something that could pass through rock. Stephen was and is friends with Kris and a longtime member of the band. There was tension on the set and at one point the band was barking at Kris in the presence of Barbara. She noted that the band should not talk to him like that. Kris came back to the effect that they were his friends and they were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara appeared and decided to use the live performances of Kris's band in the film and specifically put the role of Stephen in making things work. I gained even more respect for her as an artist by listening to this story. Much is made of her as a diva. What she is is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that there is anything wrong with that.
