A blockbuster at the time of its original release (it was the second highest grossing of 1976), the third version of A STAR IS BORN has always shared the critics and the fans. The film open to negative reviews, however, the budget of $ 5.6 million went on to gross more than $ 150 million at the box office and won an Oscar and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that Streisand's most successful commercial film would also be the most controversial. For every ten fans who claim that STAR is Streisand's best film, there are always ten more who claim it to be the weakest film in their filmography. Although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should still be noted that the Seventies take over. STAR IS BORN remains one of the most moving and highly entertaining showbiz dramas Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, it is the best version of the tale often told. <br /> <br /> The film is solidly pleasing and completely absorbent. Changing the old Hollywood studio system configuration to the competitive world of the music industry was really a great idea, and the script forges a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their careers. This is the main area that the 1976 version of STAR IS BORN actually outperforms its classic predecessors. For example, the film is especially successful when it depicts the conflicting personal and professional difficulties during the recording sessions and the endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's compositional attempts. This version of the story is also more convincing in its description of the main characters. For example, the women led in the previous two versions were so virtuous and selfless that they left as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female protagonist in this version, is not only portrayed as being strong and passionate, but also flawed and conflicted. This makes her feel more "real" than the Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland characters have felt in the previous films, and makes the story a lot more effective. <br /> <br /> Presentations are all on target, even though some of the supporting characters are not sufficiently developed. If you're looking for an actress / singer who can walk the thin line between the hard and the vulnerable, without making it sound like a screenplay, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can make even the most banal dialogue look fresh and natural and, as always, she can establish a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, your Esther is a fully realized three dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not have much respect right now for his laid-back characterization, however, he is always an interesting watch and exhibits a magnetic charisma here that he rarely exhibits in other parts of his career. In fact, Kristofferson received rave reviews from NEWSWEEK, TIME and even the always-rude Pauline Kael from NEW YORKER. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also have credible performances, but both have a minimal amount of time on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film's soundtrack was also a huge success, reaching # 1 on Billboard's Hot 200 and selling four million copies in the US alone. Streisand's "Evergreen" (with lyrics by Paul Williams) is arguably one of the most beautiful songs of contemporary pop, brought to an even longer life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance of Streisand. The rest of the original songs from the film (composed mainly of Williams and Rupert Holmes) are very good too, and Streisand sounds fantastic - their solo numbers remain in the memory long after the rest of the film has disappeared. Streisand's vibrant performances bring "Woman In The Moon" and "With More A Look At You" to an exciting life, and make even more silly numbers like "Queen Bee" work better than they have the right to do. Kristofferson's solo numbers sound a bit out of tune, however, which may have been intentional, as he is playing a declining singer. <br /> <br /> Although naturally dated in some respects (definitely reflects the decade in which it was made), the Seventies assume THE STAR IS BORN still stands remarkably well. The film is well assembled and slickly produced, the chemistry between the links is extremely powerful and always feels genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the end that are painful and effective. In conclusion, STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, but it also transcends all criticism.
