Thirty years after its initial release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally hits the DVD in a package that should appeal to Barbra Streisand's most dedicated fans. This includes me since I've seen her sing in concert among other numbers, the feminist anthem "Woman in the Moon" from this 1976 film. Easy to ignore, the film's career bias history is such a sturdy stack of cliches at Hollywood style that there are variations on other films, including "Funny Girl", from Streisand. This time redefined for the contemporary music scene, the plot follows the self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard in his deep career, just as he meets singer Esther Hoffman, who is waiting for his big break. Problems haunt his courtship from the outset, as John Norman (both names please) responds to bloodless fans and DJs with random acts of violence (of which he inexplicably escapes prosecution). For John Norman, Esther represents her last chance for happiness and in turn, she is attracted to the creatively decent and creative musician under the facade. In the most crucial scene of the film, he gives Esther his big break at a charity show, and his career takes off. Inevitably, he can not handle the failure of his career in the light of his meteoric success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (though Streisand's new management talents are obviously on display), the film still succeeds in attracting me, though I know it is shamefully inventive and manipulative. It still has a certain emotional resonance, despite its numerous flaws. Although Streisand at its height seems the ideal choice to play a rising star singer, her onscreen character is simply too strong and pre-defined to interpret Esther credibly. . The same can be said for his style of execution, as the script seems to make concessions so that his more flexible material, aimed at Adult Contemporary, is accepted within the world of rock arena. From the moment she lifts her head like the middle of the Oreos, she can not help but be an established star. I can forgive the lapse simply because she is an incomparable vocal talent, but what becomes less forgiving is how she makes Esther more strident than moving when John Norman's problems become overwhelming. This creates a strangely bewildering dynamic in the latter part of the film, when it becomes less about what caused the climactic event than Esther's response to it. This is completed by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of her memorial performance - great, except when she unfortunately mimics John Norman's style to the end. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, gives a superb performance throughout, administering a level of honesty that underlies the film and makes palpable his feelings of love, pride and resentment toward Esther. He does his job of growling soaked with vodka within that context. Otherwise, what always seems strange to me in this version is how all supporting characters are relegated to the background as if they did not exist, unless they were interacting with the two main characters. The only ones who sign up are Paul Mazursky as the manager of John Norman, Brian and Gary Busey, as the band's cynical impresario, Bobbie. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees provides a good polish for cinematography, although a level of granulation persists in printing. A great salesman in his day, the soundtrack is a mix of different styles from the '70s - some songs are still good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Watch Closely Now"), some that have changed into kitsch ("Queen Bee," "I Believe in Love" by Kenny Loggins and, of course, the inevitable "Evergreen.") The transfer of print on the 2006 DVD is clean and the sound nicely clear thanks to she is also a refreshingly candid about the megalomania of Jon Peters, who, in the end, her boyfriend hairdresser who became the producer of the film, and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as director.I just wish she could have provided more specific comments from the scene that relate directly to what is on screen. she tends to repeat the same anecdotes when her state of mind hits her, for example, it's tiring to hear for the third time how the person playing the driver was a friend of Peters's. I think having a second commenter might have extracted other nuggets from her. <br /> <br /> There is a wardrobe test spool showing some fun 1970s outfits, especially the Kristofferson orange and mixed-fabric poncho shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes included in Streisand's optional commentary. One is a comedic bakery scene that reminded me of how much I love Streisand in farcical comedies. Another is an extensive scene in which she plays "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of a Kristofferson who then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative take on the musical end that incorporates quick cuts, which I agree with Streisand should have been used. Appropriately, the trailers for the three versions of "A Star Is Born" are also included.
