I've always been a big fan of James Bond! I've seen almost every movie except Die Another Day, and The World Is Not Enough. The graphics for all or nothing are breathtaking! The talents of the voice ......... WOW! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! He is finally Bond in a video game! HE IS BOND! I liked Bond's past games: Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call you Mr Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) It was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game ....... CURRENTLY! DUH! I've seen him play with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, they make a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, wickedly handsome (I mean, perversely in a good way) and only one of those actors that you would like to walk and hug, saying "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond" "If it were not for you, I would not know who James Bond is. "He's a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe, although I've seen him in some movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (I spelled the character's name, right?) LOL !!!! He does a great job with an accent. Sometimes I can not even hear an accent. I've seen Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, performing in two films: Finding Nemo, and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! SHE ROCKS! Either way, He never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, he definitely took the role of Jaw. I saw him in the movie and he's amazing! In fact, my grandparents met Mr. Kiel and I was jealous when they told me. But, Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my Celebritie list that I want to meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I've never seen a better person play like the wisecracking, and gadget creating Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him work with Pierce Brosnan on Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is incredible! John Cleese's latest project is Shrek 2, starring Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh yes, and as always says Q: "Grow 007!"
