Do not misunderstand me. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game based on the franchise 007. But the series fell into a FPS routine. Enter "Everything or Nothing", which puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia With Love," I had finished the FRWL and just started EON and judged the EON a bit harshly. Even though the FRWL definitely has the edge of nostalgia and capturing the essence of the movie franchise, the EON definitely is superior in terms of detailed controls and variety of gameplay. The missions range from running and standard riding to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limousine that is programmed to blow up, commanding two different types of tanks to the "GoldenEye", riding a motorcycle, riding a helicopter a shaft protected by laser cables and free fall after a damsel in free fall. Of course, the vehicle controls are a bit awkward, but the issue here is variety. <br /> <br /> Like the film adaptations, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I could hope for. But the original EON storyline adds to the feel of controlling a James Bond adventure. This is aided by the impressive cast of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese reprise their roles in the movies of M and Q respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, while no Sean Connery, adds credibility to the proceedings of the game. All the characters resemble the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, whose in-game model does not do justice to the real model. Mya's theme song is similar to at least some of the songs from Bond's great title. <br /> <br /> The game also plays tribute to some of Bond's oldest films. The character of Willem DeFoe is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's villain from "A View to a Kill." Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, the hulking henchman of "The Spy Who Loves Me" and "Moonraker" in three fight scenes, the first and best of which continues in the same way as a movie fight. <br /> <Single player gameplay consists mostly of standard walk missions such as Bond. As Bond, you will be able to choose whether to use stealth or come out with guns in fist. The game offers many opportunities to use stealth, with plenty of wall cover and objects. Unfortunately, unlike the FRWL, only one button on the EON controls both the squatting and clinging on the wall, so Bond can end up squatting when he should be peeping around a corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter the "Bond reflex" mode. As you browse your inventory, everything around you will go into super slo-mo, allowing you to analyze objects around you that can be interacted. While it takes some getting used to, eventually this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond" moments, such as knocking down a chandelier to take four henchmen underneath, and adding a lot to the feel of the Bond movie. <br /> There are 3 difficulty levels available: Operational, Agent and Double Oh. In the Operative, you can navigate in a few hours. On the agent, a few weeks. In Double Oh, a few months. The level of difficulty can be changed for each individual mission. Obtaining high scores on missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and effect features such as vehicle upgrades and tiny clothes that Bond girls wear. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to a shortage of checkpoints, but when all is said and done, no mission is more than a single action scene in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Multi-player, unfortunately, is not so exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multi-player mode of any Bond game. The EON main multiplayer is a cooperative campaign mode that puts players in charge of smaller MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond's. A more normal third-person death game can be unlocked this way. But the single-player mode is Bond's most complete experience to date. The end, as in most Bond games, is anticlimactic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating of the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. In addition, the levels that require the Bond to be fast become, in large part, a matter of trial and error. Still, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game is the same as losing one of Bond's movies.
