I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not that big on Singles), so it's safe to say that I'm looking forward to anything that Cameron Crowe names. I went to see Vanilla Sky having said it was a very strange movie and I probably would not want it if I was expecting something like the other Crowe movies. Well, having just seen, let me say that the first one was correct, and the last one could not be more wrong. It's a very strange movie, and nothing really comes together until the end. Anyone who tells you that you've seen him halfway through the movie is lying to you or can not divert your retrospective view of your memory. Anyway, the movie was stellar, and I look forward to owning it as soon as the DVD is released. I was moved by the film and felt emotionally worn out in the end. This is an experience that will draw from the viewer the full spectrum of human emotion if the viewer allows himself to enter into the plot. In the theater where I watched the film, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the film and became bored when they discovered they could not get back into the picture. I'm sure that others simply do not have the ability to properly follow any movie like this. I do not mean to sound pompous, but some people are cut to the genre of Seagal, Chan, Van Damme movies, and those are the guys who probably would not like this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're prepared for a two-hour mental problem, as well as a lot more to think about. <br /> <br /> In relation to this film to other Crowe films, it is very similar in At least one consideration, in all Crowe films, the soundtrack is a character in itself. This is almost definitely due to Crowe's long-standing ties to music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson. It was also noteworthy that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's performance and Crowe's direction which made the film look familiar to anyone who has seen Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I had to compare this movie to any other movie, I would say: if you liked David Fincher's game, you'll almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
