How strange is the human mind; this center of activity in which perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which the vision of a world depends on the functioning of the brain, the most delicate and complex processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about its inner workings, depths, or capabilities? What in the mind allows us to discern between reality and a dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, how to look at a painting by Monet, in which the vantage sky of his vision becomes our reality. It is a concept visited by filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his highly imaginative and altering consciousness film, 'Vanilla Sky', starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits an editorial empire left to him by his father. His fifty-one percent shareholding control, however, made him a marked man, since there are seven members of his board of directors, and each considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames of most of the company. And fueling the fire of discontent is the realization that David does not have the focus that the job requires. <br /> <br /> David certainly likes to play; yet he is in control of the business and does whatever he thinks best, whether the advice (he refers to them as the "Seven Dwarves") like it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. But during a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that the seven are plotting something behind their backs. At the time, however, it is the last thing in David's mind; he's having a casual affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even this moves back when he meets a woman at his party that he can not go crazy. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after meeting her for just one night, she becomes a crucial part of her life - which is about to be reversed, since the morning after her party he makes a decision that will change your life forever. And he's about to learn that sometimes there's simply no turning back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe created and delivered much more than just another movie with this; Much more than a movie, 'Vanilla Sky' is a realized vision. Beginning with the first images that appear on the screen, it presents a visually stunning experience that affects visceral and cerebral. It is a mystery that twists the mind and swallows you and sweeps you; emotionally, it's a race - and that can leave him exhausted because it requires some effort to stay with him. But it's worth. Think of 'Memento' with a rock n 'roll soundtrack and a vibrant assault of colors offered by the Impressionist's brush. There is darkness and light, and sounds that hammer and drive until you can feel the blood rushing through your veins and throbbing in your brain. And everything unfolded in a virtual reality landscape swirling under that ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, this is a real trip; It's exciting - and it's a mental problem. <br /> <br /> As for the performances here, those who can not overcome the mentality of Tom Cruise as Maverick in "Top Gun", or his Ethan Hunt in "Mission Impossible", or those who perceive it only as a " movie star "instead of an actor, will have to think again in the light of their work here. Because, like David Aames, Cruise gives the best performance of his career, one that should check any doubts as to his ability as an actor at the door. He has made some interesting career choices in recent years, with films like "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut," mere warm-ups for the very real and complex character he creates here. And also give him credit for assuming a role that dispels any feeling of vanity; this is Cruise like you've never seen before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one too, as well as the admiration and acclaim of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this movie, he is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz transforms into an excellent, if not exceptional, performance as well, as Sofia, the woman of David's dreams. There is a seductive innocence she brings to that role that works well for her character and makes her accessible and accessible, but she has no clue of mystery that may have added something special to the part. But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of Julie. She never looked better and it squeaks a lot on the screen. But make no mistake, this is not a part of the 'window-dressing', and Diaz offers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact it causes with the rather limited screen time. And it's the persona that she integrates so completely with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. Overall, great work from Diaz. The support cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor. (Ed), Mel Thompson (the man of LE), Jean Carol (woman in New York) and John Fedevich (silent Ed). About halfway through, this person can cause you to question your own sense of reality; but rest assured, until the end of 'Vanilla Sky' everything will be revealed. It is a reality-bender, of course, and a wild one; but this is an exciting entertainment offering a satisfying and unique experience, one that you need to see to believe. It is the essential and absolute magic of the movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
