I really enjoyed this movie because I have a tremendous interest in American History ... in the Antebellum and Civil War years in particular. I recently bought from a rack of videos seen previously on sale in the supermarket and I was very happy to add this to my collection of historical videos. Although not of the caliber of Civil War films like "Glory" or "Gettysburg", it provides a lot of history about the pre-Civil War brotherhood among the cadets at West Point. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's the gray uniforms. , youth, or military discipline, but I am fascinated by the history of the Cadet Corps from about 1830 on the brink of war. I wonder how it must have been sitting in a classroom with other boys, learning how to wage war, and then putting lessons to use against their own classmates. <br /> <br /> Actually, there were two classes. was formed in 1861: one class in May and another in June. the film makes no real mention of it, except to mention Henry A. DuPont, first grader of the class of May; and George Custer, the last graduate of the June class. The reason for the two classes was not so much about war but it was the result of going back to a four year course of study after a few years of experimentation with a five year course (I think the first class had participated in five years, the other to four). As the film portrays, the cadets were like brothers and often had nicknames for each other ... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Lon" Cushing; James "Beauty" Stuart (for JEB Stuart, class of 1854), etc. <br /> <br /> I say this movie is "Santa Fe Trail" as it should have been, because the 1940 movie while fun, really fudges history. Cadets of several different classes are forming together. JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as best friends and stand side by side while preventing the 1859 uprising of John Brown at Harper's Ferry. In fact, Stuart and Custer were never friends, but enemies during the war. They met (for the first time, I think) at Gettysburg in 1863 (Stuart was in Harper's raid attack, but Custer was still a cadet at Point when it happened). Fanny "Custer plays a role in" Class of '61, "though his classmates Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictitious.I believe they are based respectively on Partick Henry O 'Rorke and John Pelham, two people you can look for. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I really appreciate this movie or any movie that provides a window into the mid-nineteenth century.
