Someone (or something) is leaving puncture marks on the jugular and draining the blood victims to death. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before leaving the horror genre of movie B for greater heights) is perplexed by who ... or what ... behind these notorious crimes. The village is superseded by hysteria and Karl relies on his trustworthy medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill in another effective mad scientist role) to provide some feedback on what may be causing the death of innocents. He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth (the adorable Fay Wray, who stars for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The Mystery of the Wax Museum"), who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the film as a village idiot who does collect bats and behaves dementedly wherever he goes. It is easy to understand why he becomes suspicious, as local paranoia is on the rise. Maude Eburne provides the humor of the film as a very naive (and easily influenced) patient of von Niemann, who believes he has health problems in books near the laboratory where he works. She is impressionable and often Von Niemann only cares for her and the constant fictional illnesses with which she feels tormented. Lionel Belmore returns as another frightened, superstitious Bürgermeister. <br /> <br /> Creaky, static, but quite entertaining, however, thanks to the cast. The film is obviously low budget, but that does not hurt the film much, as it is very well set up by director Frank R Strayer and his team. I'm sure the impression of the film has seen better days. This is the type of B horror item you would find packed with 50 other random cheese festivals and poverty line programmers. The movie villain ... and his motives for feeding a biologically manufactured creature ... certainly provide a different view of the Frankenstein formula. Many may be disappointed with the end results as the film moves away from being a supernatural tale about a true vampire killer that is causing the killings.
