In an attempt to cash in on the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures has hired several popular actors of the genre today and put them into that effort that (realistically speaking) is far from being so good. With that, it's still worth it for everyone and it's a lot of fun to watch and, in my opinion, it's better than most of what is supposed to pass today as horror! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where bodies pile up completely without blood and with suspicious marks of holes. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires", but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he's a madman who's responsible and he promises to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** The Burgermeister and most people find that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves bats and often talks to them is what they they are searching and they chase him until he falls to his death. in a cave. The one who is responsible for the murders is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and he succeeds in some kind of mental control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) . who goes out at night to collect the blood. Dr. Otto has a beautiful assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and a boring aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he's doing, but Karl eventually suspects when one of the murders happens after Herman's death . Frank R. Strayer was never confused with James Whale, but he was a very competent director who eventually directed most of the "Blondie" movies in that series and with that film he used the same sets of "The Old Dark House", which also was filmed at Universal. I am the first to admit that this movie is completely clumsy at times, but it is virtually impossible to resist a movie that has a cast like this, including Frye, who is doing his role Renfield only this time he befriends bats and cuddles -Them in the pocket to keep them safe! One thing that just does not make sense is the mind control that Dr. Otto has about Emil, since the film never explains this and I had a strong sense that this was a kind of nod to "Dr. Caligari's Office ", but on the other hand, it's probably just the weaker part of the script. There are a few other snacks that I noticed, including Frye's chase to the big caves, which is obviously an early photo of the famous Bronson Canyon where several other films were made and also Wray's brown hair, which is its true color. True horror movie fans will appreciate this more than the others, but I think it's a fun movie to see for everyone and with such a compelling cast this is worth a look.
