This is one of the most underrated works of all time in my opinion, its provocative, funny and sad thought with incredible performances around!. All the characters are wonderful, and the story is simply brilliant !, and Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are simply amazing at it! Ending is very powerful, however I will not ruin it for you, and I thought the character development was top notch !, and you can relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, since you'll be rooting for they and I loved how it moved slowly, and give you a chance to meet all the characters and what's out there. I can not believe this only has a rating of 5.9 here, as it should have been much higher in my opinion, and it was funny to see Randy Quaid on this kind of paper, plus this is extremely well written and done too!. One scene that really caught me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was totally embarrassed by her mother for having the party, and the movie also has many amazing moments! Moreover, the dialogue is especially excellent. This is one of the most underrated works of all time (in my opinion), his provocative, funny and sad thought with incredible performances around, and I say Go see it right away !, your limit to love it!. The direction is fantastic!. Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here, with amazing camera work, and keeping the film at an extremely engaging pace! The acting is incredible!. Jodie Foster is really cute, and she's amazing as always! She was extremely friendly, caring, had a lovely character, was intense in some scenes, was focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the film as Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!) Cherie Currie is very hot, and it's amazing here, I really felt sorry for her character, as she had a very nice character who just needed help, she gives a powerful performance, and created a very memorable character, she was amazing!. Scott Baio is great as Brad, he was really kind, and did his job well, I liked him. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role, amazingly I liked him. Sally Kellerman is great as her mother, I really liked her. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good as Madge and Deirdre, and did what they had to do as well as the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, as it was cool to see her, not much of a party though. The rest of the cast is good. Overall, go see it immediately, it's an understated masterpiece!. 5 out of 5
