Basically the same "House of Wax" movie - Vincent Price's first horror hit released the year before - but seriously who cares, because "The Mad Magician" offers so many thrills, delightful vintage sets, , sublime acting performances and macabre horror tricks like its predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he wrote Price's character, Don Gallico, another tormented soul surrounded by fate and revenge against those who harmed him. Don Gallico is about to perform his first illusionist show like Gallico the Great and plans to exhibit the greatest magic trick in history; entitled "The Girl and the Buzz Saw." Gallico's promising solo career is abruptly ruined before it even begins, when his former employer, Ross Ormond, appears on stage and launches a contract under his nose, stating that all of Gallico's inventions are the company's legitimate property. The despicable and relentless Ormond, who by the way also plundered Gallico's once beloved wife, takes off with the trick and program on Gallico's rival show, The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably Gallico snaps and sadistically butchers Ormond, but ?? also being a master of creating disguises? recreates the image of his victim and even begins to lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is a fun and unpretentious 1950s horror movie in the Grand Guignol style with a lot of improbable twists (does the landlady end up being a brilliant novelist?) And a handful of fantastically grotesque grotesque moments (although they obviously remain suggestive most of the time). The 3-D delights near the beginning of the movie, such as a yo-yo player and a goofy trick with water fountains, serve only as time filler and contemporary hype from the 50's, but still fun to watch right now and without the means properly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting from the point of view of a periodic scenario, since the events happen at the time the fingerprints begin to be used as evidence and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference for famous authors of the time. . Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the most essential absolute element of triumph in this film, as well as almost every other horror film that this legendary man has ever starred in. As no other actor could accomplish, Price portrays the tormented protagonist who gradually descends. more and more in mental madness in an indescribably mesmerizing way. You feel sorry for Don Gallico, but at the same time you fear him enormously. You support your vile acts of retaliation and at the same time realize that your murderous fury must end in death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor and, in my humble opinion, the personification of the horror genre.
