I'm not going to lie. Although it looked interesting, I watched The Notorious Bettie Page because I had heard (and it was pretty obvious just by looking at a synopsis or something about the movie) that Gretchen Mol was naked. I've never been a fan of Mol, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman taking off her clothes. Yes, that may be perverted, but it's a central theme and ideal at the heart of the film, and it helps make the movie a lot stronger than it probably should be. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Bettie Page. (Mol) the life of his days of physical and sexual abuse as a child in high school in the south, and in his new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she also has to pay bills. After taking some seemingly innocent photos on a local beach, Page slowly becomes a modeling sensation, and quickly jumps from suggestive shots to sexually provocative pin-up photographs. <br /> <br /> I feel the brevity of the film (just over ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing to it. For one thing, the film never exceeds your welcome. You get to know Page in a few minutes, then go into modeling and do not look back. But damn the movie too, because we never have the chance to understand everything that is happening. She sort of jumps between the modeling essays and the controversies they create before jumping into the great Senate investigation that takes up much of the final act of the film. You just sit there, and try to absorb everything, and it just comes straight to you. It seems that the filmmakers wanted to summarize a lot of material in a film too short. He begs for longer sequences and begs for even longer explanations. Do not feel rushed; he just does not feel everything there. <br /> <br /> Another problem, though a little more curious, is the use of color throughout the film. Most are in black and white, but often splashes and color sequences appear. But while this may have been done as a token gesture from the outset, it becomes a bit of a distraction as it appears later, before cutting off the black and white. It's confusing, and it becomes more of a tedious interference than anything else as the movie continues. <br /> <br /> Although it may disrupt actions a little, the film continues with its themes. Page, of whom I know little or nothing, is played innocently, and her world is exactly the same. Except for some obscure characters during her teenage years, everyone she meets is innocent, and everything she does has an innocence for it. I never thought I would look at full frontal nudity as something that was something other than vulgar and depraved, but here, it's really something to marvel at. All at once, it's beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverted moments in the movie (though tame in comparison to current standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling for them. There's just something about the way Mol's naked body is portrayed, which just plays a chord so different than naked bodies in other movies. It's so natural and so wonderful that if there was any reason to watch the movie, it would be to see the spectacular depictions of Mol's body while she plays Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> The other motive is Mol herself. Like Page, she exemplifies that the southern beauty of 1950 is known (or at least can imagine). Despite her profession, she is still a normal person and still considers herself religious. Mol plays exactly the right amount of squeaky cleaning needed to make this character feel authentically from the 50's. She interprets it so naturally that it would be hard not to think that Mol was actually Bettie Page herself. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the supporting cast has very few moments to shine, and is totally overshadowed by the wonderful performance of Mol. None of them does anything particularly enjoyable, and none of them actually have the same strength in their role as Mol does. This is not really the fault of the actors, but more of the fact that they do not have much to work with. Many of them are fully recognizable, such as Oscar nominee David Strathairn (in a role somewhat close to one of his best performances), Sarah Paulson (Golden Globe nominated for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip) and actor Lili. Taylor, but you would be very difficult to put your performance into being otherwise otherwise okay. None of these characters is really developed, and they really are just character clippings that Mol spins around when she gains strength in her brilliant performance. <br /> <br /> Actually, this movie is worth it for its interpretation. of nudity, and for the excellent performance of Gretchen Mol by Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit confusing and awkward than it should be. If more work were done to develop supportive characters and not just explode the story, this movie would have been a much better biographical film. As it stands, it's just a vehicle for Mol really climbing into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
