THE NOTORIOSA PAGE OF BETTIE Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of supposed sins and one of supposed redemption? Especially when that person ended up succumbing to a personality disorder divided up in his later years, as if he demonstrated his own point. If you are the director Mary Harron, you do not shy away from showing the push / pull nature of BETTIE'S NOTORIOUS PAGE. You allow the character to wander between forgiving the healing of the power of God and the church and the seductive illusion of control and dominion bestowed upon Page during his years as a pinup model. In doing so, audiences receive a complex character that is driven by the desire to leave their difficult past with a naive pleasure in the lust of others and a struggle to reconcile their image in the eyes of God. Arrive on time, no matter how many eyes are on it, because there is only one pair that counts. <br /> <br /> Shot mainly in black and white (with a few unnecessary bursts of color), THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light and humorous comedy, making the film a pleasant experience and also a mockery of how people seriously believe in the corruption of pornography. But the director's delicate hand is most palpable during Page's moments of despair. Harron is a sensitive and thoughtful director who does not cast the numerous and devastating blows of Page of abuse in front of his viewer. Instead, it allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the title role, the chance to hammer the pain of her character to the viewer with fear in her eyes, the exhaustion is her screams and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, find it essential to show heroine in painful positions in order to establish a link between the kinds of atrocities that have been committed to her and her life, Harron has a lot of compassion for her . character, actress and audience. From weakness, Page learns to trust people again, and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, she falls more in love with the admiration and control she has over looking. By the time she poses to cross into the realm of soft-core S & M, she has found a way to combine her need to be respected with the objectification she has been accustomed to throughout her life. <br /> Mary Harron Bettie Page is a woman who yearns for control over her life and her destiny, but in the end she's always being told where to stay, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices were her own, she chooses to embrace God and preach her word to those who will hear. The real sadness behind this most important decision is that she is still letting someone guide her blindly; she only has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul.
