Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former lead singer of the seminal female rock group The Runaways in her debut as an unusually capable actress), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are uniformly believable, splendid and touching as the tight quartet, biased clique of troubled and fiercely loyal teenagers with careless, insensitive, selfish parents who do their best to grow and care for themselves in the affluent suburbs of San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment, and so on, when they are not yet fully prepared to fully assume the potentially harmful consequences of such decisions. Foster, giving one of her most perceptive, affective, and underestimated performances to date, is basically the mother of the group who presides over the well-being of herself and others; she is especially concerned with the kindly, but reckless, self-defeating Currie, whose careless and hedonistic lifestyle makes her prone to a premature end. <br /> <br /> This photo offers a touching, insightful, often devastatingly credible and minutely absorbing examination of dysfunctional and dysfunctional families that exist directly beneath the well-cared surface of the suburb and the tragic net result of such families: resistant children , resilient but unhappy and vulnerable who have to face the trials and tribulations of growing up alone because parents are too inconsiderate or non-existent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction", "Jacob's Ladder") Lyne's direction is strong and attentive, while Gerald Ayres's script is somewhat messy and disconnected, but generally still accurate in its frank, harsh, non-sentimental description of your child's everyday life chaotic, capricious and unpredictable. Leon Bijou's soft, dewy and almost pastoral cinematography properly suggests a delicate and easily breakable sensation of tranquility and innocence. Giorgio Moroder achieved the excellent score, which makes the use of the elegiac of Donna Summer, "On the Radio" particularly effective. The high-level cast includes Sally Kellerman as Foster's neurotic, insecure and moody mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skater, Randy Quaid as Kagan's oldest boyfriend, 1960s British pop singer Adam Faith as the father by Foster. Smith as the stifling and overprotective mother of Kagan. Appearing in brief chunks are Robert Romanus (Mike Damone) as one of Foster's time-consuming ex-boyfriends and an awkward, Laura Dern-wearing device as an overwhelming obnoxious party. Achedly authentic, absorbing and deeply touching (Currie's somber final destination is very heart-breaking), "Foxes" is simply one of the most anonymous and underrated teen films made about the early 80's of adolescence.
