... but the general spectator's mileage may vary in Mary "American Psycho" Harron's stylized look at the American sexual psyche, as seen through the lenses of the immortal Queen of Curves, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> did not bother anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Ms. Page, a brave and competent single from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York hoping to be an actress and eventually became the Queen Bondage of the Universe. Nor will I go through the sketchy bio-pic plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page," though I offer compliments to the technical aspects of the film (a string of animated magazine covers comes to mind instantly), misuse of a vintage camera. notwithstanding. Finally, I will not insist on the timely applicability of the themes of innocence and perversion of the film, freedom and control, the sacred and the secular; they are there for the viewer to absorb, if they will. The more things change, the more they remain the same, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> What I'm going to say for a moment is the splendid performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. The truth is that Mol's face hardly looks like Bettie's, nor is she particularly built like Bettie (though only an idiot denies these beautiful breasts, and no fool, me!). She does not even sport the thick, dark bush that hides Mrs. Page's most intimate charms, but Mol's full incorporation of Bettie Page's spirit in all senses, shapes, and forms remains. It is a bravery "return" of an undeserved semi-darkness. I've never met Mrs. Page (and unfortunately, never, probably), but I've devoured the photos and videos, read all the biographies and interviews available, bought the business cards and other odds and be honest, I wished Mrs. Page since the first time I discovered it in my teens, between the dusty magazine covers of the barbershop and the five and ten cents. Mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as I conceived it, without pun intended, in what I consider a performance worthy of the Oscars. Liv Tyler could never have equaled Mol's brilliant characterization intensity in a million years, and I, for one, am grateful she left the project. Not that I would care to see her completely naked, I hasten to add, but I can not imagine that her kind of sensuality would have translated into the innocent exuberance of Bettie Page. "The Notorious Bettie" Page "is not for everyone, more than bondage and discipline are.I suspect it will be much better on the disc than in theaters; legions of dedicated fans of Page and the curious will see it.I can only wait that the DVD is filled with enough of Bettie's extras to show the uninitiated how good a Mol job has done. In addition, one tip of the hat for an excellent support cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose photo-celebrity was Bettie's doorway to immortality. A final note to the young scribe who opined that Mrs. Page did not affect her generation: give a good look at Madonna's cone bra and come back to us Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, the true godmother of fetishes.Without her, Madonna and the rest of her relatives could never have existed.
