The film can be a mirror to see the world in a new light. Good Night and Good Luck, for example, offered parallels with the modern trial without evidence and with the invasion of freedom. It is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not very close to home: placing it in a fictional or historical context removed from our immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves "enlightened" and our ancestors to take refuge in strange ideas - usually involving fire and brimstone, but the definition of what is obscene can easily be the victim of ignorance and unscientific interpretation rather than evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era that included not only McCarthyism but the ban on comic books (like Crypt Tales) based on the fact that they would turn young people into half-crazy juvenile delinquents. This film, developed from key questions raised in his life, presents dilemmas that are as relevant today as in 1950. Our film begins with two key scenes. In the first, we see well-dressed and respectable men in a decadent bookstore. One of them asks for photos of women wearing boots and being restrained - then ends up being a disguised police officer leading a sting. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, looking rather demure, as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are in black and white. The old-fashioned effects of films like wipes and fades heighten the sense of watching a movie from the past, as well as the cast's mannerisms, cleverly recreated scenes from the 1950s, contemporary phrases, and the concise dialogue associated with the film's film production . period. Archival footage is often interspersed - which charms many and irritates others. According to the theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of moving photography, and the oldest clips of fabulous beaches and monuments juxtapose well with the classic poses of Bettie go back to an era of health and nature magazines ". . . although I admit that if you do not get captivated by the story, you may find the effect somewhat unstable. <br /> <br /> Very soon, let's go to the flashback. Bettie escapes an oppressed life of Depression Years in Nashville, enlivened only by church singing and saving souls, and goes alone to make her own way. After his initial success, his modeling work split into two strands: mainstream glamor work, focused on his smile above the rainbow, and photos of "specialized interest" involving dressing in high-heeled boots and equipment of light bondage. In a previous audition (reminiscent of a scene with the character of Naomi Watts on Mulholland Drive - who was also called Betty), she performs a performance full of emotion, contrasting with her normal lively, happy (but ultimately bland) day expression. Part of it still not satisfied? Bettie is often rejected at auditions once they realize she is the well-known pin-up girl. But we were never asked to feel sorry for Bettie Page: her abusive childhood is quickly referenced and ignored; when she is raped by four hometown boys, we see only the threat and then Bettie recovering and surviving, rising in a deserted forest and facing the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity, it is the special interest photos of Bettie that end up causing problems. When we return to court, a cleric's views on the corrupting influence of such photos are taken as evidence. A psychologist authoritatively tells how the photos lead to 'suicide, murder and psychosis' in young people who are exposed to them (presumably not in that order). Eventually a star witness explains how his son's life came to an end as a result of such photos - 'being' tied up like that. " It is not clear how 'tying' causes death). The text that accompanies a series of photographs of Bettie in a magazine tells how she was forced to endure "terrible agonies" with fetishistic restrictions (the audience knows that she really found them hilarious and that words, like the photos themselves, were dramatizations pure). After a 12 hour wait, Bettie is informed that her evidence - she is the only person who could definitively state that she was not photographed in agony - will not be "necessary." The "horrors" of the photos have been proven. <br /> <br /> If all this sounds like the dark ages we have left, consider a recent (2003) incident where an Ann Summers ad was banned. It said, "so that fashion and passion pass to your local store," with a photograph of a woman's back. She is wearing a bra and panties and her hands are cuffed behind her back. The lingerie and sex toys company, which targets female consumers (and also supports charities that fight domestic violence), said its ads aimed to "give women sexual confidence and always show women control over their sexuality ". It may be concluded that the prejudice and ignorance of Betty Page's investigations are still valid. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious views are an integral part of history, just as the concept of sin is integral to Christianity and contributes to the forbidden. "The nature of sexual pleasure often prevalent in the UK and the US - as opposed to the more factual approach found in continental Europe. It could be argued that the formulas of sin and redemption, and "being saved," are even reflected in mating patterns that perpetuate the traditional masculine domain. A policeman who takes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom offers to "save" her from loneliness. The brilliant knight in armor may be chivalrous, but he also assumes a woman in need of ransom. <br /> <br /> Love or hate, The Notorious Bettie Page is an extraordinary and extraordinary film, and a moral awakening for those who watch it. There are excellent acting together, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable because the whole film succeeds or fits into its powerful performance.
