First, I heard great things about this movie, not just between the retro / vintage scene and the lovers of socks who absolutely love Bettie Page and did not disappoint. Filmed in very clean black and white with added colors for key scenes, the film gives a documentary feel to the early life and career of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> There are many things I did not know about Page. First, there was the collective rape, later on, there were his first attempts to develop an acting career and then glamor photos, first with a camera club populated with men who never tire of it and then with the Klaws, Paula and Irving, who despite taking pictures of bondage and fetish, is seen as extremely nice and friendly people. If only modern producers of pornography were like this, perhaps better pornography would be a consequence! For the most part, the film is neither a diatribe against the evils of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetish and nude images of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant there was no "saturation" effect we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed to be much less severe. Page comes up as someone who enjoys his work and does not seem to be degraded by it. In many of her photos she is seen tied and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation), brandishing a whip with a flourish, thus encouraging photographers to take pictures of her and watching girlie bondage movies of 'initiation style' that seem rather tame compared to the hardcore things we have now. <br /> <br /> Page never became an actress and instead deserted pinup when she was in her thirties for "Jesus Christ." Her belief in God and Jesus never goes away, even when bound and gagged, she still insists that she received a "gift" from God to do "this thing." Seeing this movie, I'm better informed about Page and admired by his modesty, beliefs and behavior. It's unique compared to the identi-kit clones we have today and someone who can actually say 'There's life after porn'.
