"The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005) <br /> <br /> Directed by: Mary Harron <br /> <br /> With: Gretchen Mol, Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson and David Strathairn <br />> MPAA Rating: "R" (for nudity, sexual content and some language) <br /> <br /> It seems like every celebrity nowadays is making a biopic about his life. From Ray Charles to Johnny Cash, biopics are very chic now. "The Notorious Bettie Page" is the latest one released on DVD. It features Gretchen Mol as the world's most famous pin-up model, Bettie Page, and was filmed mostly in black and white with a few snippets in color. Unlike "Ray", "Walk the Line" and "Finding Neverland", however, this movie will not be one to watch at the Oscars this year. This film does not have the emotional resonance exhibited in other biopics and most of the most dramatic moments in Bettie Page's life is completely ignored or just suggested. This does not mean, however, that it is a bad movie. In fact, "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a completely entertaining and rewarding film - a solid movie job. This film focuses more on Page's exciting career and the fine line between sexuality and pornography. It is filmed with fervor and care and the direction of Mary Harron captures the appearance of the period of time that most filmmakers dream of. <br /> <br /> Everyone knows Bettie Page (played by Mol). If you know her as an icon or a simple porn star, you know her. She is a woman who had a very profound impact on American culture, revealing more skin than was considered appropriate at that specific time. Now, most people know it as one of America's first sex symbols - a legend for many models, especially Playboy and other adult-oriented magazines. She lived at a time when showing only an inch of flesh beneath the trash could have someone stuck and the Page Bondage-style photos were just the thing to push the American public into flurry. In fact, the photos have launched a full Senate investigation into the common decency and difference between harmless movies and pornography. <br /> <br /> The performances in "The Notorious Bettie Page" are absolutely marvelous with Gretchen Mol standing out. Her performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant. I understand that when she was announced for the role, many people were skeptical. His name is not the one that immediately comes to mind when I think of great performances. Now go. She acted completely on the role and attracted me with her vulnerable and yet engaging performance. David Strathairn is pleased with last year's "Good Night, and Good Luck" in which he gave one of the best performances of 2005. Here he performs well even though he is underused. I was shocked at how limited your screen time was, but quality over quantity is always the most important aspect of any good movie. The only performance I saw of Lili Taylor was in "The Haunting" (1999). While most people ignored the film, I found it to be a nice horror movie, if not completely superficial, and I also always found Taylor to be perfectly credible as the emotionally disturbed Nell. Here, Taylor gives yet another credible performance. It gives a very poor performance and offers the perfect performance to compliment Gretchen Mol's. After all said and done, I realized that "The Notorious Bettie Page" can not be compared to other biopics such as "Finding Neverland" and "Walk the Line ". It is incomparable because it tells the story of a woman and her career, from beginning to end. Her personal life is briefly implied, but it's really her impact on the world that becomes the high point. We watch the movie knowing that Page will eventually find out everything and know the impact that their decisions will have, but we are rarely shown the impact they will have on their personal lives. She is a woman who never looked back and could reinvent herself constantly. After all, she was an adult model who became a Christian missionary. This movie does not dramatize anything. He could have included fictional moments of Page crying hysterically and begging God to forgive her. He could have shown Page rushing and screaming through the rain, trying to escape the ghosts of his past - and yet not. "The Notorious Bettie Page" tells a simple story and this is something rare by today's standards. Fortunately, it's quite refreshing. Final Thought: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a relaxing movie with absolutely incredible cinematography. Overall rating: 9/10 (A)
