Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well acted and filmed, it is, at best, a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on his work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister of the team that produced most of his most famous photos. It does not detail his life after posing, in addition to his religious rebirth. He quotes "The Real Bettie Page" by Richard Foster as the source but ignores the last years of mental illness and Bettie's incarceration in a psychiatric hospital. The narrow focus of the biography may be debated, but most of Bettie's fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career than they are. <br /> <br /> The film is well represented. , with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing Bettie's gaze, as well as conveying the sweetness that her pictures exuded. The character is interpreted as rather naive, a likely by-product of interviews given by Bettie in recent years. Bettie was more likely to be aware of the nature of her photos, but to rationalize her acting and costumes. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is also excellent, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film misses the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with the Klaws. Harris plays Willie somewhat like Peter O'Toole, in his most debauched state. <br /> <br /> Despite the acting quality, the film is somewhat disappointing in terms of depth. The story is rather shallow and we never really feel we know Bettie. Much like her photos, it's just an image. This tends to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety. His photos were seen mainly in New York, in a very restricted market of underground and educated publications. Her true fame came after her pictures were reprinted in the late 70's and 80's, and the Cult of Betty Page (as her name was usually written) grew. Bettie's biggest expose (with pardon of the pun) was in Playboy, appearing in the January 1955 issue (the Christmas photo, which is staged unlike in the movie). <br /> <br /> The film is well done, if only superficially. It is able to maintain interest until the end and presents many good performances. It reaches the high points of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that would have given a much greater depth. The ending is a bit disappointed. It seems a bit abrupt. Still, the film is definitely worth seeing by anyone interested in Bettie, or even in the time period. The soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer into the 1950s. If nothing else, the film is a showcase of America's growing sexuality and confrontation with its puritanical past. It is also a peek at an icon for men and women.
