*** NOTES: BETTIE'S NOTORIOUS PAGE (2006) *** 1/2 Gretchen Mol, Lilli Taylor, Chris Bauer, Jared Harris, Sarah Paulson, David Strathairn, Austin Pendleton, Norman Reedus, Dallas Roberts. Mol glitters like the legendary movie queen, Bettie Page, in a great biopic. <br /> <br /> Gretchen Mol is probably best known for being played as The Next-It-Girl for a few years. back, when no one knew who she was, despite an infamous Vanity Fair cover story, among others, but despite some co-starring roles here and there, her anticipated stardom seemed to flicker less intensely until now. Here as the famous pin-up queen Bettie Page, Gretchen Mol is, in fact, a bright star on the rise. <br /> <br /> Bettie Page was born in Tennessee as a God-centered and family-oriented girl who seemed to find herself the undisputed object of lust and affection as she grew old. There is graphically depicted a gang rape that has flashbacks, nor the subtle demonstration that his own father has less than decent drawings for his own relatives, which is important to understand how Page managed to escape the possible nightmare life for a career as an actress going to New York City in the 1950s, when in fact it was the time and place to pick up lighting in a bottle. What Page did not realize was that, in fact, she would be just that when she arrived. <br /> <br /> A beautiful black-haired love with a divine figure, Page is spotted on Coney Island one summer day by a black cop asking him to take a picture of her, which leads her to pose in the basement and, eventually to the studios of Irving Klaw (Bauer) and his sister Paula (Taylor), who take care of their kitsch, but consider pornographic images for a unique clientele: types of fetish. Although Page is rather naive, she is undeniably intelligent and knows that her body is not a sin and can see the forest through the trees in the sense that she is in control - or at least remains in what is offered to her as working on it does not is indecent and she is amusing herself in her less and less dressed portraits - until a witch hunt in Congress seeks some scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime. The talented filmmaker Mary Harron and her writing partner Guinevere Turner ("An American Psycho" and "I Shot Andy Warhol") simplify the look of the film and perhaps a little hastily was Bettie Page although they do justice in portraying an era of tension in its zenith. Big thanks to the talented cinematographer Mott Hopfel for his languidly beautiful black-and-white images as well as the blurred color segments reminiscent of Douglas Sirk's films of the day for his melodramatic creators. Part of the feminist treatise and part of the American Dream fulfilled the story well with excellent performances from her ensemble, including comedians Bauer and Taylor as brothers in obscenity and Harris having a picnic with a taste for wine and small talk . It's fun to see Strathairn as a senator on a justice campaign after playing the bulldog Edward R. Murrow in his latest performance, "Good Night, and Good Luck" as opposed to the role on the table. But take your hat off for Mol's truly fine talents as the uninhibited but deeply moral and most importantly clever Bettie Page that lets her childish innocence radiate her daring nudity and now considered-meek-and-quaint- borderline poses -kitsch that attracted male fantasy for decades and is still a marker for human sexuality in this country and perhaps the world as a whole. Mol is perfect and strangely resembles the subject of his portrait until his teasing smile. The real Bettie Page would not have gotten involved with the project, but apparently gave her blessing and continues to live a somewhat isolated life that is alluded to in the final moments of finding Jesus and running away from his 'notorious' image once and for all. A shame, as this film strangely embraces the resounding decency imbued in its subject, radiating for all to see in its naked splendor.
