First, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming, very lovingly rendered film of its time and subject (s). Gretchen Mol is totally painful and convincing, the very soul of the contradictions gently reified by Mrs. Page herself. Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn as the working class bullies they were (having met Paula in Movie Star News in 1990, I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is impeccable), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is a genius devotee Anyone who has an interest in the recorded history of American attitudes toward sexuality should see this film, preferably in a theater, where vows made in dollars count more. <br /> <br /> Second, I will allow myself to be a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous, which in no way affects my estimate of Harron's work as the splendid piece that is, but conditions my view of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. Mrs. Harron has worked out a subtle subversion work. Along with V for Vendetta, it's a movie about another time for our times. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site will be aware that the government will see them promulgated in Notorious (through the transcription of the same words uttered). in the closed hearings of the Senate committee) is a very close approximation of what they now live. While Harron expressly does not allow her to have a political agenda attached to this film, her faithfulness to the facts, and the respectful and foolish way she handles them, synchronizes Notorious with the present day. The very acts that Notorious portrays in loving and accurate detail are defined as obscene by the Communications Decency Act, recently brought to the Supreme Court as a First Amendment case and portrayed at the request of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective slavery portrayed in Notorious is now reprehensible by federal prosecutors in whatever (hostile) jurisdiction they choose. Of course, there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere on this matter when the CDA was passed. Of course you do not know anything about it because you do not want the people in Peoria to tell you what you can and can not look at (likewise, people in Peoria probably do not want me to tell them what they can to see). Of course notorious will never be indicted. It's Hollywood. It's legalistic. Countless Klaws, however, will continue to be massacred by a Puritan bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic, moral, or biological composition in more than 50 years. <br /> <br /> In addition, Notorious does not disclose any statement of compliance with USC 2257. which is mandated by the recently noted "brand" voted by law. If any media contains images of "sadomasochistic restriction", it is necessary to make available (ex-order) records of age and circumstance of all artists. Notorious fails in this regard as well. In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and a (almost) accurate historical document, Notorious will be the decisive one against which the Bush Justice Department itself is judged in connection with the 14th Amendment (Equal Protection) and , perhaps, several other constitutional bases. Just in this respect, a debt of gratitude is due to Mary Harron. You will be thankful in any case, constitutional or not, if you see this movie.
