I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of her appearance on Playboy's very small days (apparently, when she took a picture of her and her Santa hat, only, she did not know what the magazine was). The film, co-written and directed by Mary Harron of American Psycho, shows well the major parts of her life. A Southern beauty of a churchgoer has some bad experiences and leaves them behind to look for better times in New York, where she is dedicated to modeling and from there, much more. Soon, she becomes the pin-up underground sensation, with bondage the obvious (and "notorious" title) trait attributed to her. Actress Gretchen Moll portrays and lowers the spirit of this woman as best she could, which is really much of the success of the film. She is not a simplistic character, even though sometimes her morality ideas are questionable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, were not they?" She says a few times). Apparently the filmmakers leave out the last years of Page's life and depart with it in a kind of redemptive period, leaving behind the pictures for Jesus. Overall, Nottie's Bettie Page is not much more than a sort of usual bio-photo presented by HBO movies, although this time with the stamina for a feature-length release. The best scenes Harron captures are Page in their "questionable" positions, taking pictures of her in exaggerated poses and starring ridiculous movies of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds much needed comic relief to the usual nature of the film. Not that the story behind it is uninteresting, which involves the government's investigation of the 'soot' that came out of these underground photos and magazines. But there is not much time to explore more than is just hinted at, with Page and its complexities or their relationships, or with regard to sex and the fifties. All of this gives a really clear black-and-white look, and it sometimes seems that Harron was progressing in some of the black-and-white photos to be more colorful as he progressed. It's an eye-catching sight if you're not very knowledgeable about Bette Page, and probably also for the fans.
