"The Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who has always wanted to be an actress but has become one of the most famous pin up girls in American history. Bettie Page, played by Gretchen Mol, was one of America's first sex icons. The kind of modeling that Bettie Page participated in included nudity and servitude that led to a US Senate investigation in the 1950s. Leaving the film, all I could think of was how far we got terms from pornography since the 1950s. You can go on the internet now and find some of the most disturbing and shocking footage ever filmed, which the movie questioned in "The Notorious Bettie Page" looks almost childish and innocent. Most of the scenes, including slavery, did not show nudity when Bettie Page was involved, but today we have sick images in which we can see women having sex with animals. I think maybe the envelope has been pushed a little too far since the 1950s because looking at this movie in terms of today's pornography, was done with great taste. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was quite impressed with "The Notorious Bettie Page", I found the film very well done and interesting. The film is exactly what the trailer takes you to believe it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first female sex icons in America. Gretchen Mol looks like Bettie Page and does a great job. I also found that since the film was shot in black and white, it made the film seem realistic because it made the audience believe that they were watching a movie created in the late 1950s. <br /> <br /> My only It was the execution time, there seemed to be some scenes that were cut and seemed to be a bit shorter than they should have been. I looked up and it looks like 10 minutes have been cut from the movie since its original screening at the Toronto Film Festival. Also the ending was pretty tame and I was expecting a little more of it or maybe a few paragraphs to appear on the screen to tell the public more about the life of Bettie Page where the movie stopped. Those are my only two complaints about the film other than that the direction was solid, the acting was great, especially Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mary Harron, who directed "American Psycho," which is one of my favorite movies, is the director and writer of "The Notorious Bettie Page". I feel like Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a scene and create great character-based movies, because like "Psycho", Bettie Page is a great character study. Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease, as well as all the characters. She's a very talented director I hope she's been around for many years. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story that shows how America, just like the world, came in terms of pornography. The film also delivers a great performance by Gretchen Mol, who literally marks the role of Bettie Page in the head. And on top of that with a talented director who was able to capture the look of a previous era and you have a good movie in your hands. Unfortunately, this movie is likely to fail, as not many people, in addition to people who grew up in this era, will show interest in the film, but I think it is worth checking. MovieManMenzel's final rating for "The Notorious Bettie" Page is an 8/10. It's an interesting study of characters about one of the most famous girls and sex icons in American history.
