If this film astonishes you (as happened to us and, apparently, others who depart from the theater) as disappointingly fine, it may be because the subject himself is slightly disappointing. The film faithfully portrays Bettie Page, as she probably was: an almost innocent playboy from the rural south, whose career as "the pinup queen of the universe" was for her just fun and natural fun. His eventual moral scruples, religious conversion, and sudden departure from nudity and slave modeling are biographically accurate, but difficult to understand given their tranquility with their subsistence. <br /> <br /> There are many reasons to see this movie anyway. , including the impressive black and white cinematography of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old-fashioned wipes and dissolutions), the faithful performance of the 50's cast under the direction of Mary Harron, perfect performances by some of our most underrated (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention the Oscar-winning performance of technically challenging Oscar. <br /> <br /> Ms.. Mol does several totally nude scenes and most of the others in incredible period lingerie and "specialties" costumes (gloriously mounted by costume designer John A. Dunn), but she surprisingly retains Bettie Page's untapped pleasure in her exuberant body. Watching Ms. Mol as Mrs. Page, an aspiring actress, progressing through degrees of progressively less "bad" auditions and student acting scenes, is seeing a really excellent actress in complete control of her craft. The script effectively takes us to America in the 1950s, where childhood sexual abuse, lawless kidnapping and rape, and the legal suppression of pornography brands that seem laughably dull today are a reality. The 50's New York is evoked with filming of endless news. Miami from the 50's comes to life in super-saturated colors, 16mm style. The real Bettie Page seems to run, smile, and pose before us, yet the effect is curiously light, not obscene, and nothing dangerous. <br /> <br /> How strange that the greatest icon of slavery is so devoid of poison and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting.
