I liked it ... only ... I liked it, I did not like the animated series ... I loved it !!! The fact that this is less attractive is that we all try to compare ourselves and not like it, but this cartoon was incredible but did not like it very much. There are a lot of people talking about Bruce being so cold, but if this is around 5 years later, someone in a crime-fighting gang would have that furious and grim attitude, so to me it's not a fault. Batgirl was amazing, she really fit in there, as there is more Dick Grayson as a robin, batman needed a good teammate, not like the new robin, he's just a kid and you can not trust so much in a kid. But here's what did not work: The new work of art ... is not horrible, but ... for me, it does not work on a series like Batman. This is a dark character with a maniac killer like the joker, so you can not put this type of art in this cartoon, The Joker is not a bad project, but I still like the past joker (but for me the best joker ever was the one that appeared in batman beyond: return of the joker), then this joker is not so good. The good thing about the joker is that it still marks the voice of Hamil. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her) They put an incredible episode for her: crazy love (for me the best episode of this series). Here we finally know how she turned Harley Quinn, and how the joker twisted her mind, and feel that atmosphere you feel in the animated series, more somber, no happy ending, brutal fight with the wildcard (but too short), this is how was to be ALL the series. BUT in general, I did not like how she did Harley in this series ... in almost every episode they got funny, but in a ridiculous way, she took a punch, she said bullshit, she made flaws ... come on , she's funny in a way that you can laugh with her, not hers ... and here they put ridicule (as I said the only episode in which I do not think it's in crazy love and beware of the creeper) Overall, it's a good series, it has ups and downs, the design could be better (nice to see!) nice sound effects, good music, nice voices and nice episodes: my favorites, Mad Love, Jokers Millions Old wounds, father sins and cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS, you can watch, but do not specify too much, on the other hand, if you did not watch TAS, watch it first and then watch TAS that way, you'll really love TAS: D
