New Batman Adventures (also called Gotham Knights) takes place 5 years after the final episodes of Batman: The Animated Series (B: TAS) and only aired for 24 episodes. This is not a horrible show, but not as good as the original Batman Animated Series. I'll start with all the things that I thought would not be very good. The first thing is the first: the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is not darker, the sky is always bright red and orange, B: TAS did it too, but it was drawn in a dark palate, make the sky color was more sinister, in this show, the color of the sky is very bright. It all looks like any other children's show and it does not look as unique as Batman: TAS did with its dark and cool art style in Gotham. The art style is good, but it does not remind me of Batman anymore. Each character is composed of straight lines, squares and triangles, making the characters look less human. In the original series (B: TAS), the characters look more like drawn versions of real people. The animation may be more consistent here than in B: TAS, but it's definitely not so good. <br /> <br /> Next: some of the episodes look very stupid and childish, but some of the issues are even stronger than in B: TAS (Two-Face trying to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2, and some villains receive a very hard treatment). This brings me to the next point. <br /> <br /> As this should happen in the future, as well as the final episodes of the Batman Animated Universe, many villains find their death or depart forever. The poison ivy apparently drowns when a cruise ship explodes; Two-Face almost kills Penguin, Killer Croc and himself, so he moved to Arkham forever; The Joker falls into the exhaust tower of an industrial plant (although he returns later in the Animated Series of the Justice League); Catwoman walks away to France leaving Batman, etc ... Just because the series is ending does not mean they have to get rid of some great characters! The motives of the villains are very bad as well. There is none! In B: TAS, we learn that these villains are mentally tormented and their lives are ruined, which is why they act the way they do, in this program, villains are committing crimes just to progress in history. It's as if Batman just did not care to save whatever sanity there was in the people he fights, he just knocks them out. This Batman is a cooler and evil version of the character, but since he has been doing this job for years, I can see why he is so hard. <br /> <br /> Then the redesigned character models: they are terrible. Gordon slimmed about 100 pounds ... is he sick? Many villains look STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr. Frosty, Mad Hatter and Killer Crocodile are among the WORST). Although, I think some characters look better (Bane, Scarecrow, Batgirl). Harley is almost the same, and Ivy (who is even sexier now) has pale green skin. With the series having many flaws, some episodes are great - Over the Edge, Mad Love, Beware the Creeper, Girls Night Out, Old Wounds, Legends of the Dark Knight, and Never Fear are the my favorites here, in my opinion. All crossovers with Batman in Superman Animated Series were great too. <br /> <br /> The worst part about this show is how the creators say they love the animation of this series more than the original. About the DVD features of the original Batman Animated Series, they talk about how proud they were of the art style, and how some characters were difficult to animate, but eventually succeeded (the difficult animation needed to animate Clayface, for example). In New Batman Adventures DVD features, the creators basically say "To Hell with B: TAS, this is a new, new re-vamp, it looks better and we love how we almost screwed the series!" Alright, that 's an exaggeration. When the creators rejected B's incredible art style: TAS, it really bothered me! <br /> <br /> It's not a bad show, but I still do not like the original animated series so much. At least the show does not talk to the audience, so for that reason, I still recommend it. Although some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching. Superman: The Animated Series, and Justice League: The Animated Series are great hits for Batman: The Animated Series and The New Batman Adventures, so give them a watch as well.
