If you were not there, unfortunately this movie will be beyond compassion for you. Which, as I say, is a shame because although some of the performances are amateurish, they are for realism. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things exactly or perfectly, even when we want to. In that sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born natural). The fact that the other 3 girls are not fulfilled only contributes to the story - Jodie plays the glue that strives to keep the friendship close, even with the obvious sense of doom. Which means no matter how close friends are, eventually there are people who just disappear no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And therein lies the core of the film. It's not about parties, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their end time as young girls before they have to go the world alone. <br /> <br /> If you've ever had a friendship like this in your life, you'll feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what age it is, or when you grew up. We all knew these girls at school, or at least we knew them. We all knew the virgin frustrated, half wanting to keep her childhood and half wanting desperately to grow up and thinking that she would do it for her. We all knew the crazy boy, the fashion whose vanity hides his fear of the world, his fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl, to which they whispered, with stories not only of her sad domestic life, but of her notorious feats. And we all knew the "mother figure," which was a little more real, a little more grounded, a little sadder because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, like me, you have been one at a time in one or the other ... <br /> <br /> This film really captures that fragile moment of life when desires, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, the world and the solitude are all incorporated into the head of every woman, every factor on the cliff. In what aspect do you cling? What do you throw up the edge, no matter how you want to hold on? And how painful is goodbye to everything you know? This is how this movie is - it comes to femininity as it clings to childhood, and how difficult it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and you love this movie, like I do. Aching and tenderly made. A beautiful piece of captured femininity.
