As a low-budget company in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the DVDs, perhaps we should not expect too much from Broken on disk. And yet, the most notable of all this achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to embarrass a James Cameron DVD and a decidedly good presentation. <br /> <br /> Regarding the latter, the only major flaw is that Broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. Otherwise, we get the film in its original ratio of 1.85: 1, demonstrating that there are no technical flaws and looks similar to what was expected. In fact, given the hands of Ferrari in the approach of mounting this disc, you can practically guarantee that fact. <br /> <br /> The same is also true for the soundtrack. Here we are offered mixes DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​and while I'm not sure what should be considered the "original", the fact that Ferrari has an involvement in both means that neither should be considered inferior. In fact, while DD5.1 ​​may offer a more atmospheric viewing experience because of the way it uses the score, both are equally thin and free from technical flaws. <br /> <br /> As for the extras, the disc is positive. oppressed by them. Take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you'll notice countless comments, heaps of featurettes and various galleries. In fact, given the way in which everything was broken into small pieces, instead of compiled into a long documentary, there really is little to be discussed. The "Anatomy of a Stunt" feature, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same goes for the rest of the pieces. As such, we get coverage on virtually every aspect of Broken's pre-production, production and post-production. And while it has been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible global "making of", this way we have easy access to any special feature that we may wish to see. <br /> <br /> Of the various pieces then, maybe they are just the comments that need any kind of discussion. Then again, there is also a predictable air for each of the chat ranges. What involves the actors is excessively annoying and does not take the film too seriously. The Ferrari parts are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. And the technicians are, well, extremely technical. Of course, we also have some intersection with what was covered elsewhere on the discs, but in just 19 minutes, none of these pieces is welcome. In fact, after all, an excellent package of extras.
