An independent feature can now be seen as a cinematic work of art and a video resume. Enter Broken and aggressively promoted, twenty minutes with style and enthusiasm to spare. But is it good as a movie, or does it just work as a demo piece? Ah, there lies the liar. <br /> <br /> Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton who is abducted after waking from a recurring nightmare one night by "a strange sadist and his colorful entourage" (video box citation). As she is held captive, it becomes obvious that her abductors know things about her that even she did not know about herself. As they question her, a soldier dressed in black enters her hiding place in an attempt to rescue her. The chaos follows. Fortunately for us, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he's doing, or at least he's good at pretending. Broken does not suffer from any lack of visual talent, which is especially commendable considering his budget and the inexperience of all involved. What suffers is weak and type of writing derived. Think Long Kiss Goodnight meets The Matrix, written ten minutes after reading the Fight Club. The good news for Ferrari and for producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that the elements of the story are easily ignored by the large amount of eye drops. Does the plot really matter a lot in a short 20 minutes to show off the technical skills of its creators? No, not really. <br /> <br /> Although it is unfair of me to ignore any negative aspects in light of the budget and length of the films. Broken is not a classic genre. The biggest problem was that it actually would have worked better as a complete resource. The final "turnaround" does not have enough time to be shocking. If Ferrari were allowed to delay burning the feature as needed, the plot elements would appear less random, and the movie more complete. It is important to know that he is having the chance. <br /> <br /> The presentation of Audio Broken's Dolby Digital 5.1 is unparalleled in the indie world. I've never heard of this aggressive surround of such a small feature. The soundtrack inspired by the Matrix is ​​very rich and deep, the shots have an impact and even the dialogue enters the surround effects. From everything presented on this disc, it is the audio that speaks the compliment to the modern independent DVD production. Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround track, which is the standard of the menu. <br /> <br /> Extras There are literally hours of resources to be found on this disk. There are so many extras, in fact, that I find it unrealistic to list and describe each of them here, while I still hope that my readers will continue reading. Whatever shortfalls real shorts may have, the DVD is unheard of in its informational resources. People who liked the film can learn everything there is to know about their production, including everything from concept art to the promotional campaign. Those with plans to make an independent film can learn everything they need to know from these features. <br /> <br /> The extras are divided into categorical menus. These include: pre-production, production, post-production, after the short, and cast and crew biographies. From a critical point of view, I discovered that some of the sections were very short. If they had been edited in a feature by menu option, they would have been less frustrating to navigate, since the default cursor is the top selection with each return to the main section menu. This, of course, is just a detail, but perhaps for future DVD releases, the filmmakers will follow my advice. <br /> <br /> There are six audio commentary and interview times and talented people, and in spite of the consonant. The ability to share your movie making secrets with anyone who takes this DVD is quite generous. Of the extras I've learned what editing software and effects is most reliable and effective, that camera brand creates the most professional look for the lowest price, even where to get cheap armament from soft air. In addition, I received several alternative options if I could not locate any product used in that particular production. Filmmakers who do not want to read a book on the subject would do well to watch this DVD. <br /> <br /> Overall I got shorts as 6 in 10, but I wish there was an option for the feature film. potential and effort because I would have scored an 8 or 9 in these fields. I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with just eight thousand US dollars. Those who buy the DVD can think of themselves as ghost producers for a bigger project, because the more attention these guys get, the more funding the full-length version will get.
