After the glories of The Snare, it was unlikely that a new exit for Hanzo would be able to improve, and that does not break that expectation, but it is a great film and fits perfectly between the first fun but confusing chapter. and the second fantastic in terms of quality and entertainment in general. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare, as well as the expected hi-jinks from a Hanzo movie, but the film touches small changes in the formula by increasing the mood driven by the character and giving the film an edge more quiet and reflective. The movie opens with Hanzo assistants scared by a ghost, and typically he immediately decides that he needs to have carnal knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that the ghost is serving as a guard for a stock of stolen coins, and from that set up reveals a history of theft, corruption and usury, with violent and despicable results expected. Shintaro Katsu is fantastic as expected as Hanzo, appearing effortlessly as a deadly fighter and sexual force of nature, he is equally good at times of knowing and friendly mood, almost an ordinary gentleman in times of drama, it is a beautifully rounded performance full of social awareness and a touching touch of personal feelings. The expected comedy is also good, his moments with "Snake" Magobei are perhaps the most fun of the series, while his interactions with his servants are more fun than ever. While perfectly loaded with good times, lots of action and a bit of craziness, the movie loses a bit of a relatively contained approach. There are nuances from both previous films, the plot, the rhythm and the wit remind the Snare, and when the film aims at sleaze, it performs very well, with a potently manipulated and shocking initial interrogation sequence. Similarly, director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially despicable scenes in a more experimental way, according to Kenji Misumi's less well-known work in Sword Of Justice, with sometimes very good consequences, such as a man playing a song in koto with close-ups of his fingers pulling the strings as if they did not know him Hanzo to his wife, and sometimes a little weak, as with an orgy that is reduced to a psychedelic free nudity of limbs in motion that only seems confused. Nudity and bloodshed are usually underestimated, which is a shame, although there is a bit of a stronger approach that would have worked better, it is definitely the kind of movie where unpretentious nudity and violence are unapproachable. But even with less exploitative goods, this is still entertaining, predictable moments are made with aplomb and there are more than enough intrigues and emotions, even some effective surprises. It's a movie for the fans really, throwing away the work provided in the previous installments and working sweetly, if not spectacularly with it. All in all, an almost wholly pleasurable, though slightly defective, end of a delightful trilogy, the second best of them and worthy of being watched by enthusiasts of such things.
