Following the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (also known as "Hanzo The Razor - Justice Sword", 1972) and his excellent (and even more cute) sequence "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (also known as "Razor 2: The Snare ", 1973). ), this "Goyôkiba: Oni not Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and sad ending of the saga about the incorruptible Samurai-constable Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu), who fights against corruption with his combat expertise. as well as their enormous sexual powers. As a big fan of Nippon's 1970s exploration film, "Sword Of Justice" became one of my favorite snapshots, and I was more than eager to find the sequences, and full of anticipation when I finally stumbled upon them recently. While this third film "Hanzo" is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it is definitely another great cult movie piece that no Japanese movie theater lover can afford to lose. Who's Got The Gold is a bit tame than the two previous Hanzo movies, but it's so brilliantly comedic and rudely humorous, and immediately starts fabulously weird: The movie begins when Hanzo's two assistants see a female ghost when they fish. Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the scene ... If this is not a promising start to an incredible cinematic experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written specifically for him. Katsu is Hanzo, the stubborn and fearless cop who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, whose unique interrogation techniques include rape of suspicion. The women questioned who immediately fall for him, due to his sexual powers and huge penis, which he trains in a routine rather grotesque routine. I will not give more on the plot in "Who's Got The Gold", but I can assure you it's as cool as it sounds. The supporting performances are also very good and, as in the predecessors, there are many hilarious eccentric characters. This is, unfortunately, the last film of the impressive series 'Hanzo'. If they had done 20 more sequences, I would be happy to watch them! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is somewhat inferior compared to its predecessors, it is definitely a must-see for all cult movie lovers! Oh how I wish they had done more sequels!
