L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The Hypothesis of Stolen Painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old three-storey Parisian apartment building. Inside, we find The Collector, an elderly man who apparently devoted his life to the study of the six existing paintings of an obscure impressionist painter, Tonnerre. A narrator recites various epigrams on art and painting, and then dialogues with The Collector, who describes the paintings for us, shows them to us, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that knocked him down, and then tells us that it will show us something ... <br /> <br /> As he walks through a door, we enter into another world, or worlds, or perhaps to stretch to the limits, other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly unlimited house, including a large courtyard full of trees with a hill; within these limits, the six paintings come to life, or are halfway to life, as he goes through several pictures and describes the possible meanings of each painting, of the whole work, of a whole secret story behind the paintings. , the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that may have inspired the paintings. And so on and so forth. Each room, each description, takes us deeper into a maze, and all the time The Collector and The Narrator engage in their separate monologues, very occasionally approaching dialogue, but especially keeping themselves separate and different. <br /> <br /> I watched it a second time, so bizarre, powerful and indescribable that it was, and so challenging to think or write about. If I have a hunch as to what this all means, it would be a groovy satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. An indicator can be found in two of the most entertaining and inexplicable scenes are those in which The Collector puts some plastic figurines without sex - in the second of them, he also observes photos taken of the figures that mirror the poses in the paintings - - then he runs through his collection, which is now partially composed of full-size versions of the figures. If we think a lot about it and not just have fun, it will all just become faceless plastic .... If I have come to any definitive conclusion about L'Hypothèse du tableau volé, "or not , I can definitely say that outside of Peter Greenaway's ancient (and contemporary) works, such as "A Walk Through H," I've rarely been so fascinated by something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and in the heart, so mischievous it's fun.
