This project was originally conceived as the cinematic version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and this is nothing new for Jay Chou, who made his film debut playing a character from another popularly popular manga, Initial D. Along the way, it was decided to incorporate a bit of kung fu into the film, hence the title, even though the idea was not very unique, with Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer coming to mind with combined martial arts and ball games. <br /> <br /> However, and fortunately, the scenes where kung fu really influenced the games were kept to a minimum and in Kung Fu Dunk, really very unnecessary because they do not add much to the plot nor increase a lot of excitement , and at the most offered some cheap laughs and recalled the time when Stephen Chow wore kung fu at football matches. Jay Chou is comfortable in his role as a martial artist Fang Shi-jie since it is not the first time he fought using martial arts, and under the direction of Ching Siu-tung, he was made to look really believable as he destroys countless gangsters in a bar as seen in the trailer, just so you know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> That's why your character became a kung fu practitioner and giving you an excuse to be a shot from above, capable of firing the bows from almost any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a small setback Chen-Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins a university to play college basketball, but not without the initial objection of team captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin ) and team star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in his big screen debut). But you know that with team members on the same side, it is not too soon that they combine their strengths to face opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I will strive to say that this movie is for basketball just like the goal was for football. This made the sport look good because of its charismatic characters, though they were so cold and indifferent in court. Here, special effects and wired work were employed to make the actors look like professionals who can get the best of the NBA league, and in all honesty, they really did look impressive, especially when they imitate various buzzing moves, and making combos. moves thanks to technology and stunt work. So, in fact, the elements of kung fu need not be in the movie. The stunt work itself will be able to justify most moves as they are totally grounded to reality, having you just to suspend the belief that middle-aged boys have springs on their feet to jump over that height to a professional burial ground. > Also pity that the number of games was only a handful, with time spent in many subplots, but each was vaguely developed and went in and out of history as and when they want. Things like the abandoned Shi-jie's quest to use basketball games for his parents to watch him one day, gangsterism penetrating and influencing games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in another role of flower pot just to look good and do nothing else. Everyone is acting a little too much, leaving little room for the main characters to add depth. One of the key themes here is the perception of the importance of teamwork, not individual talent and skill, and could have been much stronger if the players themselves interacted much more outside the court than only in it, and during competitive games , as well as friendly passes and passes. With the budget of $ 10 million, it's easy to see where the money went - the effects, in particular, of a huge fantasy sequence at a crucial point in the film. It's perfectly flawless, cool to see and probably justifiable only in its quality, but again I like to emphasize that even without these elements, the basketball stunts themselves would still make this movie decent with cool basketball moves. And having Jay Chou playing for your team is a big boost for any hope of box office success.
