Jay Chou plays an orphan raised in a kung fu school, but kicked out by the corrupt director after fighting with a bunch of thugs in the service of a nefarious villain. He comes across cheater Eric Tsang, who immediately sees potential money in the young man's abilities. Basketball is the avenue chosen for riches, and Tsang offers a place for a college team and to promote it in the media. Overall success leads to a basketball championship and a really nasty rival team managed by the same nefarious villain as before. <br /> <br /> It's all a bit of Shaolin football I guess, but not so quirky or ridiculous - the plot sticks handsome close to sports movie conventions and offers all the elements that the crowd expects from the set-up. You've seen it all before, but it's the kind of thing it never hurts to see when it's done right. Fortunately this really is done right here (some may say 'surprisingly' with Chu Yen-Ping in the director's chair ... I hope he has good 'assistants') - the script is delivered and the presentation is fluid and elegant. Jay Chou remains practically blank, but that's his style, and when it leaves a thrill of sparkle, it can have a very good comic effect. Eric Tsang pays off with a character larger than the life he has played many times before (in real life, for example), which receives many of the most thrilling moments in the film. <br /> <br /> Since the film revolves around basketball, it is good that the scenes of basketball games are lively. The cast shows some real skill, including Chou, and some well-crafted CGI work adds that hyper-real kung fu skill element that makes the scenes even more fun (assuming you like that sort of thing) and justify the plot / existence of the film. <br /> <br /> There is only one significant fighting scene in the movie, but it's a doozy in the "one against many" style. Jay Chou seems to do a lot of his own moves, and it's quite impressive - he's clearly very strong and really fast, and the choreography of Ching Siu-Tung makes him look like a real martial artist. I wish there were more, but at least it's a long fight. Very much the kind of Chinese New Year blockbuster that I had hoped it would be from the trailer, and I recommended watching it!
