Beginning to work on this film when it was made back in the summer of 1990. Partially filmed on the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC and the remaining parts in Winston-Salem. The massive offices of RJ Reynolds have been used in various scenes of offices and places around the beautiful city that is known as the tulip capital of the world Winston-Salem! I enjoyed my work, although it was extremely difficult to build all the scenarios, such as Golf de México, where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to meet them. I also had a great hand in the bar decor where Larry meets the magician Mr. Destiny. I shoved all those photos on the wall of sporting heroes and decorated the phone booth where Larry makes a call for a taxi. I even put my mother's picture at eye level so I could freeze the picture and show it to her when we watched. I remember dyeing grass in their old house with green dye because it first had to be bathed (it was a new house in a new development and I think they rented it for the movie) .. so I had to cut that newly laid grass to make it look good ... the man who was difficult! As for the movie, when we did that, we had no idea what it would be like, but after seeing it I fell in love with it because it really tells the story of "what if" as well as I had ever seen, including the great is a life Wonderful. I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can not tell. I met the wonderful actor Michael Caine while recording scenes in an old minor league stadium where Larry's childhood scenes were played and repeated. I remember that after he took a take, I was going back to his trailer, I ran over him and asked for a photo of him and he was very kind and said "why not!" He is a cool guy and a really natural and strong actor. I can not say the same for Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, smoking big Cuban cigars and speaking out loud so that everyone within earshot could hear every word of his. His career never took off, but he had a decent career on TV recently. I'd say watch this movie if you have a chance. It is wonderful and really sincere and real. You can feel the pain of Larry after he enters the new world that Mr. Destiny gives him after hitting the homer, and how he wants so much that people believe he is not that bad guy everyone thinks he is. Everyone thinks he belongs to an insane asylum! But eventually he conquers people, but by then he wants both his real life, especially his wonderful wife, played so beautifully by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants his dog back! So, look.
