Mr. Destiny - 3.5 / 5 Stars <br /> <br /> The theme "Mr. Destiny's" is recycled from many films from many different years. His theme ranges from recent spoofs in such scenarios (see "Scrooged"), to the same more serious and dramatic notion that worked on "It's a Wonderful Life," and a century earlier in Scrooge's story as told by Charles Dickens in "A Christmas Carol." "It involves an ungrateful man being taken on a guided tour of his life, and witnessing how his life might have been (or would have been) firsthand. In most of these types of films, Guardian Angel rescues a man from ingratitude and shows him his life in retrospect, or how it could have been, should have been, would have been, in this case is shown a business man named Larry (James Belushi) He hates his life. an unattractive woman (Linda Hamilton) and yearns for a bigger life with a bigger meaning, if only he had hit the ball in the high school state championship years ago, he is convinced that his life would have been better. apparently small in his life because it has had a major impact on his subconscious side, but I doubt that an adult man will crave for a single act in high school.However, it works in the movie. Anyway, Larry is driving home from work one at ite, where he is a feather collector along with Jon Lovitz, when hi The car breaks down. He walks into a bar looking for a pay phone, and reluctantly decides to tell the waiter (Michael Caine) about the way his life is changing. It is here that we see him for the first time remembering his childhood baseball strike. <br /> <br /> The bartender listens and shakes his head, seemingly without worrying about any other customer. This is probably due to the fact that the bar, though old and ragged, seems never to have been occupied by any living human being except these two men. In fact, Larry even makes a comment about never having seen the bar before. This is most likely for a reason that the public is waiting before Larry. So the bartender, who may well be an angel of God incarnate, just like Clarence fixes a special drink for Larry, which ends up putting Larry's life on the wrong side, showing him the what your life would do. it has been as if he had hit home run all those years before. But Larry has no idea of ​​any change in the beginning, just as Jimmy Stewart did not realize that Clarence had erased his life until he entered the bar and was expelled Larry remains unrelated to any change until he goes to his house to find the lawn outside, and a large, fighter-type man occupying his home. <br /> <br /> Larry soon discovers that his life would have been much different if he had done the homer. Instead of marrying Linda Hamilton, he married Rene Russo and moved to a large mansion with children. He discovers that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend, but an employee of it. And the most surprising fact of all is that with his new life, which Larry has always wanted ... he finds himself coveting his former wife, Linda Hamilton; Proof that sometimes money and a beautiful, shallow woman do not make up everything in a man's life, like a smart wife, love, and true happiness. Just as "It's a wonderful life" has shown the public that a man's life is what he does, and that every person has an impact on people, "Mr. Destiny" shows us that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth , a lesson has taught us repeatedly, but never so cute, forgettable and truly sweet as it is shown in "Mr. Destiny". <br /> <br /> "Mr. Destiny" is never extremely hilarious, but it's a sweet, humorous comedy that never takes itself too seriously. The problem with all "It's a wonderful life" retread, like "The man of the family," is that they try to be as influential and memorable as "It's a wonderful life." But there are only so many times that you can, by yourself, rip off a famous movie, and "Mr. Destiny" knows it and plays it accordingly. Do not try to be anything that is not; instead, it's something you did not try to be, and that's obvious to the public. <br /> <br />
