While the original 1932 version with Preston Foster was good, there's no more worthy remake than this 1959, or more impossible to find anywhere, just as I suspect Mickey Rooney has something to do with it. Never could a mere performance have been so masterfully brilliant, or a more thought-provoking script, as well as an improvement of the original. Many years after the last of my many appearances in this film in 1970 I read an article in which Mickey Rooney recounted a visit he had made to the death row and apparently had drastically eliminated any sense of personal identification that I felt with people in circumstances. The article was as short as the main character here, and it did not cover much, except to the extent that his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the inmates themselves had been emphasized, even in language I would not explicitly cite here. . . . . One of my major problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not applied equally and impartially, just as many innocent people are too careless and unnecessarily sent to attend to that particular destination. Another problem I have with it is that it is not applied quickly enough or even publicly! The Bible emphasizes in such cases that one of the most important purposes, as deterrence, is being obscured inefficiently, less, not just a public view, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who claim to prove, statistically, that this is not an effective impediment? In addition to having a problem about the reliability of your data, I have little or no objectively objectionable doubt that many are behind the grids now, owing to the extent to which such deterrence is lacking. However, I have a problem about the fact that Robert Duvall in the Apostle was punished at all for his particular "crime", or that the only hope of clemency for one such as he would have to be based on "insanity temporary "defense, as if this would serve as the only acceptable excuse in their type of case. . . . In addition to several other questions about Mickey Rooney's motives for that particular visit he told, and the answers to which I can only speculate, I suspect the principal of them was of a decidedly religious nature. I do not know exactly when he became the professed Christian, he now makes it a special point, whenever possible, to emphasize that he is; but as anyone should be well aware, this particular category of people tends to be the most vehement of the blood when it comes to extracting an eye for an eye. However, I have no point of contention in this regard, alone, as there is no doubt, biblically speaking, that not all, and perhaps not even the majority, will be spared the same final destiny, in the hands of the Lord Himself , as a result of his sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem for me about the spirit or attitude with which most professing Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; for, contrary to the Lord Himself, who would love to see all saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to be vengeful on their way to find reasons to condemn! . . . What most people, on both sides of this superlatively incessant question, can not seem to appreciate sufficiently, is that the Lord is as dynamic and elusively gentle in nature as it is hard. The two sides of His nature seem to be so inherently incompatible as to make him mentally disturbed, at least by any strictly human consideration. However, regardless of how this miraculously dynamic combination of water and oil in His nature is certainly unbearable, there can be no doubt that anything less than that, or anything fanatically and characteristically on either side of that equation, falls inadequate and unacceptably short of all judicial truth. In fact, I have seen the bloodiest thirst for the same come out, self-contradictory enough, on many occasions, whenever proponents of categorically anti-death penalty are confronted, even in the most rationally well-balanced ways, with the fact that , though the Lord has died for all, not all shall be saved. After all, in order to receive absolution, it is necessary, to repeat the same term, to reach out and receive it, that is, to repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Could something make more sense? . . . But what about the commandment of the Lord to forgive, even in the case of the enemies, those who despise and persecute him without just cause or provocation? One of the difficulties that prevails with this kind of popularly misunderstood sentimentality is the way it overshadows the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not in itself mean the same thing as unconditionally pardoning the one who is being forgiven. When you have a clearly sober view, rationally balanced here, from the standpoint of God's own attitude, all it really means is a fervent desire that the forgiven person will finally be able to find his way, seeing the light and being granted. mercy. This attitude is, of course, exactly the opposite of, say, Jonah, who actually resented when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would result in his repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent but vindictively wished they were destroyed. How self-righteous and cold-blooded was most of the professing Christians he was, unless his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonah almost as much as him! However, except the repentance of being forgiven, any forgiveness he may receive from a genuine Christian will bring him no good. In that case, the only one to benefit is the true Christian himself!
