The city of New York houses a man above all others, the possibly immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the sworn protector of mankind, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, chained to not enslave the human race. Well, you would not know? A prophecy is fulfilled and Kabal frees himself, and begins collecting elements (including platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. With the help of a police woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me courtesy of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive Collection. I had not heard about it, which is a little weird, since I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie is not that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The film certainly is fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band provides the song (which does not differ much from all his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that much of the film was a copy of Dr. Strange's comics. And the blue suit was silly. And the holes are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabal seem suspicious like a hammer and a scythe? Combs has never been a strong actor, so he fits well with the cheese. These are no complaints. Full Moon fans expect these things and devour them like Grape Nuts. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you are not a fan of the Full Moon, or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... you may want to look elsewhere. But if you like the style of making movies and haircuts in the early 90's, you will eat this. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger may like to see Brian Thompson as a villain, looking more ironic than ever and not being able to enunciate English beyond the third level. I made. I wish there was a "Mordrid II" but the company that does a sequel to just about everything (is "Gingerdead Man 3" really needed?) Reviewed that.
