I really liked "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low budget movie, which may be disappointing for some, but I have no problem with that. I admire it even more for that, considering it's a lot more fun than the charade Hollywood does every year. Too bad this was not a theatrical release; I do not know about anyone else but I would have gone to see the theaters. `Doctor Mordrid 'is a very entertaining science fiction movie that almost anyone can enjoy, especially if they like science fiction like me. I do not see why this is a R rating movie; only a word f is said, and there are no horrible death scenes, nor is there any blood. The timeless rivalry between sorcerers Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted to use his powers to save the human race while Kabal wanted to enslave them), gave the story a spell of enchantment, while the mythical plot added charm to the story itself. Basically, this is a movie that is simply fun to watch. There's one unintendedly funny thing about this movie: seeing Jeffrey Combs keeping a straight face while wearing that blue, soft cape. It makes me laugh every time I see it. But I digress ... Anyway, the performance is great; the main characters (Anton and his friend, Samantha) are very friendly; Anton is sympathetic and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. Also, the settings were wonderful. The floating island in the other dimension was very cool; we are only given a glimpse of it twice; It would have been great to see more scenes happen here. The main scenario was also very cool; Anton's apartment is very spacious, and he has some cool gadgets, especially the monitoring system he uses to keep up with the occurrences of the world. He even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar. Overall, this is a great movie; It was fun to watch, and the lead actors put a lot of feeling into their roles. If you can find anywhere that rents `Doctor Mordrid ', you must rent it (or, in my case, buy it. It was definitely money well spent)! <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 stars out of ten. <br /> <br />
