The movie "Holly" is the story of a young woman who was sold by her poor family and smuggled across the Cambodian border to work as a prostitute in the infamous "K11" red light village. In the movie, Holly is waiting to be sold to an award for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who is losing money and friends through gambling and bar fights. Patrick and Holly have an immediate connection with "stubbornness," but all of this is cut short when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears. As moviegoers, we are pushed into Patrick's quest to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is right and wrong. "Holly" takes us through beautiful and hard Cambodia, discovering that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and raped every year without rights or protection. Holly is less extreme than the subject may suggest, such as documentaries involving 4-year-olds and sex trafficking, but she manages to shed light on Cambodian / Vietnamese child trafficking for prostitution. It's a poignant story that helps to clarify the horrible situation that many children face and their struggle to trust and realize what is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the film's antagonist is an American dealer of stolen artifacts who is also losing money and friends while playing cards and entering bar fights. During a trip, his bike runs out of fuel and he is forced to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay he encounters Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and is being kidnapped in slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers an intelligent and stubborn girl under the traumatized exterior and becomes determined to save her - although their strictly platonic relationship is misunderstood by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly disappears, he begins a journey to follow her, without having thought if he really can help her. Holly is able to escape on her way to another brothel as she jumps from the truck and runs into a field full of mines. A mine is driven by a cow and the truck driver believes she is dead, so Holly is left alone. During Patrick's journey to find holly, he meets a social worker who tries to make some sense about him and shares the facts with him that haunts the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom simply fuels demand, she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year can reach 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he tells her, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​bringing her to safety is quickly cut short when the social worker tells him that the US will not allow him to adopt, and while it takes five minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to reinstate it. in society. Patrick is unaffected by the information and he continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The public is shown that Holly arrives in a small town and is looking for food with other homeless children. She is then aided by a local police officer who looks little better than criminals with a badge when they sell her to another brothel and then make a deal with a Vietnamese business man who then takes away her virginity. Holly then seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this behavior change, but he is not deterred in his plan to get her out of this world. In the end, he steals her and takes her to a safe land in the comfort of the social worker. Holly is given fresh clothes, feed herself and brought her to a dance class, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense yearning to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, she flees from the safe house and back to the streets in Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick is dealing with the decision to leave the country and flee to the United States or to stay in Cambodia. Her thoughts keep coming back to Holly and during a visit to a bar; an older male sees the photo he is holding and comments on his sexual appetite when having sex with her. This infuriates Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick is caught by the police in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind a post. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" can make the public want to donate money to organizations that improve their lives. poor young people and even a campaign to reduce the amount of brothels in the region, but the movie's dramatic weaknesses can reduce its chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference. Overall, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it was not as exciting as a movie. The actors did a great job showing their raw emotion and the real confusion of young people who are affected by this lifestyle, but in the end, the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of parents who sell their children to defend their rights. hunger, does nothing to help children's situations.
