After enjoying this show for years, I used to dream of being able to see them again and share them with my grandchildren. I am very happy to pay a small amount for the memories I found recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving, hardworking husband, a beautiful spoiled daughter, and two children as different as day and night. Michael, the baby son is a freedom walker and JJ is a clown. I know a lot of African Americans did not like this show, but I know that a lot of people can relate and should have accepted what it was like. My heart was sad when I heard that Ester Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is now the leading writer's actor today and I support his work, but not so much since he mocked Rolle in one of his plays. No one should have to hear ugly things about physical appearance. The show started to get less interesting when Daddy James died. He picked up a little when Florida remarried, but fell when she had an absence from the show. All in all, the show was great and again I am pleased to have copies of part of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the former Good Times stars, and I must say, they are a group that has not been swept up and down with rumors. I think today's kids will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting and watching with the kids. Congratulations to the writer, the crew and the stars for years of renewed memories of a time that I can once again enjoy without having to skip scenes. <br /> <br /> OK, so I watch the shows over and over. Lately I've noticed something that made me rethink the series, but no dislike of them. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came to money that the kids did. Not that kids do not need supervision, but this was done in a way that makes Florida maternity different. The scenes where Florida had to talk about how other people were not very pretty bothered me now. When James was alive, the show did a great deal with James wanting his own store, but he never lived to see his family off projects, but Florida marries someone who owns a repair shop. A little slap in the face of an actor who should have finished his time in Good Times, showing that he accomplished everything he worked hard for. Finally, while watching the shows, I see the series being replaced by "overtime" and being renamed "JJ". To be honest, after James left everything more centered on JJ. Not a bad thing, just a remarkable thing. I would not trade my DVD for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
