When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and Da Bears, Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox breaking the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and final MVPs) with the Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation do people think of the troublesome side of Chicago, the ghettos, the drug-infested streets, and urban housing projects during the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most formidable shows in television and an innovator The sitcom was "Good Times", which I vaguely remember from a small child on CBS, and I like to enjoy regularly now on TV Land. "Good Times" was another classic by Norman Lear, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons," the best African-American sitcom of all time and "All in the Family" Everytime. "Good Times" highlighted the difficulties of the ghetto and urban housing projects, and did so with charm, well written and thoughtful plots, and some wonderful performances, especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this troubled ghetto family played by Esther Rolle and John . Amos The children in the supporting cast were also very good especially the always-popular Janet Jackson in his early years and Ralph Carter as Florida's youngest son and James Evans whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair, and he has who learn to stand on their own two feet. <br /> <br /> The oldest of the JJ children played by Jimmy Walker is a bit out of place in this show and exists mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is 11 or 12, though he looks like a guy in his mid-twenties. J.J. gets annoying, and is credit to the always nasty James Evans (Amos) that he never tells J.J. to get his own life, get a job and leave the house. JJ is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother, he is never serious about getting a college degree, or more importantly for the family to get a job to help support a family that is a little above the well- be. <br /> <br /> Two classic Good Times episodes were one in which Janet Jackson's character is 104, and Florida Evans is desperately looking for good medical help because she can not afford anything but a clinic doctor who is very professional and does not want to give a family of projects more attention than she legally has to. The other episode is one in which James Evans can not afford to pay just $ 104 a month. The Evans are about to get the biggest setbacks of the family, being driven out of the projects with nowhere to go. Florida Evans goes to the social services center to try to get a loan or a grant to help his family. But the government does not consider their family poor because they have more than $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five, which is unfairly, but unfortunately legally, on the poverty line. James and the kids want to rush for the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, no matter how terrible their situation. In the end, the family finds a solution to keep their heads above water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times," a classic 1970s show, tries to keep his head above water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard at junior jobs to try to bring their children up and avoid the social stigma of social well-being. I was too young to understand the comedy message as a child in the 1970s on their first show on CBS, but I really like the reruns on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic comedies of the past. day.
