Prohibited Planet represents the kind of science fiction that is precious in film, especially from the 50's. There was the Day the Earth Stood Still and the War of the Worlds, but not to forget this gem that took some of its history from A Shakespeare's storm to tell a tale of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor on it who made a remarkable breakthrough. It is the kind of innovation that is not so incredible to look at (though by 1956 it seems rather surprising to see some of these sets and that gigantic machine created by the doctor), but with its emphasis on the characters and their themes technology pushed too far by the more primitive side of human nature, even when we do not know that we are channeling it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - that is, in the first ten minutes - seems standard, if a little more professionally acted and directed with better skill than the B movies of the period. An astronaut ship is on a mission to planet Altair-4 to bring back an expedition that disappeared decades earlier. But the only remnant is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who somehow were immune to an attack that left everyone dead. Morbius appears to be a cordial and highly intelligent man, and his technology seems so impressive that the only thing the astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think of is reporting back to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a problem - something is killing members of the ship's crew, one by one, every night, even when others keep an eye out and then put an invisible electric fence, which the invisible something goes on easily. Meanwhile, there is some romance between Skipper and Alraira, and there is a more insistent vibration of the doctor: you should not have come to the planet to begin with, and now you have to go. What happens from this is even more fascinating, only on a purely intellectual level, but the Forbidden Planet never forgets that your audience should also have fun with this story while you get some useful ideas. While everyone may remember Robbie the Robot, and for good reason, perhaps the most unforgettable image for me is the monster perceived on screen with the team firing unsuccessfully, animated with red electricity and looking so beastly that it seems out of Fantasy. Pidgeon's performance is subtle: you would not expect him to be a villain, although something is there in the character and performance that talks about it, and in the end it makes the character far more complex than could wait. And the other shows are good, but also excellent, from Nielsen as a native leader to Holliman, providing a great comic relief like Cook (which, I might add, help in one of the funniest scenes in the movie with those gallons of bourbon that Robbie offers)). And the effects for your time are extraordinary (also sophisticated in a nostalgic way for today), and music, made by electronics, is beautiful in its "tones." But finally, it's Hilcox's script and careful direction that puts it a little above the rest of the B-movie. When it's supposed to be funny, it's intentional and it works. When it's dramatic, it connects nicely even in its tough moments with the actors. And when we are led to think of a horrible situation, it arises gradually, with nuances, without being pushed on our faces or injected with mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration to many other science fiction films, and a good marker of thoughtful science fiction stories and books of ancient times, is a classy and fun classic.
