I must say that there are many, many things I love about 'Forbidden Planet' and yes, I certainly consider it a 'classic' science fiction movie for many reasons. But the adulation he received over the years was a little overdone in my opinion. No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of the genre." Ambitious? No doubt. Intelligent? It depends on which part of the movie you're talking about. It certainly was the most prestigious and highly-rated science fiction film to date. At a cost of almost $ 2 million (in 1956, remember), MGM took away all barriers to produce a dazzling adventure in space, unlike anything seen on the big screen before, even employing Disney studio artists for some time. the most elaborate special effects. "Enchanting" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in science fiction films, but it is the one that seems most appropriate here. Even the dreaded "Monster of the Id" is just a cartoon figure well represented by Disney staff, who probably does not scare anyone over 8 years old. When I look at the various scenarios and take note of the art design, models, costumes, I remember nothing more than "The Wizard of Oz," with its wonderfully saturated colors and elaborate, though not always convincing, effects. So much work has been devoted to these films that one is inclined to smile with admiration for the effort. 'Forbidden Planet' is wonderful to look at. The scenes take place on obvious stage sets that are fabulously decorated, frosted paintings of planets and space in the background and exquisitely designed miniature sand dunes and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's like watching the most elaborately produced play you've ever seen. The most convincing and convincing scenes are probably the ones inside the huge Krell complex, where photos showing the vast depth and breadth of this inner space are well made and reliable. But then we hit the actors, damn it. The presentations are almost uniformly horrible, although to be fair, the dialogue hardly transcends the mood of teenage locker rooms except for a few passages of inadequate scientific technobabble. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to giving such a bad performance, sometimes it is lugubrious. A very young Leslie Nielsen stars as the commander of the J.J. Adams spacecraft, and does not convey a bit of credibility or conviction throughout the film. He seems, instinctively, to know, thirty years earlier, that his real strength is in comedy, since at times he seems unable to maintain a serious expression in reciting his lines. Every forced reaction, be it anger, passion, or solemn meditation, seems to come out of a high school play. Anne Francis, also very young, does a little better as the supposedly innocent Alta, to whom we must believe that she has never seen a human man besides her father until the crew of the spacecraft appears. (Alta Morbius, there is now a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis seems as virginal and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8.' There's a good story here, buried somewhere under the mischievous comments of teammates about Alta and yet another juvenile subplot about the cook on Earl Holliman's cookie ship. (Holliman also makes a horrendous performance.) I believe all these actors went straight from this film to acting school.) Based on Shakespeare's The Tempest, the story of a dead race, the Krell and the fantastic world of machines. they have left behind what most people often remember about "Forbidden Planet" and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the film and be dazzled by the Disney artists' conception of the Krell underground complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You will have to decide this yourself. Oh, and of course there's Robby the Robot, every decade of the 1950's the idea of ​​ten years of how a robot should look and talk. He's funny. In places. So 'Forbidden Planet' for me is a very, very mixed bag. He deserves credit for being the inspiration for a whole wave of science fiction films and TV shows that followed, no less than 'Star Trek'. But I suggest anyone who thinks it's more than a comic book sci-fi, come back and watch it again.
