Like others in this forum, when the "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I rushed to see it. This story is an interesting phenomenon, I suggest because young, old, men, women, sci-fi experts and people who think such an "all" exit can follow and appreciate very well the story and the plot of this film. This is the first film set on a planet other than Earth in the 20th century, in addition to series like "Flash Gordon." Leslie Nielsen was vocally a bit weak for her role at the time but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens all performed very well. There are so many visual splendors in this, it's hard to choose one The Altair-4 approach, the spacecraft itself, the landing on the alien surface of the planet, the descent through extending stairs, the first sight of the landscape, the approach of the rocket sled, the house of Dr Morbius viewed from the outside and from within, the underground complex and its wonders, the assembly of the armament, the battle with the monster, the final approa Of the invisible destroyer, the escape of the doomed planet - all these scenes are etched in the mind of the beholder because we discovered them together with the participants. The literary script of veteran Cyril Hume was cleverly filmed by longtime director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. It is a shock to realize that there is no music at all; the film is carried by the words, the actors and the mystery revelation plot. It can be seen over and over again with pleasure - I have been doing it for almost fifty years. Until this famous and well-loved film was created, no movie had ever attempted to imagine a world beyond Earth; and for decades afterwards, ships continued to collide with the planet - as if the writers' imagination was failing and causing collisions. Still the best, many say. That says something negative about the so-called imagination of the nation's intellectual leaders - and something very positive, in fact, I suggest about those who have done that precious thing.
