When you think of science fiction movies of the 1950s, you think of the kind of black and white B movies that parody on the old television show Mystery Science Theater 3000. However, while there were a lot more movies like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster than good movies, the 1950s had some good, if not great, science fiction films like The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Man Who Shrank, The Robberies Invasion of the Worlds, The War of the Worlds and the Thing from another world. However, the best of the group, due to its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly MGM's first major investigative effort at level A fictional science, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film directed by Fred M. Wilcox. It featured next-generation special effects and was endowed with a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume of a screen treatment called Fatal Planet by Irving Block and Allen Adler, which adapted aspects of William Shakespeare's The Tempest. <br /> <br /> The film attracted praise when it was released for its Oscar-nominated special effects, its electronic music, by Louis and Bebe Barron (though credited as Electronic Tonalities, to avoid song association fees), paintings living matte-inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster of the Idon (MOTI), which was animated by an entertainer, Joshua Meador, loaned by the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot in his first role in film or television. He later appeared in The Invisible Boy - included on this DVD as a bonus as well as several appearances on 1960s science fiction programs, The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - with which he is often confused, and an appearance in the 1984 film Gremlins. <br /> <br /> The tale is simple but elegantly constructed, and filled with humorous asides that have taken the forced aspect of 'love story' in the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer, led by Commander JJ Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he was once a kind of leading man before his days as a police squad), is on his way to the planet Altair IV, to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew, sent to the planet twenty years earlier. After a year of traveling, they meet the lonely survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), philosopher Prospero, his beautiful blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the character Miranda in a miniskirt of the 1960s and Robby, the Robot, the domestic servant who is the Calibanian counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed Bellerophon's party in his first year, but he was immune to it. Overall, it's a technically good film - especially with a few back projections and matte paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to the exploits of Timmy and Robby borders a surreal absurdity of Dalian. However, it is evident that the filmmakers had no notion of the sublime absurdity that the film evokes as it is played direct, making it even more funny. The main appeal? Forbidden Planet deserves all its praise. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, and a lot better than Star Wars, which, though made twenty years later, looks much more outdated and youthful. Only movies like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens, and the first two Terminator movies, really equaled or surpassed this classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing that despite the Forbidden "happy end" of the planet, there is a possibility that the MOTI is still dormant within the High. After all, she is the daughter of her father and had an even more vivid nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship for the second time. In addition, the film wisely only "shows" the MOTI once, and never shows the Krel, because the imagination can always evoke bigger fright than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the tale, something that more realistic art films often fail to do. The Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define and transcend its era - unlike other science fiction films that were pretty obvious claims of the Cold War. Watch, and you'll agree as well as sleep a little less easy. But even if you do not, there's still the Anne Francis skinnydipping scene. That alone is timeless.
