The Forbidden Planet ranks as a milestone in science fiction, carefully sticking to "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, nerds will love it) while still playing with images and ideas of the contemporary values ​​of the 1950s. Morbius is a modern design model with open spaces that open to carved gardens, a swimming pool and the best appliance: Robby the Robot. "The dream of a housewife!" exclaims the captain after lunch and a demonstration of the robot's abilities to synthesize food and crumble the garbage. Also revealing the 1950s: Fruedian psychology stands out in the Id explanation, although Morbius rejects it as an outdated one. concept. There is a touch of the Pacific war drama in the battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the disc. Perhaps the most opportune is the post-atomic fear of science being the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unconsciously overturn destruction in their blind search for knowledge. <br /> <br /> However, the suburban drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems uniquely new to the genre of science fiction. They are not braggart or heroes, but ordinary sailors who cross the galaxy with the rudeness and honesty of a soldier. The good guys drive the flying saucer, and the aliens are so far away that we do not even know what they were - though their music - Bebe and Louis Barron's "atmospheric tonalities" are remarkably futuristic today. The views of Morbius house are truly strange with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The inside of the disc is just this side of Buck Rogers. There is plenty of visually to like. Although we have fantastic monsters and robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a slow-paced, sonic brain movie. He is working on many levels at once: difficult science fiction versus space adventure, philosophical versus domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all the space talk, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. Morbius' fatal discovery is a humble educational facility, a school. The most interesting character is the daughter of Morbius, Altaira. Never having seen a man, she is unashamedly on board the crew. She is a post-Madonna teenager who draws her own space age clothes and takes every opportunity to change clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a home replicator. The men who watch the movie may see her as a naive girl wearing a mini dress, but every woman knows there is no naive girl wearing a minidress. Anne Francis deserves more recognition for humiliating Leut with kisses. Unfortunately we will never know if she was "working" with him, as he suspects, as the Captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for his attention. She is the character who makes the important change in the film. Shocked that her father compares the dead Doc with the other "embeciles" in her landing party, she moves away from her father, her home, to sail with the sailors to Earth. It is this act of defiance, of maturity, that sends the creature Id of Morbius to the limit, destroying allegorically its creator, as it did thousands of centuries before for the Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell had teenage daughters too ...?
