The only thing I knew about this movie before I saw it was Robby The Robot. My prejudice was that he was another in a long line of science fiction films that the 1950s called. How wrong I was. The big studio, the big budget and the big production values ​​make him a strong contender, at least visually, for the best sci-fi movie ever coming out. I qualify with the word visually, because "War of the Worlds" is much darker and scary than "Forbidden Planet," and probably fits the mold better as an incursion into alien territory. <br /> <br /> What struck me was immediately the color reproduction of cinematography, followed by the complexity and comprehensiveness of the details involved in the house and the laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But that was just the prelude to the icing on the cake, the labyrinthine underground that served as Krell's fortress. Apparently, Krell's technology was even more advanced than that of "Star Wars." What made me think, the audience of this movie when it was released probably sat in the same kind of awe that theatergoers experienced in 1977 with the SW, or in 1986 with "Aliens." Watching it on a big screen TV in my living room offered me the same effect, and I am quite resistant to hyperbole. <br /> <br /> It's not too hard to imagine the "Forbidden Planet" as a direct movie. antecedent of the TV series 'Star Trek'; Gene Roddenberry himself said the film had a major impact on his vision for the show. Followers of this short-lived series will readily recognize the plot elements used here that appeared in 'Star Trek'. I had to take a double exam when the United Planets cruiser C57-V's men drove into a transport room while the riddle presented to Robby that created an inability to respond was an element used at least two or three times in the ST series . <br /> <br /> Where the movie definitely had a cerebral turn had to do with the idea of ​​'Id monsters'. That Morbius himself was using his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956 when all the other science fiction films of the time were dealing with Martians or other grotesque space creatures. The film worked its subtle magic in this viewer, helping me to understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explains it. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, the year 2200 is not so far away. This movie may be the one that really hits in relation to exploring and living on other planets. I think they will have to create a more elegant version of Robby.
