This is a film that has everything, the dashing hero, the beautiful maiden in danger, the noble figure with the tragic flaw and a truly wonderful robot. The Forbidden Planet has retained this special magic over the years and does not lose its flavor with repeated visualizations (although the young woman's sex appeal helps considerably at this point). <br /> <br /> Film fans will recognize the young Leslie Nielsen portraying the handsome and heroic Commander Adams, though those of us who like him in comedic roles may be surprised by his appearance in a serious role. The distinguished and noble Walter Pidgeon is also a prominent actor as the scientist with a secret (Id). Another supporting cast deserves a nod, especially Warren Stevens as the clever and resourceful "Doc", and of course the charms of Miss Francis as noted above. <br /> <br /> This film was one of the first pioneers in the use of electronic music in the 1950s, no less. Credits call them "shades," but those of us who have tried to fix the first versions of the "Theremin" device will recognize the sinister and scary screams and screams sometimes used on the soundtrack. Still, it lends itself to the image of the exotic and alien landscape of Krell's mysterious and prohibitive world. <br /> <br /> Special effects are also quite impressive. I remember my fear as a young man, waiting for the next manifestation of the invisible "Id" monster, and when it is finally visualized on the scene of a battle, it literally rocked me to the toes in wonder and admiration. The magic of matte art is fully explored in the dizzying scenes of Krell's scientific complex as the characters traverse the various labyrinths and passages, guided by the enigmatic Dr. Morbius. <br /> <br /> I remember feeling some measure of envy that Dr. Morbius would have such a cool toy in the form of Robby the Robot. Robby's personality is quite charming and, to some extent, he seems more human than some of the other characters. Viewers of shows like Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize Robby's recycled material in some of these episodes, though I remember he never had the original "personality" of Robby. I admit I do not fully understand the intricacies of the plot until I am old enough to understand the various references to Freudian psychology and the danger of unleashing the hidden and usually contained fears and anger that we carry but that we train , through will power, to submerge and control through adherence to social codes. Although the key to the story seems obvious once revealed, it remains unknown (or perhaps deliberately neglected) by Dr. Morbius even pointed by the clear Commander Adams, who forces Dr. Morbius to confront evil within himself. It still gives me shivers as Commander Adams pushes Dr. Morbius down in front of Krell's machine that gave him superior intellect, which opened the gates of his subconscious to the power of Krell's machine: "Here.This is where your mind was Consciously, he still did not have the power to operate the Great Machine, but his subconscious was strengthened enough. "Zowee! The Forbidden Planet remains probably my all-time favorite science fiction film, and remains timeless and classic for its carefully crafted history and marvelous on-screen viewing and accomplishment.
