I'm always so frustrated that most science fiction films are actually intergalactic westerns or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its central images, a "futuristic gang that could not shoot straight". Imagine their arrival at about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them having an open shot, and they miss. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of science fiction and I wish there were more movies for the person who thinks. The Forbidden Planet, one of the first of its kind, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization, the Krell, which created machines that could boost the intelligence of any being by quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what I did not expect, is that the brain is a center for other thoughts than intellectuals. The primitive aspect of the brain, the Id, as Freud calls it, is left uncontrolled. He is released into sleep, a bad dream comes into bodily existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who raised his brain to this level, and with it built machines and defenses that keep him just one step ahead of the horrors of the recesses of his own mind. His thoughts are creating horrors that he will soon be unable to defend. Krell, a far superior species, could not stop him; it destroyed them. The landing party was never of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is pretty and naïve, and certainly would have produced quite a reaction in the teenage man of the fifties. His father's anger is exacerbated by his innocence and by the astronauts of the fifties (because they are more construction workers than real astronauts). They are always trying to find out "ladies". The cook is a great character with his obsession with alcohol. Robbie the Robot has a lot more personality than most of the crew, and someone wonders if Mr. Spock might not be a twin soul of the literal thinking of this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius can not go back and so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction movies that are worth seeing more than once; this is one that can enter directly into the 21st century.
