I think "Anyway ..." is an incredible movie. Same. Tom Barman has spent years doing this, and it shows: every scene is polished, has a meaning, ... I think most agree with that. One thing that many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of the story. I'm afraid that's an effect of being overwhelmed with "traditional" stories all the time. I mean: what you can get with a book, you can not get with a movie, what you can get with a movie, you can not reach it just by telling a friend. The problem is we're so used to movies, series, ... to be just a filmed version of a story; a visual recording of events - like when you watch the news - that we expect each film to have these epic features: a strong plot with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people watch on TV in the news, in movies, series, ... very unusual things, unique situations in life. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not of the same type "hollywood big explosion": face is fired, couple back, car is stolen ... and of course, very usual things. And this is strong: just to appreciate all this, this universe, this is art. And I agree that especially what can only be achieved in the films, that the atmosphere created by the score and photography is central. But not like traditional visuals (visual blockbusters like the Matrix); serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in each scene you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and urban lifestyle. And he has no sense with this movie, I would like to "learn" something for us; and he does not have a great story to tell from incredible twists. He only shows ordinary people with everyday life, he shows a city, all with their good and bad sides and says: this is us, this is our city, it's life, let's enjoy it. So basically, "Anyway ..." is not only super groovy movie, it also has a much stronger "message" (not explicit, maybe even unintentional) than most of the movies like really intends to get a message across. One disadvantage: now, we'll have to wait five years to see the next picture of the Barman, and everyone will expect a lot from that ...
