WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is like all Sirk's mid-50s films - pure melodrama. However, it is an engaging and richly developed melodrama, and Sirk's famous expressionism of colors, throbbing, barely repressed emotions, symbolism and juxtaposition of the lessons make it a film to be desired. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly with the film. four central characters and the plot being introduced as the credits are still rolling. Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to take us into his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent as the two "children" Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with the men. Both are worth millions thanks to the Hadley oil business. Hunky, but poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's longtime friend and mistress of Marylee's dreams. Enter in this sordid mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim and attractive young woman who falls in love with Kyle after he picks up a phone and crosses the field one night. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins. They quickly get married and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be written in the wind, and it does not take long for a conniving Marylee (who will get "Mitch", marriage or no marriage), a secretly in love Mitch, the confused Lucy and the sad drunken Kyle come to a coup. Malone is simply as wonderful as Marylee Hadley, completely deserving of her Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. She steals every scene she's in. The pile is almost as good, increasing the melodrama, while maintaining a subtle and silent despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more restrained than these two, but it agrees with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So, what is this melodrama really about this? Well, a lot of things. Stack's powerful portrait of male inadequacy and fear, on the one hand. Sirk involves Stack with phallic symbols throughout the film - notice his tiny weapon, the oil squeals, and the final phallic symbol, Kyle's inability to conceive children. Stack appears to be suffering from a massive male superiority complex, aggravated by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's desire for Hudson, and his suspicion that his wife is following with Hudson. With all that wealth, Kyle Hadley still ends up on the wrong side of town, buying cheap corn liqueur as a "bum." <br /> <br /> These are impossible dreams, and having to let go. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch used to play when they were kids is constantly mentioned throughout the film, symbolizing Kyle and (especially) Marylee's desire for the innocence and simplicity of youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene, perfectly performed by Malone, Marylee is by the river and imagines herself again as a child, with the voice of Mitch telling Marylee that she will always be his girlfriend. This is where Sirk plays a huge emotional chord with the viewer. Who has never dreamed of going back to that special place in childhood? Who, at some point, did not live in a precious memory? Who did not want something they could not have? And the last line of the Hudson movie (yes, it does not get dialogue in the last 10 minutes or so, just close-ups) recalls how far we've come from the river, Marylee. Amazing.
