"Written on the Wind" was an extremely successful image of Universal. This could only be done by Douglas Sirk, a man who saw the possibilities in the material he was given. Based on a popular novel by Robert Wilder and an adaptation of George Zuckerman, he had all the elements that make an excellent melodrama: nymphomania, a great fortune of oil, alcoholism, incest and a slight touch of homosexuality. Mr. Sirk paved the way for what came next in the genre of novels, especially "Dallas" and "Dynasty," just to mention two. <br /> <br /> The fact is that this movie was filmed entirely from the inside. A studio. Most of the decor is fake. Like many of the 1950s photos, "Written on the Wind" was filmed entirely in a studio. Just look at the scenes that should happen in Manhattan, or Miami, or even on the lake, one can see how the scenery is a painted scene. Sirk did not care for realism, as long as he could tell the story in his own way. <br /> <br /> Recently, we watched an exhibition, part of a revival of Mr. Sirk's work, in which people were laughing. in some of the most dramatic moments, especially during the scenes in which Rock Hudson, who plays the good Mitch Wayne, appears. There is also something glaring in the way Robert Keith, who plays the patriarch Jasper Hadley, and later his own daughter, the evil Marylee, caress the oil tower that adorns the table of the older man, a sort of phallic object of art. Douglas Sirk probably wanted his cast to yield the best performances, which makes sense in the way Dorothy Malone plays the nymphoomaniac Marylee and to some extent Robert Stack, who appears as Kyle, the tormented heir of the story. This would probably be the easy explanation of what appears on the screen. The only one that seems normal is Lauren Bacall, who was not invited to make her character Lucy Moore appear to be anything but a rooted person being caught hanging out with the wrong class. Together with his other Hollywood films, "Written on the Wind" shows the genius of a talented director who gave the audience exactly what they wanted to see: bigger stories than life that could only be seen in the big screen
