Director Douglas Sirk once said: "There is a very short distance between art and garbage, and the garbage that contains madness is by that same quality closer to art." This statement perfectly defines his cinema, a very original body of work that includes classic stage adaptations, adventure and war films, westerns and, of course, his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were, as the word itself means dramas with music. The music sets the tone for his masterful style, and each stroke (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful image on the screen that turned screen. But this is not life, but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation made better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (most notably Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real. Let's remember that their golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood movies turned their attention to the social drama (Blackboard jungle). Sirk had always known that movies were to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another of Sirk's statements sums it up: 'You can not reach or touch the real. You just see reflections. If you try to grasp happiness, your fingers will only meet with the glass. Challenge anyone who has seen Written in the wind counting the amount of mirrors and reflected images that appear on the screen. One ends up giving up. <br /> <br /> So we are in a room full of mirrors where there is no difference between the real and its false copy. No one can say that the Hadley are real people. This city is not real either, with those terrible oil bombs scattered all over the place. Then, in this realm the acting is affected, the decore is false, the trick is visible. Everything gets a bit off the mark (Dorothy Malone's sexual connotations with the oil tower, for example). Sirk was criticizing and theorizing at the same time. <br /> <br /> `The angles are the director's thoughts; enlightenment is his philosophy '. In Windwriting, we follow the fall of a traditional way of life, both geometrically and in terms of light and shadows. The Hadleys house, with its different levels connected by the spiral staircase, operates in a strictly metaphorical way. A house that resembles a mausoleum, which no feast can cheer up. As the tragedy progresses from bright light to dark night, Sirk's photograph becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, as well as the colors of the clothes they wear. Drama is so incorporated to all elements in the service of the director's craft. Sirk considered himself a "plot of the story," because he folded the standard material to which he was assigned for his style and purpose. Written in the wind is a good example. It would not work in other hands. The other director who was using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was for the 1950s comedy the same as Sirk was for the melodrama. His movies are full of American advertising machinery, televisions, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to describe his emptiness and decay. I am inclined to think that his films were considered differently by their contemporary audiences. The game was played by both sides, so it was the camp. We now consider them "cults" or "bizarre" because we are no longer those spectators. That is why Todd Haynes's "Far from Heaven" homage turns into a pastiche, because today it reproduces Sirk's work as if nothing had happened in the middle. So Sirk becomes exactly that painting hung in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the above-mentioned film. Sirk understood perfectly the elements of the melodrama. There have always been immobile characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against whom he could mount a series of splits. His balance through the antithesis is remarkable and it is not surprising that we twist for the divided characters because these are the ones the Sirk is interested in as well. When Robert Stack pilots the plane and "tries" Lauren Bacall with all sorts of worldly comforts beneath them (obvious Faust echoes), we are strangely fascinated with him as we are when the devilish nymphomaniac little sister evokes painfully his past with Mitch alone in the river . <br /> <br /> In Sirk's universe, the studio often imposed "happy ends" has no negative impact. In fact, they worked very well. Sirk liked Greek tragedy and considered happy endings the Deux ex machinea of ​​his day. So the final scene of the court fits well and we also need to remember that the whole movie is counted in flashback, so we know from the beginning that the tragedy will fall, however, on the Hadley dispute. <br /> <br /> The many similarities between Written in the Wind with the Godfather saga. I absolutely agree and I'm sure the parallel is not incidental. Both share the theme of the old and powerful head of the father trying to maintain his empire while protecting his family. The temperamental son played by Robert Stack has an incredible physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The action of fighting your sister's masculine friend is symmetrical. The nonsense where the old man placed his trust is also common in both films, such as the fact that both families carry the names of their city. Even details like the gate that gives access to the property and the surroundings of the house covered by leaves suggest that Coppola had written The Wind on the Wind while defining his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the theme of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and legacy (even the sterility of Kyle Hadley, the event that accelerates turbulence, is a matter easily attached to the central theme of Power, in this case a weakness in sexual power). The other great film that deals with power and uses American life as its representation is Citizen Kane. One could not think of similarities between the films of Welles and Sirk, but there are many, starting with the gasoline business as the origin of family fortune and ending in the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) as Charles Foster Kane. , was adopted by a tutor, having his own father alive. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) plays Wayne and Kane's parents. This detail can not be a coincidence. Written by the Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this wonderful director. Some say this is your best movie. In my opinion, "magnificent obsession," "all that heaven permits," "there is always tomorrow," and "imitation of life" are equally good. And for those who put Sirk on the level of Dallas or Dinasty, I do not wish them a happy ending.
