I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To capture the observations of the previous critic, the claustrophobic feel and color of the film makes me feel quite intentional and conveys the sense of limited space, monotonous architecture, general monotony that makes up the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. A somewhat worn housing design style is as I would describe it, and this is how many people live in the outskirts of big cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest in Romania, where the action unfolded, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my entire group had to drag their seven-story luggage up the ladder of a student dorm building, just as the heroine does when moving with a woman. because the elevators were not working. But I agree with the reviewer, that the claustrophobia and the soft colors are exaggerated, for there are certainly beautiful historical buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest could not filming in this movie. For me, watching this movie conveys well the claustrophobia I would feel during my half-year stay there, feeling stuck and limited. (This makes you see why someone would want to immigrate and find a better life, just as people are expected to escape an urban ghetto from the United States.) In addition, given the climate of homophobia, in the United States, in the 1980s, the two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love a very particular subject; therefore, focus on their interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> It is remarkable and commendable, in my opinion, that this homosexual thematic film was made in Romania, and I find the previous critic's complaint about the poor film. very uninformed and paternalistic quality. It is unlikely that the director and the producer have gotten much government support and funding for the film, and they have done their best with their likely limited resources. The actors were reasonably good and believable; the dialogue was well done in general, and I was able to identify with these women. The film offers a twist to the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic and entertaining free spirit with an obscure and disturbing secret (her admiration and love for an abusive and incestuous brother, Sandu). falls in love with Alexandra, an intelligent, studious and idealistic young man who moves to Bucharest to begin his university studies. Opposites attract, and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is some tension between the ambitious, scholarly and intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seems to be attending college to please her parents. Keeping their love hidden from their parents seems manageable, though we have no sense of the tension it requires, nor will we ever see or find any other student - hard to believe - and the tension that holds their secret love would have involved. The main threat to his love is Kiki's brother and his difficulty in severely trying his relationship with him. But does Kiki's love for Alexandra seem to give her the strength she needs to finally end this bond, or does it? That's what the suspense of the film focuses on as the narrative unfolds, and I'm not going to tell you how that concludes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love, "sickness," is not love for another woman, but its illicit. Incestuous love for her brother. Thus, loving a woman offers the potential cure for the disease of loving a brother. <br /> <br /> Although this feeling of this film is stifling and claustrophobic, overly confined to interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still engaging and moving to watch, so I'm going to give a 7.
