At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her torrid and exaggerated portrayal of a spoiled heiress from a Texas oil tycoon at WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The 1956 potboiler, adapted from Robert Wilder's novel, was a true circus of three rings featuring alcoholism, greed, impotence, and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a lonely and wealthy girl who seeks men to ease the pain of rejecting an old childhood love, was representative of the film as a whole. Hypnotizing to watch, even if he resorts to the "least common denominator" melodrama, WRITTEN IN THE WIND is ultimately the work of one man, the incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, a pre-WWII Germany emigre who left his Theatrical Heritage European behind a career in Hollywood. An extremely learned man, Sirk gained fame in the 1950s as trusted director of soap operas at Universal Studios, most notably with Ross Hunter's productions. MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION, ALL SKY ALLOWS AND IMITATION OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work outside the limiting constraints of Universal's hidden entertainment and to create a more "sensational" product for adults, hence the wind and its accompanying, 1957 AFFILIATED ANGELS, both released under the banner of Universal International. . No one imagines why Sirk did not follow higher themes, but apparently directing these exaggerated dramas appealed more to his artistic sensibilities. WRITTEN IN THE WIND could be considered the epic novel of Sirk; in fact, it is so fraught with vulnerability and human neurosis as described among the very rich that it is as attractive to observe as any domestic real-life quarrel between the rich and famous, perhaps even more so. Robert Stack (not an actor typically known for over-commitment) almost combines Malone in intensity with his offer of the faintly decided brother Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he discovers he is unable to impregnate his new bride (a beautifully leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes to the bottom, escalating an already serious drinking problem with a "secret" weapon fetish that threatens to make him a human bomb . Both brother and sister, no matter how venal and despicable, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous (and far more interesting than the "good" side of the family, especially Bacall and the incredibly handsome Rock Hudson, the young childhood friend and business partner of the young Hadley, a substitute for Malone's old object and unattainable object of desire.) Despite all the domestic co-dependence on display, it is not so much the story that is with a real claw for composition and editing of images, director Sirk draws his audience to this photo with the most sophisticated Technicolor cinematography imaginable: each scene in the film is a screen full of saturated colors. , from the sight of a pink cadillac looking like a tank stopping at the huge doors of a mansion to the gaudy decor of a Miami luxury hotel, a spectrum of hues that almost blind in its diversity. and dramatic scenes feature Sirk's use of angled camera angles, dim lighting and cross-cut editing, shown for the biggest effect on the scene in which Malone, rebellious and drunk, uninhibited dancing in his upstairs room to the loud sound of a record player dad precariously climbed the huge staircase; the scene is so fascinating that you swear you are experiencing a great Oedipus drama. What you're really watching is rubbish of an extremely fun type, mixed with Technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
