"Ruby in Paradise" is a beautiful and mature story about a young woman, Ruby Lee Gissing, escaping from her sweltering roots to become herself. Although the title character is played artistically by the beautiful Ashley Judd - probably in her first film role, although she is very proud - the emphasis is not on becoming "someone", the next Madonna (whether the mother of Jesus or the singer gloomy and hungry for attention. Instead, it emphasizes the following instincts and is a bit introspective about them, to become an ideal and adult self.NOTE: This is not an action movie! !! He uses an occasional voice narration (by Mrs. Judd) as he writes in his diary - and oh, I see I just lost the male half of the readers out there.But be patient with this beautiful movie, where we learn that happiness of someone can be discovered - oh, I do not know, carrying water and chopping wood. <br /> <br /> Actor / director / screenwriter Todd Field, who played Nick Nightingale in "Eyes Wide Shut," co- noble love interest of Ruby Lee, who helps her heal her relationship idea from the youth. <br /> <br /> But not even his character is the answer to Ruby Lee.: There is no external hero imposed on her. The final message is that we are responsible for ourselves. Writer / director Victor Nunez, who also wrote / directed "Ulee's Gold," did an incredible job of showing a young woman growing up in herself - confronting old challenges of good and evil along the way. The support cast is also stellar, and the music used, particularly the cuts from singer Sam Phillips (which I hear is T. Bone Burnett's wife), is right - especially "Trying to Hold Earth". "Now when I hear the first chords of that song, tears spring from my eyes, pavlovian and spontaneous - I'm not sure if it's the song, or the indelible connection with the quiet and charming message of empowering the film. This movie is highly recommended for any young person who tries to find their way.For any woman of any age, it is necessary to see! The disadvantage: It is NOT on DVD, except in Spanish (We have learned, however, that it is legal. make a copy of a VHS version, which can be easily found online.My beloved husband found someone with a copy on VHS and made a copy on DVD for me.) Although this treasure film occasionally appears on the air? on a channel indie, usually? you can not count on it when you need more as a tonic to relieve the pressures of the world.Then buy a copy for yourself. This movie should have a major relaunch, and it would be , if I were Rai of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> - Figgy Jones
