I watched this movie for the first time at its launch in 1987 and was greatly affected emotionally through a combination of guilt over what my white colleagues could do with innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to actually investigate these atrocities against man. Particularly moving was the Funeral of Steve Biko, made even more vivid and blunt by the South African Anthem at the time. I have long believed that this film has achieved what no one else has been able to do - open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in South Africa. I consider myself a normal and right person, and I can attest how this movie changed my way of thinking only in South Africa, but in how we white people perceive black people. I've never seen any difference between people of any color or creed, but after watching this movie I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people to rise above their current standard of living and achieve what they would not have thought possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say I received - be able to say that, in my own way, I contributed and slightly corrected the balance. But if more people thought like me and actually did something to help blacks without reward, then the whole black population on this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I defy anyone who thinks correctly to watch Cry Freedom from beginning to end and not feel that thrill pulling their heart chords as they witness the 700 school-age children brutally killed in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaner, the meaningless murder of Steve Biko, a defender of the rights of his own people, and then ultimately to understand that all this is not just a movie, though magnificent, but that everything really happened and less than 30 years behind. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can come out later and party. I could not. I was too upset to know the truth. This is the hallmark of a great movie. Obviously, Sir Richard Attenborough's intention was to convey this message about South Africa. Of course he did. Unless you support apartheid. God help you.
