What a brilliant movie. I'll admit you're very ambitious with the subject. In just over two and a half hours, it's a very long film as well. But none of these pointers are flawed anyway. Cry Freedom, despite the minor flaws it may have, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about the history of black activist Steve Biko in his struggles to awaken South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second half in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the movie suffers too much Woods not enough Biko. I may be wrong, but although it's the story of Biko, it's told from Woods's perspective, so Woods is an important character in the transmission of Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom looks visually amazing. With spectacular cinematography and the stunning South African scenery, it was a visual feast. The opening scenes, especially, were brilliantly filmed. George Fenton's music brought a real dramatic weight to most scenes. It was subtle in the scenes of the second half, but restless and dramatic in the scenes of the crowd. The script was of exceptional quality, the court scenes with Biko were enough to really make you think this is a real quality thing. The first half with Biko as the main focus constantly had something to feel emotional about, whether it was the South African citizens' police attack or the death of Biko. The second half entirely about Donald Woods has less emotional impact, but is offset by the way it is filmed, performed and written. And there are genuinely suspenseful parts as well. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional from the whole cast, from the minor character to the two protagonists, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accent it is, but it's forgiven so easily by how much the performances appeal to you. Denzel Washington in one of his most unobtrusive performances, gives a truly compelling performance as Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be as good at drama as he is at comedy, as he has given a suitably subtle performance to match Washington's. And the chemistry of the two men is believable and never reaches a false note. Penelope Wilton is adorable as Donald's wife, Wendy, and she is a great actress. Outside the supporting performances, and there may be some prejudice, two stood out for me. One of them was Timothy West, who appreciates his role as captain DeWet. The other was the ever exceptional John Thaw in a brilliant role as Kruger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, a truly wonderful movie. Ambitious and long is, but never fails to be convincing, powerful and painfully moving. A definitive winner of Lord Richard Attenborough and worthy of much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
