What movie! I never imagined that Richard Attenborough could have such a film in him. Gandhi has always left me indifferent, beyond the performance of Ben Kingsley, and I never considered Attenborough a particularly good filmmaker. But Cry Freedom has kept my interest as few movies in recent times. It is an exciting and mesmerizing political film with great performances by Kevin Kline and a young Denzel Washington. Kline plays Donald Woods, editor of a South African newspaper that befriends civil rights activist Steve Biko. It begins as a difficult friendship, for Woods sees Biko as a black supremacy preaching hatred against whites. But Biko, with his kind words, optimistic attitude and total transparency, conquers Woods and introduces him to a reality about apartheid about which Woods knew nothing. <br /> Biko is a decent law-abiding citizen who altruistically stands up against all prejudice and the system that afflicts his people. One night, coming from an illegal meeting, he is arrested and beaten to death. Authorities try to hide the subject because Biko has become a great personality in South Africa. But through Woods' efforts the truth appears. But what should be a triumph only becomes a nightmare when Woods and his family become targets of the secret police. <br /> <br /> This movie has an interesting structure. It has in fact two narratives: first tells the life and death of Biko. It is an incredible first half, completely dominated by the charisma of Washington, in what may be its greatest performance so far. <br /> <br /> The second half, no less interesting, tells of Woods' attempt to escape from South Africa to publish a book. about Biko. Woods has become an enemy of the state, a person banned, which means he can not meet people or leave his country. In addition, he is constantly being spied on by the police. Kevin Kline also gives a great performance in the second half. <br /> <br /> Although the first half is fairly straightforward, the second does interesting things with the issue, giving Biko flashbacks and events that show the repression against South African blacks. Some may argue that this is to make it more interesting, but for me the second half is as captivating as Woods and his family devise a bold plan to escape from South Africa. The last few minutes were so painful that I was in tears. The score of George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa certainly had something to do with it. Although I've never been much of a fan of Fenton (I can not stand his score on Gandhi), I think the Cry Freedom soundtrack is one of the most beautiful filmmaking ever made. The film, thanks to music married to the powerful images, sometimes reached incredible peaks of emotion. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom is definitely not a movie just to watch because of Denzel Washington. This is a movie to be enjoyed in its entirety. Acting, writing, music, editing, cinematography come together in a perfect synthesis to create an ode to the power of the human spirit. This movie deserves a place alongside movies like The Pianist, The Beautiful Life and The Redemption of Shawshank.
