"The true story of the friendship that struck South Africa and awakened the world." Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi," wanted to bring Steve Biko's story to life, and the journey and problems that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told . The films use Wood's two books for his information and base - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble." <br /> <br /> The film takes place in the late 1970s in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid, which keeps blacks apart from whites and classifies whites as the superior race. Blacks are forced to live in slums on the outskirts of towns and villages, and are constantly harassed by the police and the army. We are shown an early morning raid on a favela, as excavators and armed police force their way by hitting the countryside and killing the inhabitants themselves. Then we are introduced to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. After publishing a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods will meet with him. The two are cautious with each other at first, but soon become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from the black people's point of view to Woods. This encourages Woods to speak against what is happening around him and leaves him desperate to bring Steve Biko's story from the white man's South Africa clutches and into the world. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family are daring to flee South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a film completely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I had never heard of Steve Biko before seeing this movie, since the events of this movie were really before my time. But it is more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border with Lesotho as he tried to deceive South African officials. Woods was placed in a five-year house arrest after Steve Biko was killed. So, to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered treason in South Africa and this could have resulted in Woods finding a fate similar to that of Biko. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as advisors to this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is only in the movie for the first hour, and I was disappointed in that, as I expected to see him all the time. movie. But he was amazing like Steve Biko, and captured his personality by what I read very well and his accent seemed perfect. His performance earned him an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline presents an excellent and evocative performance as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Filming took place in Zimbabwe, as it goes without saying that the problems arose when they tried to film it. in South Africa. While in South Africa, the South African gestapo followed the film crew everywhere, so they took the bad vibes and went to neighboring Zimbabwe. Despite everything, and the fact that apartheid did not end until seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But cinemas showing the film received bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with extreme force and determination. He does not hesitate at the end of the film by showing what should be a peaceful protest of students in a favela, turns into a massacre when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all the anti-apartheid agents who died in prison and the explanations for their deaths. Many had "no explanation". Some were "Epilepsy," which is hard to believe, and many more fell from the top of the ladder or were "Suicide from Hanging." No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it's fair to say that none of these men died by their own hands, but by the hands of others; or, to be more precise, in the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must-see for its interpretation and history of Steve Biko. It is also a devastating and devastating picture of a beautiful land divided and the infernal gripes of racial segregation and violence.
