CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who want an overview of the cruelty of apartheid in just a few hours. The celebrated director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the real-life collaboration of Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the leading white characters in his book and in this film, gives CRY FREEDOM more authenticity. The video being released actually takes just over 2 and a half hours, as 23 minutes of extra footage have been inserted to make it a two-part miniseries after the film's initial release. Although the additional length serves to augment the film's forgivable failures: development of uneven character and general stereotypes in particular, another possible failure (the insistence on the fate of white characters to the detriment of Africans) can function as a force. Seeing CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film (as I think it should, for its artistic merits), the story is one that African blacks know very well, although the younger generation may now need to see it in the film for the total impact. It is the whites who have always been the target audience for the film and the book, hopefully leading them to change. Now, twelve years after the production of the film, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting film to watch. Almost ten years after the rule of the black majority was at least theoretically implemented, the 1987 ideals of CRY FREEDOM remain largely unrealized. Therefore, it remains imperative, as always, for white South Africans, particularly the younger ones who have only heard of such actions, and absorb the messages of the film. In stark contrast to American slavery and the Jewish Holocaust exposition, the struggles of South Africans were told by mere two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, GRIT THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, Count twice if you include the remake) and SARAFINA (Did I miss one?). All three dramas also awkwardly feature American and British actors in the white and black roles. Not a South African actor played an important role, white, colored, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another South African international drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biographical film was released after the rule of the black majority was instituted, MANDELA was played by an American Negro (Sidney Poitier, who also acted in the original SA, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), while the Afrikaner DeKlerk was touched by a very (very bald) British man Michael Caine, a good performance if you can dismiss that the very essence of Afrikanerdom is vehemently anti-British sentiments. Until SABC's local TV and African films begin to deal with their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is as authentic as you are. As much as whites (particularly Afrikaners) are portrayed in the film, any South African observer (not casual) so far in 1999, not to mention 1977 when CRY FREEDOM occurs, will often find the attitudes of white in relation to contained blacks . , even discreet. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in retrospect, it is surprising that reconciliation can occur, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM, at the time, does not show much has really changed in the minds of many people yet, and that the black Africans' goal of FREEDOM and reconciliation is still underway. That's why if you're a beginner to the situation, CRY FREEDOM, is your best introduction.
