In a way, The Wrath of Kriemhild overcomes Siegfried's death, but also loses some of the greatness of the film. The plot of this is more cohesive than the first, which is quite surprising. The second half of the current poem is much more sloppy and much harder to pass, until, for example, you reach the climactic battle scenes; only the Iliad are better. Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns. The poet-compiler of the Nibelungenlied did not know a Hun of his right ball, and as a result, they are, more or less, the same as the Burgundians in the custom. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main concern when Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she arrives in Hunland, the first thing she does is go to Mass. The Huns here are clearly pagan; They are almost like caveman. Their depiction is hilarious, especially Verbal, the court jester, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character was given more weight. He is much more formidable. All he does is mourn his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are masters at building suspense, especially at the banquet scene, which is interspersed with Verbal's second performance for an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the incredible technical achievements of the film are lacking in this, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence where the Etzel hall ignites with the Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to object to is the way Harbou changes the ending. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand capture Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he hid the horde. He refuses and she herself behead her brother. When Hagen still refuses, she behead him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so enraged that a woman would claim to kill a great warrior that he, in turn, beheaded, calling her "devil's wife." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something silly like, "Oh me!" I can understand why they would like to maintain a unity of time and place while Hildebrand brings them from the castle; maintaining the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic. I also understand why they did not make Hildebrand kill Kriemhild: their character is greatly reduced here; your name is mentioned only once. But having Kriemhild killing himself, taking Brynhild's death from the Icelandic sources, is only serving the public instead of challenging them. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's wrath goes far beyond what it should for the realm of pure evil. Here, we have simply died for her lost love. Not so interesting.
