An absurdly hilarious and surprisingly human tale of envy and infidelity around a beetle wedding, pioneer of Russian animation Wladyslaw Starewicz "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("Revenge of a Kinematograph") is a delights of early animation, packed with highly effective stop-motion puppets and with no shortage of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have a completely monotonous marriage, and they both crave for more excitement in their lives. Beetle's wishes can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer from the club "Gay Dragonfly", which he visits whenever he makes a "business trip" to the city. She's the only one who understands him. A fellow admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is envious that Mr. Beetle stole his lady and, as fate would have it, he is also a filmmaker. The dishonest grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his knowledge to a hotel room, where he films his exploits through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Mrs. Beetle also got a friend to add excitement to her life. . He is an artist, and he brings a painting for a present, before they both settle on the couch for some intimacy. At that moment, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and witnesses the whole show. While Mr. Beetle walks through the front door, the artist friend walks through the chimney, but he does not escape without mr. Beetle first release your anger and frustration over it. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony. in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He is generous enough to forgive her and yet he was equally unfaithful just a few minutes before. At the moment, however, we still have not forgotten the jealous cameraman who was plotting his revenge, and it is not surprising when he ends up being the projectionist of the movie that Mr. and Mrs. Beetle are participating in. Suddenly interspersed in the movie they are enjoying is the filming of Beetle's disloyalty, and the furious wife hits him on the head with an umbrella before the frightened and irritated husband walks past the movie screen in search of the locust. In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now a little more fond of each other, are serving time in prison for the fire that occurred when Mr. Beetle sought his ultimate revenge. Do we really expect "Beetle life at home to be less exciting in the future ??" This film may seem like a mere story of the comings and goings of a tiny species of insect, but Starewicz is communicating much more than that. Is not this a story about beetles? it's a story about us. And it's surprisingly accurate, is not it ?!
