For fans of animation, it's a must, but even the general public will appreciate THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, one of the first 'pixilation' examples of pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his helpers meticulously manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell the story, paving the way for artists such as Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen, and legions of modern digital effects creators. <br /> CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is only 10 minutes long, but it brings many fun details as the story follows the adventures of two beetles from your home to a nightclub, a hotel, a movie theater and, eventually , a prison cell. There are two brief numbers of dance in the nightclub (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a fight between a beetle and a grasshopper and a large-scale donnybrook in the cinema, which ends with the projector exploding in flames. Things well worked out for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay were just getting started, and Walt Disney was still at school! <br /> <br /> It is interesting to also note what impact the change the title cards of a silent movie may have on the story being told. I've seen two versions of this movie offered by two video companies, and watched them in a row, and although the content of the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of subtitles tell two very different stories. (And the plot that someone described above still tells a third story, which suggests that there is another version somewhere.) The British Film Institute's engraving, which has rhymed captions, tells the story of two beetles brothers, each one secretly married this information from one to the other in order to inherit the fortune of his late father. The other, the Russian engraving, tells a simpler story of married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the club "Gay Dragonfly", while in the English version brother Bill Beetle visits his wife in the music hall. Personally, I prefer the direct - and spicier - history of Russia; the BFI version tries to get too entangled in what should be a simple tale, and some of the rhymes are a little strange. <br /> <br /> Still, in any version, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a delightful film, and would make an ideal lead-in to that other great work of animation featuring beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
