Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite role in the movies. Well said! She played the role twice and for this version she produced herself, she not only had to buy Adolph Zukor's rights, but even give her credit on the movie's title. It goes without saying that your representation of this role here is more winning. In fact, in my opinion, the film itself ranks as one of the greatest experiences of all time silent movies. It is true that director John S. Robertson does not move his camera an inch from start to finish, but in Robertson's skilful hands that affectation not only does not matter, but is probably more effective. A top-notch creative artist, Robertson is a master of rhythm, camera angles and editing. He also attracted brilliantly natural performances from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who represents the heavy one, is so horribly repulsive that it is hard to believe that this is the same man who is kindly Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes does one of the best acting jobs of his entire career. It is true that it is probably not what Mrs. White intended, but serves the plot admirably, otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the drug spent a fortune on defense, but made no attempt to determine who actually fired the weapon who killed his future. brother in law! Needless to say, this particular quality of the sympathetic hero is underestimated by Jack Ging in the 1960 version, which also totally eliminates the author's relentless attack on presumptuous middle-class Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest here steps forward a step or two in surprise at the interruption, but then makes no attempt to help our little heroine in performing the duties he was supposed to order. This is a very touching scene, in fact, because it is presented so realistically. "Tess" also provides an insight into the work of another great actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely confined to silent movies. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life entirely to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, easily contacted in Pasadena, but I bet no one had the brain to interview her. Another missed opportunity! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson only made a medium-sized impression like Skinner. I thought he was kind of wrong and a quick look at his filmography proves this: he used to be a godfather or a judge! But David Torrence, as usual, was superb. <br /> <br /> In all, an expensive production with beautiful photographs and wonderful production values.
