If this was the original 1914 version of Tess of the Storm Country (also starring Mary Pickford), I would probably have rated it much higher, since this type of melodrama and extreme sentimentality was very typical of teenagers. However, in 1922, this movie was already beginning to show its age. And, compared to many other Pickford movies (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS is a bit short - and not every Pickford movie deserves a 10 (even if it was America's Sweetheart). Now that's not to say it's a bad movie - it certainly is not. But, I can not see how so many have given this movie to 10. The film has a very long and complicated plot - especially since most of the films of the era were shorter A rich old crank builds a mansion on a hilltop near the river.Un the bottom of the hill are some dirty invaders he hates but he can not dump.Then he tries to create a variety of ways to get them out of the The man accused of murder is the dear father of old Mary, though he is innocent.To make matters worse, the only witness of the true Murder will not talk And the dead man in Pregnant your bride! So at this point we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed and a pregnant woman afraid to tell her hypocritical father that she is "in the way of the family." There's a lot more in the movie, like the son of the crank falling in love with Mary, but you better watch the movie alone. <br /> <br /> The film stands out in some ways. The plot, although very complicated, is also quite interesting and cinematography is first rate. The final scene is also very cute. However, there is a lot of obvious sentimentality that you can practically cut with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so brave, sometimes the viewer may find everything a little difficult to take. While this worked very well in 1922 (making it the biggest star in the world), today it is very old fashioned. This is not true of all your movies, but this certainly is. <br /> <br /> By the way, the Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality, although some scenes are very degraded - something that is not very surprising considering the age of the film. In addition, the only extras included are a brief filmography.
