Uneducated and defiant, the beautiful TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY is the daughter of a fisherman crouched in the land of a rich man. Spirited and daring, she captures the heart of the millionaire's son, but violence, terror and sudden death are what will haunt her immediate future before she can claim the sweet peace of happiness. <br /> <br /> Mary Pickford is absolutely charming. in this splendid heart-cutting film. She considered Tess as her favorite role and filled it with all the brave joy and enthusiasm that made her the world's most popular movie star for years. The story has all the essentials for a modern fairy tale, with Mary the adorable and harrowing heroine surrounded by all sorts of dangerous and stressful situations. The atmospheres are first class, with the sets of outdoor fishing villages being particularly well designed. <br /> <br /> In the supporting cast, Jean Hersholt stands out as the vile villain who tries to force Pickford to marry him. Hersholt, a very gentle soul off-screen, brilliantly portrays the complete moral corruption of his character. <br /> <br /> In fact, it was the second time that Pickford filmed TESS. A 1914 version was one of her first major films, but her production values ​​were somewhat outdated by the 1920s (without close-ups, for example) and Mary, producing her own films and powerful enough in 1922 to do anything. film that she wanted, decided for the only time in her career to remake a movie. The end result certainly lived up to your expectations. Both films were very popular at the box office. A fascinating study for some future film-maker would be the influence of Christianity on Mary Pickford's life; certainly works as a golden thread through the silent films she produced. Although the romanticism inherent in the very nature of silent cinema can make these spiritual feelings seem a bit awkward today, we are compelled to accept them as sincere reflections, by their own repetition, of Mary's sincere beliefs. At TESS, a beautiful scene in particular stands out in this regard: Pickford is learning to read using a Bible. She tells Lloyd Hughes (who plays her girlfriend) a word near the back of the book she does not understand. He pampers her (the word is obviously 'crucified'), and eyes are turned to Heaven when the full meaning of Sacrifice dawned upon her, Mary's face becomes positively beatific. <br /> <br /> A splendid new orchestral score for A TESS was provided by Jeffrey Mark Silverman, which perfectly underscores the beauty and spirit of this wonderful film.
