Madhur Bhandarkar gave it all raw. But the best part is that he did not forget to give the ingredients. It has become short and clear to the viewer and it is the audience that makes the choice now. It is a revelation of the naked truth, regardless of the rawness that is attributed to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys his work. A simple and peaceful life adores her with an attentive boyfriend and a fine roommate, Pearl. She covers Nation Today, where she has a very supportive editor, Deepak Suri (Boman Irani). But life changes for her as she reaches the first obstacle and walks away from Page 3 and enters Crime. little. Omigosh! a whole new world was waiting for her there. She is shocked, excited, stunned by the revelation. His reaction resulted in job loss. In the end, she's back to Page 3. Now, when she meets any celebrity at a party, she knows the real appearance of each one, hidden under the illusory face. <br /> <br /> The movie has a message and it's gross. The audience needs to get it in their own color. The theme and script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audience. As the preliminaries club is shown before the pedophilia exposure, the short suspense before gay stocks in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the actors are really good at handing it over. Charu Mohanty's 2 words speak volumes and he is very successful in expressing those two words with such ingenuity, which leaves an impact. The selections could have been better. The songs are nowhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small paper with high impact. There were some visible flaws. Atul Kulkarni explains to Konkan Sharma that honesty must be marked with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue, for that sounds like a preach. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not require acting. This scene seems very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a must-have movie with selective choices before the pedophile incident. This can ruin your mood.
