Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film which should expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous, while also providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Celebrity celebrations endlessly, they like to be seen at these parties, and get the exposure due in the media. In fact, the film would make us believe that this exposure makes celebrities and newspapers a big part of it. IMO, there is much more synergy between celebrities and the media and it's a kind of relationship "I need you, you need me". However, the media need more celebrities and not vice versa. Anyway, in this constant party environment is launched the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma. She is shown as this celebrity maker, very popular in social gatherings. She has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and in the model of fight Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She rooms with an air hostess ?? the daring pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and a struggling actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani and a gunner reporter is represented by Atul Kulkarni. The film has almost many shifts and characters, but works on a certain level. The rich are shown to be rotten to the core for the most part, the biz movie proved to be despicable to the max with casting sofa scenarios, power exploration, media exposure hunger. In all this is steeped in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that does not seem to have much to do with story or plot, rampant drug use, pedophilia, police "find" deaths. In the light of all this, Pearl's desire to have a super-rich husband, a daughter of the socialite indulging in a sexual encounter in a car, women prostituting themselves all seems like a benign illness. <br /> <br /> The film has an absolutely excellent performance. Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role ?? Such a shame in my opinion. But the supporting cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). That's what saves the movie for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites a lot more than he can chew or process on celluloid and turns the film into a free for all bash. I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of social ills and exploited them more effectively. He censures social exploitation, but exploits all the masala ingredients necessary for a movie to be successful. We have an item number in the frame of a Bollywood themed party, drugged children dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a western beat. I hope the next Madhur Bhandarkar dares to abandon even more of the film's stereotypical ingredients in Hindi. The film is a brave (though flawed) effort, certainly worth watching.
