Page 3 is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar does to expose the filth of society. The film is compelling, but, like most Bhandarkar films, it is unilateral and overly pessimistic. This movie is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the lives of socialites, whose lifestyle is disastrously arrogant, quirky and repulsive. They have fun, they do not care about anything but fame, they plan funeral parties, they crave for more money and a higher reputation, they do anything to get exposure in the media, so that their names are printed boldly in the social newspaper. column known as "Page 3" with huge photographs that will be the center of people's discussions. They are seeking attention, lascivious and hypocritical. The film industry is shown as sloppy, with the casting sofa being a common phenomenon among filmmakers. That's where our lovely heroine is, a young social reporter from the Madhvi Sharma column. All of these Mumbai elite people depend on your articles and she is the right person to make friends at these parties if you want her to mention it in your article. Later in the film we learned that even those who are Madhvi's friends are no different from these high society people. This was a difficult sight for me, although the film is unquestionably brave and the issues with which it deals are interesting. <br /> <br /> The music in the movie is average. The only passable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by the two queen tunes Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is poor. One song that was particularly horrible is "Filmy Very Filmy". The writing of the film is very good. The second half is much better than the first, as it becomes more prosaic and exposes much more important issues, such as terrorism and child abuse. That's where the film has to be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear and the disappointment of the character Konkona Sen Sharma was very easy to relate to. She was excellent throughout the film and her acting in the later scenes was particularly impressive. The role of Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he did complete justice to him. Boman Irani is solid as editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is adorable as Madhvi's roommate, Pearl, who marries an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The ending of the film is very well done, and offers a certain sigh of relief after the unimaginable process. It's a good movie, it's interesting and sometimes moving, but the level of your interest and your overall quality are marked by your overly confused, overly confused and negative portrayal of the rich and famous.
