Now, all the kids and teens in Springwood, Ohio, are all hoping that a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) is still alive. Freddy (Robert Englund) is letting him go and the teenager does not have much memory when he is arriving in a new city. When a female psychologist (Lisa Zane) tries to break the new patient. She finds out where he is. She takes him along to Springwood to wake up some memories, but three teenagers (Lezlie Deane, Breckin Meyer and Ricky Dean Logan), who unexpectedly came for the ride. When they arrived in Springwood, the psychologist has some recollection that she lived in that city before as a child. While Freddy knows the true secret of his true identity. Directed by Rachel Talalay (Ghost in the Machine, Tank Girl) made a dark sequel but strangely different, with some visual style and funny moments to that horror. / fantasy / suspense. Yaphet Kotto (Alien) has a supporting role as a dream psychologist. This has some ingenious visual effects (not everyone will love the climax, especially in 3-D) and some good style in their narrative. This movie did some of the movie box office at the box office. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a strong anamorphic (1.85: 1) widescreen (also Pan & Scan) transfer and strong Dolby Digital 5.1 surround. Sound. The DVD has the original trailer, the opinion of Jump to a Nightmare and information about Cast & Crew. The "The Box" series "Elm Street", the eighth disc has interviews with the cast and crew of this sixth movie. The sixth movie is also in 3-D for the movie's climax, but you can watch it in 2-D too. This is the last of the "Elm Street" films until Wes Craven resurrects Freddy in a different and somber style in "New Nightmare" and in the horror film "Freddy Vs Jason." Stay tuned for Robert Shaye (co-owner and co-CEO of "New Line Cinema"), Roseanne Barr, Tom Arnold, Johnny Depp and Alice Cooper in fun participations. Written by Michael De Luca (In the mouth of the madness of John Carpenter). From a director's story. (*** ½ / *****).
