When visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented high school quarterback seen as the savior to finally lead his team to a win over rival Simpson, is said by an aspiring hand reader Romania, people are not allowed to many books, so she took the hand reading) that he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, make no compromise ... you will be busy"). Well, who would have it.tony thunk is actually bitten and your life would be changed forever. After your father unfortunately dies in an accident inside his anti-bomb shelter (!) Under strange circumstances (tossing your werewolf child inside a metal shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and jump by there as a crazed pinball), Tony travels the land through endless years until he is tired of packing, and returns decades (and many US presidents) later to lead his football team to a victory over Simpson . long ago. What was once a very white and decent secondary school became in fact a ghetto of drug use, violence, and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what the 80's Full Moon High School graduation party looks like, think about Studio 54 with teenagers. The parody of werewolf movies by Larry Cohen, among other things, is full of jokes, tributes and jokes. My favorite sequences contain one in the sex classroom where Tony reveals to his 80s class his transformation from werewolf and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars is not on screen), possibly worse psychiatrist of the Earth. His task of knocking down a frog leads to two men falling from a balcony ... the frogman and a fireman (trying, at first, to talk to him about it), both furious with Brand! Brand still tries to get Tony to sign a hunch so his body is donated to science so he can wear a fur coat for his wife! Kenneth Mars made me roll on the floor like a homosexual football coach (... and later in the 80's as the Director) who likes to pat on the backs of his players ... his scene in which Tony is unloading the truth in the Classroom sex is classic. The film is loaded with cast-inspired choices ... just full of funny characters and cast performances ... like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military buck who actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy next to his photo at the anti- bomb. always talking about commissioners), Joanne Nail with bulging eyes Ricky these days who falls in love with the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a sexually molested (... and annoying) teacher who finds an attraction by Tony, James Dixon as a deputy (his great scene makes him steal a line from his chief of police reciting it to Dr. Brand who begins to pronounce the words to himself for memorization), Roz Kelly as Jane, a devotedly devoted woman wishing Tony for just her constantly demanding that he rape her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's longtime friend and now the police chief who only got Jane after his friend left the city. I can not forget JM J Bullock as Flynn's gay son trying to fit into school hoping to find a lady with hilarious results. <br /> <br /> I like how the movie honors the werewolf genre as when it is lurking .. it is often referred to in the newspapers as Jack the Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek ... and I I'm not talking dude. He saw more as an annoyance than danger. The tributes to Carrie and Psycho are good, and the violin is also fun. Cohen throws so many zingers at the viewer, eventually he has to stay. Obviously, in a comedy like this, not all jokes reach their mark, but many do. The cast makes it worth it. The movie looks cheap on Larry Cohen's typical budget. Look at the scenes from the 1950s, where cast members, who are obvious and who would appear on the road, wear shiny wigs. I adored Adam in the lead ... he's the perfect role for the jokes that follow him and the zippers he releases from Cohen's script. The film moves quickly, rarely catching its breath. I liked this horror comedy more than it seems.
