I'm not kidding about this summary and vote! Video distributors have packaged this as just another typical 80s werewolf film, but it's actually the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, having made for the horror film what "Blazing Saddles" did to the western. I've seen many comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange, etc. (usually walking around unimpressed), and I think comedy should be the hardest genre for filmmakers and actors to work on - it takes the right kind of touch to make things successful and part of it is having good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - so many, in fact, that can easily embarrass the "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" team of Zucker / Abrams. One of the best of them is the very presence of Ed McMahon in a leading role as a crappy right-hander John Birch. The jokes, no strings, jokes and words are literally uninterrupted and everything, including the kitchen sink, was thrown. The ironic tone is very much like that of "Back to the Future." <br /> <br /> Some people (ie almost all reviewers here) must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died laughing, and this is one of those movies where you never know what kind insane situation will happen next. As the extraordinary B-movie Larry Cohen had not made a direct comedy before then, he gets the feeling that he was making up for lost time by including any joke he or his collaborators might think. If Mel Brooks had done it, critics would have labeled it a comic masterpiece, but because it was made by Cohen, it was dismissed as schlock. Critical critics have called this movie "silly." FOOL? What a comedy should be - serious?! Anyway, I laughed higher for this movie than any other I can imagine. Cohen mocks everyone - including himself, with many references to his usual brand of making low-income movies; he and the actors must have had a complete blast doing so. <br /> <br /> The mood is very Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches many B movies (especially horror) will love it. Trust me: the movie is not that hard to find, and as long as you accept what it is - a coaster of laughs with no pretense of social value - then you really will love it! A sidenote: This movie must somehow come into history as the only thing that Bob Saget has ever starred (albeit briefly) that was really funny.
