I do not know why people except a lot of indie low budget movies, but I liked this as I am an urban horror fan. There are not many urban horror movies out there, so when I saw this on the shelf, only the title alone hit my curiosity. So I decided to take a look and I was surprised ... it's not very common for you to come across a low budget indie horror movie with GREAT acting and a good story. Is it low budget? yea. Can you say that it is a low budget? Yes ... but once you get to watch the movie, you get so caught up in the story that it does not matter. I also like hip hop music and the soundtrack is cool! I do not know what's going on with all these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie ever". These idiots have seen ALL the movies out there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one as the "worst" of all time? A non-"movie" like "zombiez" video may be the worst movie I have ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie since I have not seen all the movies out there. Bottom line these people who have given this film negative reviews are probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like minority movies, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc., then WHY WATCH THESE TYPES OF MOVIES ??? !!! knowing you do not like this kind of thing? Of course, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but it's an URBAN horror movie with a multi-cultural cast. I do not like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or the O.C., they are for me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK for me. I'm a guy from New Jersey and those shows and movies are bad for me. Because? Because I can not relate to them. They do not come to my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I'll never watch GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's a sequel to torturing you again from the first sucked so bad and I HEART HUCKABORING. Now back to this movie, compared to the saint405 comment above, I do not know if this guy was smoking crack or was hit from "stupid" by the drunk dad before watching the movie, but for me, everyone did a great job . The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I am an aspiring actor taking theater classes at my school and I had to do a play where I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotional in a scene so I love actors who have to make an emotional scene and can pull that out. Anywho, I liked this movie and have never heard of these actors and directors before but you bet I'll be looking at your stuff for now and if they are reading this, BRING ON SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
