Welcome to Oakland, where the dead go out to play and even the kids in the hood can not stop them. This low-budget, direct-to-video production seems set to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest installment of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The ghetto scene and the hip-hop soundtrack can provide additional appeal to street dogs. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research facility while raising his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored with macaroni and cheese dinners at his rental home, prefers to spend his time talking to street friends Marco and Kev. Apparently, there is not much left for African Americans dropping out of high school on this side of the bay, except dealing with drugs and quarreling with families, including Latino rivals. Ricky plans to sell his late parents' home and move into the Castro Valley, a more middle-class and presumably safer environment. Unfortunately, before that happens, a shooting leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Ricky, struck by the pain, tries one last desperate maneuver. He tells Scotty, his lab assistant, to steal a portion of the experimental cell regeneration formula they tested in mice. When a double dose can not revive Jermaine, there's no other choice but to call 911. But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue. The boy is reanimated like a muttering zombie, chews the ambulance drivers and staggers into the night, bent on revenge and hunger for fresh meat. The food frenzy infects more victims, and before the night is over, the East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the blood-spattered living dead. The horror genre saw more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis and Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider the programmers of Val Lewton (Cat People, Leopard Man, Island of the Dead), Roger Corman's Poe Quickies, Romero's Undead Night, and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than several hundred million dollars in recent horrors. Cheapness has its charms. In really cheap movies, the actors use their own clothes in real scenes. Here, the houses of the region painted freshly painted walls in neutral tones, lending a sadness as oppressive as the bourgeois melodramas of Douglas Sirk of the 50's. The lines seem more improvised than scripted. "So what the hell are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for anything that seems out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls an ex-serviceman named Romero. "I have a huge bitch of a problem that we have to take care of fast." "It's not a problem," says the mercenary, closing his cell phone and picking up his weapons. Everyone has guns, and even when fighting zombies they are on their cell phones, like who is not nowadays? Information is exchanged for naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We got into it with some crazy motherfockers." "It's that zombie in the park again ..." Ricky even has to drive away his annoyed girlfriend, just saying, "She's out of control." Unlike most zombie movies, this provides a reason for chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the gangs that shot him, which in turn continue the crash. It is an urban cinema that implies its own social commentary, a quasi-guerrilla production that suggests a future of low-budget horror that reflects real life rather than supernatural cliches. The Quiroz brothers, who registered their name as if waiting for a new move, can inspire others to tell stories that emerge from personal experience rather than imitate tired Hollywood products. Considering their limited resources, José and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature about people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson does the job, Eduardo Quiroz's music is no simpler than Carpenter's Halloween themed, and the hip-hop songs of The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exactly stimulating. They are learning their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never improved, the next one may be to watch.
