There have been "race" photos almost since the beginning of the movie business. Films starring almost entirely by black cast were made by segregated Poverty Row studios (mostly Caucasians) for theatrical ghettos. With the growing urban plague during the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of blaxploitation images made for urban dwellings that covered the black actors and the funky atmosphere of the traditional films of the movie B. This tendency even spread in horror movies, with titles like Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill serving blaxploitation versions of monster patterns. And did not die with the closing of most urban theaters? slowly entered the era of the video and continues with low budget launches direct to the DVD like this. The undead hood of Ed and Jose Quiroz, adopts the recent popularity of horror movies for hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after his parents' death. After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers in a drive-by, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regeneration formula he's working on in an attempt to save the teen's life. Apparently his efforts are in vain, and Jermaine's body is withdrawn. However, the body never arrives at the morgue? Jermaine re-animates in the coroner's van as a meat-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then goes after the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. Having heard of Jermaine's friends, Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the gangster attack, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is capture Jermaine and try to cover up the subject before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) to be arrested for the chaos they caused. However, they soon discover that the contagion is spreading too quickly to control it. By keeping things simple, the Quiroz team manages to produce a small, fun feature of terror without overburdening itself to the point where things start to look sloppy. Along the way, they also add some interesting business points. When confronted for the first time with a zombie, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot his head like the movies!" ??? an effective as any way to figure out how to kill zombies. An extra twist is added when the first shot in the head does not kill the brain, increasing the discomfort of the viewer. Another plus point is that the soundtrack makes only limited use of subneminem-style rap, mimicking a "scary" song all over.
