most of the negative reviews on this site blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one or more of the following reasons: 1) it's a low budget movie with virtually no acting; 2) It was so bad it made me laugh 3) It's something I could do alone. I will not even discuss the first point because it is a very subjective question whether you like independent and low budget things or not. I must say, however, that I still can not understand people who rent a movie like "Hood of the Living Dead" and then are surprised when they realize that it is not as polished and beautiful as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. . As for the second point, I do not really see what's wrong with laughing. I personally like to laugh and love movies that make me, be they comedies or horror movies. When in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl enter a PUDDLE and the shark man went out to eat, I just laughed. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Honestly, laughing just makes me feel good, while it seems that many people who write criticism see it as a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low budget movies definitely are not for you. But please do not come and tell us you think them ridiculous. We already know that. This is most likely because we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, it is the third point that leaves you totally baffled. Just a few years ago, people were coming out of theaters to see "Blair Witch Project," which is a more rudimentary, boring, no-scene, and misinterpreted film than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and is done very seriously too ). In addition, half a million people go to YouTube every day to see the short films of "Lonelygirl15", which is certainly something that everyone with a cute girlfriend, a room and a webcam can do! Not to talk about all the even more amateur videos you can find there. Why do not people blame these clips for bad acting and non-existent plot? I think it's one of the best things of our time that everyone, with accessible technology and a lot of friends, can make their own movies and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for people who spend their weekends with their friends doing honestly bad rubbish (albeit refreshing) like that instead of shopping at the mall or playing video games alone. Put aside your prejudices and your desire to sound like a clever movie critic by attacking B movies, and you'll see that the "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as its creators! If you like refreshing and enjoyable homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Eye of the Killer", "Monster Man", "Do not Look in the Basement", " already done "," Zombies Redneck "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit. "
