Eye in the Labyrinth is not your common Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not sure if it really is a Giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little film. I hesitate to call him Giallo because the film does not feature most of the things that make these films what they are; but many genre entries break the mold, and that seems to be one of them. The film does not feature any brutal murder as many do Giallo, but this is done with a surreal atmosphere and a plot almost confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough in that it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie, his patient who for some reason sees him as her lover and father and is offended when he comes out on her. We then moved into a large house lived by a number of people, but nothing really is as it seems, as there are a number of secrets involving various events that took place before Julie's arrival ... <br /> <br /> The movie seems to be professing something about how the mind is like a maze. This never really comes out, and I preferred to just sit back and enjoy what was happening instead of worrying about what point (if any) the movie is trying to make. Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director behind the excellent Night of the Damned a few years before. It does not create the atmosphere also in this film as it did in the previous; but the surreal aspects of the story go well, and the mystery is always kept, which prevents the movie from becoming boring. The film stars Rosemary Dexter, who provides eye drops and also delivers good performance. Most of the rest of the cast is not to be mentioned, except for Adolfo Celi, who is good as the villain of the play and Alida Valli, whom cult fans will remember a number of excellent cult films. The film is explained at the end; which is fortunate, since I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who was more than a little confused by then! Overall, this may not be something classic; but it is good enough and worth seeing.
