This little film seen is a languid and relaxed giallo. It moves away from some of the clichés of the genre and takes a more flexible approach. It's about a woman looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who disappeared suddenly for no apparent reason. Her quest leads her to a village inhabited by a group of eccentric individuals. In true giallo style, murder is never far off. <br /> <br /> The cast is really very good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat of the Nine Tails) and a young Sybil Danning (queen of the 80s cries). The lead actress is Rosemary Dexter, and although I'm not familiar with her, she does a good job leading the scene. <br /> <br /> One of the defining characteristics of the Eye in the Labyrinth is its music. In an atypical way for a giallo, it presents a soundtrack of jazz-rock fusion. This score, composed by Roberto Nicolosi, is reminiscent of Miles Davis, especially his work on In a Silent Way. It's a great soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feel from most gialli. The fusion groove accentuates the languid atmosphere and complements the sun-drenched seaside setting from which the film is composed mostly. <br /> <br /> This is a giallo, so we really need to talk about the murders. Well, this movie falls a bit in this regard. Certainly not devoid of them, but they are few and far between. The opening of the dream-murder is probably the best on offer, as well as a memorable car-burning sequence. But this is not a particularly violent movie. Still, I do not think I should disappoint many experienced fans of the genre. Is the mystery very convincing and has enough eccentric characters (the idiot boy Saro and that inappropriately nasty nickname?) And bizarre moments to satisfy; while the sleaze factor is sustained with a handful of nudity throughout. Eye in the Maze plays like a giallo version of a mystery of Agatha Christie, since it presents / displays a group of unsympathetic personages in a village, all under suspicion of murder; we have the obligatory flashbacks detailing his connections with the final hours of the murder victim (highly unfriendly). Although this is not a good example of the genre, it is certainly an attractive example, since it is not borrowed too much from other films of the subgenre. For the giallo enthusiast I give a little bit and hope that one day he receives a good transfer of DVD. Certainly, it deserves the treatment.
