I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a kid so I can not really compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with friends in the field when the family's father has to take a new job in San Francisco. The pets, believing they were abandoned, escape and leave for a long journey back to the desert. <br /> <br /> This story may have been more easily filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are in fact lived. action movies made with real animals. A big difference is that in the later version the animals speak in human voices, giving each one his own distinct personality, something that was not done in the original movie. (A similar device for talking animals has been used in other recent children's films, such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have greatly enjoyed the use of this device, but my opinion is that giving animals their own personalities helps to strengthen the film rather than weaken it. The animals were dubbed by big names like Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are male, and their relationship resembles that of many humans in "friends" movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the seasoned and wise dog; Perhaps the youngest is bold, arrogant, and impulsive. To British eyes Chance looks like a boxer, but he is actually an American Bulldog, who is apparently a different breed from his British cousin. Sassy the cat is female with a rather primitive and proper personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her far superior to any simple dog. ("Cats rule, dogs drool!"). From an adult's point of view, the film has several flaws; may be sentimental, some of the incidents (such as one in which animals can catapult a mountain lion into the river) are incredible, and human characters are completely forgettable. This, however, is a movie that is aimed primarily at kids, and I suspect they will appreciate it immensely. Of course, any child animal lover will do that. (Comments by some professional critics like James Berardinelli, who complained that animal voices have diminished the "grandeur" of the film, only serve to reinforce my view that professional critics are not always the best guides to children's films. <br /> <br /> One thing that adults will appreciate is the photograph of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California. <br /> <br /> They can also enjoy the mix of humor and excitement of the movie, as runaway pets find dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert.
