This review contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have an intangible to them. This innate quality is a fusion of charisma, brio and arrogance. It is the quality that separates the good actors from the truly great. I think George Clooney has this and Jack Nicholson too. You can look at the subtle touches of Clooney in scenes like his word goodbye to Andy Garcia at Ocean's 11, when they just utter each other's name with disdain. "Terry" "Danny" You can choose any number of Jack performances that date from Five Easy Pieces in the restaurant to A Few Good Men and his court interrogation scene. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors who exude that fantastic trait in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive border diatribes at The Siege to his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in the Spike Lee movie of the same name, you can see that there is no better actor working today. I did not mention all of this to insinuate that Man On Fire is perfect just because of Denzel's work but he is definitely the cog in production. I was literally mesmerized with some of his scenes that are raw, emotional and incendiary at the same time. Washington plays Creasy a former spy or CIA agent or one of those secret government agents. He practically hit the bottom of the pit when he was disillusioned with the life he led. He killed and maybe did things that are best left unsaid and that made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend and perhaps mentor, played very privately by Christopher Walken, is living in Mexico making a very comfortable living, providing bodyguard services for the wealthy. Apparently, the kidnapping business in Mexico is so vibrant that these former payers of S.E.A.L and such can do very well while providing a necessary service. Creasey needs the job and accepts a job with a good to make the family who seems to be in some financial difficulty. Marc Anthony is good as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is temptingly sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning is unbelievably and precociously brilliant as Pita. I do not know how a child her age can have such a range to interpret the characters she does, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing less than Oscar-worthy. The whole first part of the movie depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there was a weaker actress on the role, maybe this emotional synergy would not have been so succinct. But Fanning is nothing less than remarkable on paper. <br /> <br /> It's the relationship between Pita and Creasy that takes this movie to the apex of cinema. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott drives with a frantic urgency and his look at the visual explosion has never been better. I'm interested to see how your next movie, Domino, is shown. I think Scott is one of the less-rated directors of today and with more films like this, his name will certainly be raised to icon status. <br /> <br /> The story has Creasy really leading to Pita, and vice versa. There is a definite connection between the two and perhaps this stems from the fact that although Pita loves his father, he is not much around. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy is taking Pita to her swimming competition. He's reading her bedtime stories and she's naming her teddy bear "Creasy." It is not just a friendship between them, it is more a kinship and a deep parental love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The movie changes marching when Pita is kidnapped and held as ransom and Creasy is almost fatally wounded trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick with insinuations and ripe for deception as the pieces of the plot are unraveled like an onion. And that's where Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said earlier, I have seen Denzel give some excellent performances in films like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I have never seen him like that. He is a man possessed and with the possibility of Pita being dead, he becomes a literal man on fire. He rages at him as he pursues and shows his mark of punishment. Denzel's anger and bitterness are ubiquitous and not easily overcome when he pursues every person responsible for Pita's violation. This all vigilante justice as the Mexican authorities seem to be always a step back. <br /> <br /> Moreover, what is paramount to the audacious brilliance of this film is that there are few movies that really give criminals the right consequences. I have often been frustrated in watching movies in which bandits are easily released. They inflict all sorts of torment on the entire film and then take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. The writer Brian Helgeland takes care that the retribution here is unmistakable and painful. The perpetrators here feel the wrath of Creasy and they experience the torment it triggers. There is nothing confusing about your mark of justice. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is put in places that are made for other things. There are no punches here and this is one of the real strengths of the film. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the top five films of 2004. Now that it's on DVD, my recommendation is to get SE. It is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and different comment strips. 10/10
