When I remember seeing the previews for this movie and did not think much about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview, it's impressive, and when you leave, you do not hear anything and miss it, and your memory does not completely correct the mistake of making a mistake. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was curious about one location at a time, and decided to take it home with me, my precious Blockbuster rental in my hands. I watched and watched such a beautiful movie. It's like no other ... drama and action combined to create something incredibly spectacular. Cinematography by Tony Scott is extremely well made and unique, unlike another movie. Captions can explain something without even hearing the real voices, and the music is very intriguing to the scenario. I got into that movie and ended up buying it as soon as I could run out of the house and head to Best Buy. I've watched it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does an incredible job of becoming a former Special Forces agent with no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts life back to him with his undying love for him from the start. They unite and become good friends, until she is kidnapped by notorious thugs, part of the brotherhood, The Brotherhood. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that he is going to hunt down the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's abduction and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and he begins his pursuit. My favorite line of all is in this movie, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "A man is a work of art, anything he does ... cooking, anything." The art of Creasy is death. .. he's about to paint his masterpiece. "He plays a very original roll of Creasy's old partner and friend. After finally chasing after the brother of "The Voice", leader of The Brotherhood. Creasy arranges a meeting to exchange Pita for him and the brother of The Voice. In the end, Creasy dies of being struck earlier, and his wound is infected and a massive loss of blood. It's a very sincere and sad ending, but great. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a memorable movie. The story is in depth, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing in any way or way.
