"The staples in Mexico are as common as the honeys that give me their phone numbers, so if you're rich, you'll need good bodyguards to keep you and your kids safe." A couple hires a bodyguard named Creasy to protect their adorable child Pita. At first, their relationship is a buggy, but after a while, Creasy approaches the girl and the two develop a parent / daughter relationship. One day Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is seriously injured in the process. When he wakes up, he discovers that the girl was killed due to a rescue negotiation that went wrong and this puts Creasy on a path to finding the men responsible for his death and ensuring that they are brought to their mark of justice. Keep a little Tylenol by your side while you watch this movie, because you'll need to watch it. I really love the story here of going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually just want revenge, but never go very far, since this movie shows how much a man can go to do what he feels to be right. The only problem is the annoying visual style that will make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the director of photography because I'm sure he got into this movie thinking he would shoot an action movie and probably got all excited, but instead he got stuck being the DP of a filmmaker who feels that all movie should look like it was possessed by demons. I would not mind if the visuals were restricted to some action scenes, but when it spreads throughout the movie, that's when we have some issues. The same annoying style was recently used in "Domino" and much like this movie the style did hurt this great movie. <br /> <br /> Another person who is sorry about this movie was the next to be great Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying to compose music from the jagged images. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent songs for the movie, but I'm sure if the film had been more stable, the song would have been much better. Sound is misused throughout the film and instead of improving the movie experience, it makes you feel like you're being punished. Excessive use of the subwoofer is annoying as every 5 seconds or so you may hear a low bass wicked sound coming out of it. I do not know why Scott thought the audience needed to be bombarded by the subwoofer, but that really got him out of the picture. <br /> <br /> -The acting in the film is a beast, despite the visuals. Little Fanning does another great job here and the scene at the end of the movie breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks his dominance of making no action movie with this film and fortunately for him, he can play a great character. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly due to a tragedy finds a purpose in his life is nothing new, but Washington brings a little heart and emotion to the otherwise flat character. I love how we witnessed him being a loner to really learn to have emotion and after the kidnapping become a cold instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife and she and Fanning are the two reasons why I can not hate the movie too much. The husband of J. Lo enters and leaves in the film, but it does not stand out much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have minimal roles in the film, but they make an impact. <br /> <br /> "One thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to dress up for the way they portray Mexico calling. It's a great city at the end of the movie. A little late for that, if you ask me. Let's hope that Tony Scott ends this phase of intentionally trying to ruin his career because a filmmaker as talented as he CAN and should do better than that.
