You know there's something different when a movie makes Christopher Walken play the role of a professional killer - and he's not even one of the bad guys! While this can be done with a few judicious cuts here and there, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective police drama, ranging from openly sentimental to totally brutal - and almost every shade imaginable in between. <br /> <Denzel Washington is Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently left the business and is seeking some kind of redemption for the sins he committed. So far he is looking for answers in a bottle and in the Bible and is not doing very well with it. With the opening of the film, Mexico City was devastated by a series of kidnappings directed at the powerful and wealthy, possibly perpetrated by the police force designated to keep law and order in the community. Creasy accepts the position of bodyguard of the daughter of a wealthy businessman who fears for his safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and her pupil, Pita, a sweet little girl who slowly but surely opens the way to Creasy's initially hardened heart and affections. The last two-thirds of the film turn into a melodrama of the Avenging Angel, while Creasy systematically seeks out and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurs early in the story. <br /> <br /> Based on AJ Quinnell's novel, "Man on Fire," astutely written by Brian Helgeland and directed by Tony Scott, is a coolly efficient action portrait that never escapes the brute brutality of its subject. It is risky to ask that we identify with a man who, for all intents and purposes, achieves his redemption by torturing and murdering people (admittedly of ill repute). These scenes of carnage and violence are intense and full of suspense, even if they sometimes reach the farm. Better still are the intimate and quiet moments between Creasy and Pita in the first parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural, laid-back relationship that helps pave the way for the chaos and turmoil that will ensue. <br /> <br /> Washington carries the film with its quality of Stoic justice, making us understand its character. on an emotional level, even if what he is doing escapes us intellectually. In addition to the two tracks, there are solid performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and the lovely Mrs. Fanning steals the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better with about half an hour taken, but that's still better. average crime thriller.
