Though cast among a bunch of vengeful action movies (KILL BILL VOL. 2; THE PUNISHER; HIGH WALKING), MAN ON FIRE works just as well as much thanks to the ever-present Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 novel (filmed for the first time in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington plays a former mercenary who leaned over the drink of Jack Daniels , until his former partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance for redemption. He is hired as a bodyguard for the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his United States-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work as oil and water first (not blending very well), he actually manages to bond with her, encouraging her to do better in swimming, while at the same time trying to deal with the demons of the past. . It is this bond that will force Washington to retake its old line of work when Fanning is kidnapped and detained for a $ 10 million ransom, and he almost died. With almost any other action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the subsequent bloodbath would be the same repetitive problem we've seen millions of times before. But the Washington character, though he is killing for a reason, does not particularly like to do what he does. Still, he gets help from a very intrepid Mexican journalist (Rachel Ticotin) to expose "La Hermanidad" (The Brotherhood), the kidnapping gang responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. <br /> <br /> THE MAN IN FIRE has flaws to some extent, because of hyper camera work, almost indecipherable editing editing, and various film actions that are coupled to the course of his director Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE), but which are not necessarily unique to him (Oliver witnesses the use of Stone in the JFK or Sam Peckinpah montage in his classic films of the 60s and 70s). Still, Scott has a very good performance from Washington, as does Fanning, who is much more than a typical movie kid. The Harry Gregson-Williams Spanish guitar soundtrack south of the border is enhanced by the soundtrack sounds of Chopin, Debussy and even the classic 1977 country-rock version of Linda Ronstadt's "Blue Bayou." Although the film in general is quite violent, it is not worse than most action films of the last ten years and, in general, is much better than most.
