Maslin Beach is a true nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide on the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a location. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is labeled as a romantic comedy. This could be a bit misleading, since it's not a "hilarious" movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has joyful moments. Like life itself, there are moments of sadness. It is also entirely filmed on the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity runs through the length of the film. The viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal, and focuses on the plot, not the copious amount of meat. <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car in a car by the sea. park. They take their belongings to the beach, and while they are walking, a voice of Simon talks about their confusion about what true love is. The rest of the film is an exploration of this, framed by a full day at the beach. The basic story is what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters featured in several separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they get to the beach, Simon and Marcie seem bored with each other. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple of 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simon is bored with all this. Then we are introduced to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They are walking along the beach discussing the chances of Gail finding the "perfect" man, aided by the "powers" of a necklace that brought good luck to his grandmother. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> To meet the customers of the beach, there is a flatulent, short. Ice cream vendor with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is Simon's friend, and is also his unofficial advisor. I think this character is the main comic element. It's hard to say because there's nothing about Ben that makes you laugh out loud unless you're intoxicated, macho and very young! Maslin Beach has a great redeeming feature, and that is that you do not stay long on any subject. As the acting quality is variable, the script is suspicious and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, lack of continuity is a positive benefit. In fact, there is something about this movie (not nudity) that I find appealing. It is difficult to define what it is, but it may have something to do with its frankness and the frankly 'Australian' attitude toward carnal affairs. <br /> <br /> The camera work at Maslin Beach deserves a mention. It is sometimes very good, with some impressive static shots and 'pans' from the beach, cliffs and a sunset. Because nudity is a major factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no sense of gratuity in the framing, which means that framing is done so that the camera does not focus on "private" body parts. This helps to relieve any sense of discomfort of the viewer from being within the subject's "personal space" and makes the film more tasteful. It is not an easy task given the location for filming. Maslin Beach is neither a skin film for post-pubescent, testosterone-laden men, nor a 'Mills and Boon' novel for underestimated women. . Maslin Beach does not seem to fit anywhere in the genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the Baywatch sense, and they are just "normal" people you'd see on the beach anywhere. It does not have a message to convey and it would not even be a tourist announcement, except perhaps to the Naturists. In addition to the Australian accent, filming could have been in any sunny country. What makes this film distinctly Australian is the fact that it is useless (Western cinema?), And only Australian cinema, and other medium-sized national cinemas, might consider such a reckless option. At the same time, these mid-sized movie theaters have room for experimentation in the search for identity, and a 'failure' will not do much harm to their reputation. It is always possible, given that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the film may become internationally popular, but it is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this review, I have sounded highly negative, sometimes, about Maslin Beach. This is not the real position, as I found the film very easy to watch. I liked that as a reflection of almost reality and real people (and problems). The problems faced in the film are everyday, and a little low in the show. This is not bad for me, and I would like more movies to deal with daily life like this. There is a connection here with cinemas in Europe and with French cinema in particular. They rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes, but with everyday life. Hollywood stands in direct opposition to this, and mounts the crest of the hyper-real action / drama / anguish wave. The pace is also much faster in Hollywood, but it's not reality. Maslin Beach is also not exactly "Jacques Tati", but he is on the right track, even ignoring issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, which are of such importance in today's cinema. I'm sure you'll love or hate this movie, with little room for a middle ground. <br /> <br />
