"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways to all the other Muppets made so far. On the one hand, it remains the only non-Disney Muppet movie. As of 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights of the Muppets. In addition, this movie has a story line that is very non-linear, and events that are unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course it is very difficult to overcome the original "Muppet Movie" of 1979, especially since that movie. had more memorable songs than "Manhattan" does. However, one way in which "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" is perhaps the surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first movie, all Muppets really need to go to Hollywood, get into an agent's office, and immediately get a "Rich & Famous" deal. In this movie, the Muppets learn that they really have to work for the desired success, and it's much harder to do that, especially in the entertainment business, than they initially thought. This is an important and often neglected message, provided that one is willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets, being small and made of cloth, do not necessarily have to live in a spacious place or even eat, respectively. Above all, your struggle to achieve this after graduating from college creates a very good story. Another note: The celebrity appearances in the movie were cool, and they surprisingly managed not to take the spotlight on the Muppets. This ability there is a testimony of Henson, and how attractive the characters of the Muppets were even to adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls, and this is where I'm sure people will disagree with me, it's with some of the major songs, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "It Will Make Me Happy" was very somber for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, listening to this song makes me extremely depressed, especially when the film starts with such an optimistic number as "Together Again" and ends happily for that matter. "Saying Goodbye" was also a sad number, but it fit the movie better because the Muppets were breaking up and they were not sure they would see each other again. This last song was a letdown, and perhaps even added to the misery of younger viewers to see their favorite Muppets come off the big screen. "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good movie, and one that marches to the rhythm of a drum different from the other Muppets films, including the most recent ones made after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the movie also moves in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end with a better song that was not so melancholic. In addition, Disney should have been able to get their hands on the copyrights of this film and give it an appropriate DVD release. Maybe one day. We'll see.
