This was the third film of the Muppets and the last one in which Jim Henson participated, before his premature death in 1990. The first three films starring the famous characters were all made and released in theaters before I was born. I originally saw the first and second part of the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper," in the mid-1990s as a child but did not see this third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan" until April This was shortly after I saw his two predecessors and "Muppet Treasure Island" from 1996 for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second sight almost three years later may not have impressed me so much, but if not, it certainly was not very far. </ Br /> <br /> The Muppets' stage musical, "Manhattan Melodies," is a huge success on their college campus. They're graduating from college, so they'll be gone soon, but they decide they'll all be together and go to Manhattan to try their Broadway show. Upon arrival, they begin to look for a producer, but after many rejections, they finally decide to separate and seek employment. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit stays, and is still determined to find the right producer and bring the Muppets together. He gets a job at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly becomes friends with Pete's daughter, Jenny, an aspiring stylist who currently works at her father's restaurant as a waitress. While Kermit continues his attempts to achieve stardom, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him. She begins to see Kermit and Jenny together, and to her it seems like they are getting close, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it seemed disappointing at first. It seemed a little rushed, unfocused, and perhaps even forgetful at first. There are some funny parts during this part of the movie, such as Animal chasing a woman through the audience on the college campus, but for a while, the film seemed bland to me compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, it did not take long for that to change. The movie is fun for the most part with "Saying Goodbye," the moving song the Muppets sing as they separate, and a lot happens after that. The two funniest parts MAY be Miss Piggy's tantrums after she sees Kermit and Jenny cuddling, but there were definitely many other times when I laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. The Muppets still have their comic charm and antics, which obviously also helps bring the film for the most part, as well as the plot, a simple but intriguing storyline for all ages. There are some weaker moments, like the Muppets' baby sequence, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is opaque, but none of these problems is too significant and far from enough to ruin the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say that "The Muppet Movie", the movie that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and that seems to be the most popular view. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but they are all good. Unlike "Muppets From Space," the third of the franchise films made after Henson's sad stint, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into detail about what I think of the 1999 Muppets movie, released twenty years after the first one, since I explained in my analysis why I found it so disappointing, and even if it has some appeal, I'm clearly not alone. However, every theatrical movie starring the adorable Muppets that was made during Henson's life is good entertainment for the whole family, even though the second and third installments showed a slight decline in quality after which it preceded it directly.
