This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if, before making this film, Sammo Hung had not spent some time watching films by the great French comic bookmaker Jaques Tati (for example, in particular Jour of fête), he is certainly on the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think Tati's films are hilarious; but they are not to everyone's taste. Some have told me that they hate their job. I've never figured out why, but I think it's because the character Tati usually plays is so utterly dead, so affected by the events around him (which he is often causing) that many lose the more subtle comics that happen around any form, Tati's main expression - or at least its best known - is to pick up a pretentiously correct petty bourgeoisie with the sensitivity of the nineteenth century and leave it in twentieth-century France, where it must face a society. this is largely defined by the gradual erosion of these sensitivities. He usually has serious difficulties with little things like turntables or radios. He is a danger in a car, but the world is no longer safe when he rides a bicycle. But, nevertheless, he never loses his resourcefulness, which is derived from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the 20th place. Similarly, the character Sammo Hung plays a boy from the hinterland came to the big city of Hong Kong, fully convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made kung fu movies there . This leaves him in trouble in a small ways, since he takes into account chance that would never be noticed in a small town but which are considered inappropriate in a large city - such as the moment when he appears to be urinating on the street, a police officer . She interrupts him, only to discover that Hung is just pouring water from his shirt, soaked during an accidental dive into the bay. What's interesting about this joke is why Hung does not understand what the police officer's fuss is - in an inner city, as long as no one is looking, if you have to go, you have to go. In other words, Hung is not really urinating on the street - but he certainly would - and who is the problem officer? Of course, Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee also puts him in big trouble. He beats a gang of thugs who refused to pay the restaurant owner uncle. Of course, in a Bruce Lee movie, the bad guys would be considered losers and would have learned their lesson. But in Hung Hong Kong, reality unfortunately prevails, and thugs return when they are not around, to trample their uncle. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hung finally triumphs in the end, just as Tati always did. Characters like this must always triumph (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent and as such, despite their comic errors and misunderstandings, they really represent the very best in the humans we admire and desire to be. We really do not want to be Bruce Lee (who has to experience the loss of all his friends before he has the chance to beat the villain), we in our own innocence really want a world where Lee's heroes are Unfortunately, this world only exists in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Ah, but what if ...?" - and in that question we find Sammo Hung in his best magazine.
