Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a movie. That's no problem here. The sets are cheesy, inside and out. The fog is omnipresent, sort of disguising the misalignment of production. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window simply says "Wine and Spirits". The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. Not a single picture of a city or even a fake horizon. This is the kind of Dublin that this story is about, just as the films of Jack the Ripper are about obscure, foggy and hardened Whitechapel. Who would want it any other way? How could it have been otherwise, without lucrative stars, a tiny budget and a four-week shooting schedule? The action follows the example - outrageously presumed on the part of all. Sometimes, my God, it's positively excruciating. Mrs. McPhillips moaning after Frankie is shot dead outside the house. Victor McLaglin, however, offers exactly the right kind of exaggerated performance. The wardrobe filled him with a very small jacket, so he seems to be exploding like Frankenstein's monster. Every movement of him seems to go a little further than he intended. When he hits the cap on his head, he leaps into the temple. A big baby, noisy and crying, he seems constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward money that will lead him and his pretender girl to America, not a nice guy in the ordinary sense. However, we shudder when he begins to spend 20 pounds, more and more during a wild and alcoholic night, because every expensive and grandiose gesture takes him further from his dream. I would not say, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for Max Steiner's score, wow. Each movement, already exaggerated, is not only underlined by the Mickey Mouse song, but highlighted in bright yellow. It should not have happened - heavenly choirs, charming young charms, the little boy, the gurgling melody while McLaglen drinks from the bottle. It would have been better without any punctuation. <br /> <br /> Well, how is this as a whole? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of their times. That's why I admire this. Yes, the symbolism is awkward at times. McLaglen, a real mannequin, banging his head against a hanging sign. The fog. The blind man. But what strikes me is that little of this was being tried at the time. What we find extremely arty today was in 1936 something quite different from what was seen in most programmers being founded at the time. If it is insufficient at times, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, political and moral, as well as poetically. (The legion of decency condemned him because of a scene in a brothel.) The goal of a director should exceed his reach, or what is a script for? Noting this now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only what they see as need. ("He knows too much to live in. What if he goes to the Tans?)" The Irish are sentimental and sympathetic. I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
