In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained confidence after the difficulties of the talkie transition. Although all technical sound problems were resolved very quickly, it took more time to resolve the questions of how the spoken images should look, how they should be structured and how they should be displayed. The Informant is a key image in that it shows to what extent moments without words can convey the story, affirming the images of power without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This is not to say that the Informant is truly a return to the golden days of silence. On the one hand, many silent images were not so purely visual in their narrative, and were overloaded with title cards. But what the Informant has is the self-confidence to prolong the moments between the dialogues, focus on the reactions more than in the speeches, and let the shots unfold simply through the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, for all his ability. was a filmmaker who seems to have struggled in proportion to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was silly, he just made it kind of nonsense. Fortunately, the Informer, with its community representation, honor, working-class life and, most importantly, Irish scenery, was everything Ford loved, and the result is one of his best works. In it, Ford only employs a lot of type of shot. The first is from places? the streets of Dublin shrouded in mist and darkness so that its depths can not be seen; dirty interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to press us. The second is of faces, making closes against flat bottoms, usually without dialogue, focusing on the internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> Leader Victor McLaglen fits perfectly within this character and this way of filming. he. McLaglen's performance does not look like much, being about 90% of the act of drunk. But the other 10% are exciting, as here and there your Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics call a moment of clarity. With such performances are Oscars won. McLaglen is supported by a punctual support cast, among which there are no weak links. In particular, it's good to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in comedic roles, playing dramatic parts at once (though Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and many of his manners. really). Not only do these two incredibly deep performances, his familiarity with most viewers as comedy players gives an additional note of poignancy to his role in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced the Informer, were perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks of all the major studios. Thanks to this, we are able to see a sad story with a despicable anti-hero at its center, which could easily have been a clumsy mess, rather than filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character that keeps us watching and draws us to your world.
