Like many people here, I started to find my patience being tested by this movie. In the end, I actually shed some tears. <br /> <br /> It seems to be in the nature of most old movies to crawl 7/8 in length and then catch fire at the end. Older moviegoers have learned to wait patiently for slow parts, calm knowing that the great reward is on the way. But this is not very accurate. You see, for previous audiences, what for us the "slow parts" were the main body of the story. They observed and found anecdotal and thematic interest there. The modern public, post-Spielberg, is in constant state of waiting to be hit by a small climax every two minutes when watching older films. It is the problem of the inflation of modern films. Well, that will not happen. It is not necessary to apologize for these films; it's simply that you have to adjust your expectations and your personal pace by watching them. At this point, the difference between Avatar and The Informer is like the difference between Euripides and an itinerant production of rent. Think about it for a minute or two. Do not strain the obvious, but Euripides still deserves an audience. The "exciting part" for most modern viewers begins with the IRA court scene and moves on to the last few minutes, which, if you are on board or even paying attention to that moment, it will rip your heart out. It is not a universal, high-pitched request for forgiveness; it is a request of an imbecile and those who feel sorry for the great lummox, for a little mercy. It is this personal appeal and embarrassingly naked. For, after being angry with Gypo, annoyed with him, thinking that this is the most stupid character of all time, you finally find yourself overcome by the scene of Gypo's ex-girlfriend begging the other woman to convince him to go with calm. <br /> <br /> The movie may be sentimental, but sentimentality is not cheap as some have charged here. There is a question of life and death that unfolds here and, as long as you take the proposition of a life to a client seriously, it is sentimentality extracted from the most serious things. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10. And the blame for not being 10 out of 10 is mine and somehow yours if you're reading this. We all ask for more, more and more, faster, faster and faster until we can not put ourselves in 1935 - yesterday, in fact - as easily as we should.
