Once again, morning television proves to be an invaluable resource for movies you would otherwise never have been able to track. At four o'clock in the morning, I stumbled out of bed to start recording "The Informer" (1935), my fourth film by prolific American director John Ford and an excellent film. Set during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the screenplay was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States, and is best known for his "American" paintings, both Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-meaning thug who informs an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim the £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed during his attempted arrest, the Irish Republican Army, of which both Frankie and Gypo were members, begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident, each clue bringing them ever closer to the real culprit. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued by guilt over his friend's untimely death, and descends into a drunken riot that rivals Don Birnam in 'The Lost Weekend (1945)' in his excess. While Gypo drowns his hurts in copious amounts of alcohol, trapped in a vicious circle of depression, his extravagant spending draws the attention of IRA members. For the first time in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an entertaining J.M. Kerrigan), who cheerfully applauds him on the back and calls him "Gypo King" for his physical strength. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel affection for the man and are simple, showing him the attention to exploit him for money. The additional £ 20 brought by Frankie's death could never buy Gypo an assemblage of friends ?? In fact, in a bitter tone of irony, money was only made possible by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple fellow, Gypo could not have fully considered the consequences of his actions, and is eventually offered forgiveness on account of "not knowing what he was doing," but his folly should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Criticism is occasionally directed at the Ford movie for its allegedly propagandistic support of a "terrorist" organization. While this stance obviously depends on one's personal opinions (I certainly do not know Irish history enough to judge), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as selfless, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I ever I saw it. However, the main theme of the story is that of treason; Driven by intense poverty, an ordinary man betrays the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. The tormented Gypo is played mainly out of pity, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a life of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a terrible decision that condemns him to a restless death. "The Informer" was John Ford's first major Oscar success, winning a total of four awards (six nominations), including Best Actor for McLaglen (who snatched the statue of three favorites from "Mutiny on the Bounty" ) ". }, Best Director and Best Screenplay by Dudley Nichols {who declined the award due to Union disagreements}.
