John Ford is one of the most influential and best-remembered American filmmakers in film history, his name usually associated with the western film genre. However, John Ford's best film is not a Western, but a decadent drama in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informant, 1935. Times are tough in many countries of Ireland. burned out Gypo Nolan is caught in a web of poverty and despair - and the walls are approaching. Gypo is great but he is not the tree's brightest lamp, has a warm heart but a short fuse, and never seems to really think things all the way, but he is not a criminal or selfish pig. Walking through the streets hungry, with no place to live, the imposing Gypo Nolan meets the first lady in his life, Katie Madden, in the streets, asking for his own desperate situation and begins to dream of taking her to the United States, if he had 20 pounds to pay for it. Luckily, his friend Frankie is back in town with a price tag of 20 pounds over his head and Gypo is desperate enough to tell the police about Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with the new 20 pounds of blood-earned money, finds this foggy night particularly foggy when guilt swells over him and IRA invests all its resources to find Frankie's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen portrays the fallen Gypo Nolan and definitely deserved the Oscar for Best Actor, he was awarded for this movie. His crude, stupid and loving moves give the character size and McLaglen is second only to Arthur Bach, the character of Dudley Moore, from the 1981 film Arthur, as the funniest movie drunk. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members that really impress. Preston Foster is especially bad as an IRA boss, mainly because he is obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on throughout his role in the film, but this supporting cast is the only weak point of the film. Often overshadowed by some of Ford's most well-known westerns, such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is easily one of John Ford's best movies - whether not your best. Beginning what would be a long career of Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford, The Informant won four Oscars, including one for him as best director in 1936. The use of shadows and light in the film by Ford and the company is particularly engaging and vital for history. Gypo's walk through the streets is narrated by the shady state of the city and the blatant accusations of street lamps, each shade constantly reminding him of his somber act. Ford's command of this technique was incredible to watch; if The Informer was made 10 years later (thus fulfilling the genre's requirements) it would probably be considered one of the best noir films of all time, but that does not stop it from being remembered as a great classic movie.
