Maybe it's because I looked at the history of Irish problems in the 1920's and then the sad Civil War that swallowed the Free State after signing the treaty before watching this movie. Anyway, the sudden turn at the end brought tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was then, and he should be remembered most. In this film, I think he's interpreting himself as he would have been without his innate talent and brain. For example, the scenes in which his friend in the crowd are challenging men to fight him are probably reminiscent of what McLaglen actually did in previous years when he was a world-class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for this; The IMDb trivia section shows how he tricked McLaglen into getting a very bad hangover for the trial scene. This director could also bring a lot in his actors, even without such tricks. Most of the time, McLaglen is firmly in control, especially when his character is almost totally stupid (which is difficult for an actor to do with credibility), and he also plays Gypo Nolan with a depth and emotional power that is surprising to someone who have only McLaglen saw later in his career in "The Quiet Man". I particularly like the contrast between this role as an IRA man and the much more obviously controlled performance he gave as IRA man Denis Hogan in "Hangman's House." In "The Quiet Man," of course, McLaglen is a country squire at odds with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was big and fanatical in the old sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, capable of a wide range of nuances of performance that we did not expect from such a man today. It is a rather sad comment about our own set of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> Ford, as always, does a lot in a little film. All characters are excellent (though the Commander's American accent is distracting) - NOTE: There are spoilers ahead! - Knowing that Gypo once took off his straw and was ordered to kill a man, but let him talk about it, we really identify with the man who pulls the straw to perform Gypo, and the humanity he shows, most notably when they will take Gypo to Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, picking up what could have been a horrible and expected outcome for the whole story, and instead using it to create a totally unexpected and still very satisfying ending that makes us think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but of poor Ireland during that tortured time.
