Victor McLaglen, the title character in John Ford's The Informer, reminded me of Fellini's LA STRADA circus man. Anthony Quinn portrayed the brutal man, who may even have been influenced by McLaglen's Oscar-winning performance. The poverty-stricken city of Dublin is the true atmosphere of the setting, which takes place in 1922. Dense fog and a long, wet night are the main elements of a story about deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Army. The conflict of individuality and cause is what makes INFORM work. McLaglen's big, simple character just wants to go to America and we are reminded of the price signals of a ticket frequently. Two different signs become the psychological centerpiece of the drunken Irishman. One is the former, the other is a sign of WANTED. Should I do it and get the money? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said, "My name is Ford. After seeing this movie, it obviously could do so much more. The serious social issues dealt with here are sincere and those in which you will find yourself thinking. And the look of the piece is incredible, consisting of long dark shadows that turn into a miserable night in Ireland. Ford has always been known for his luminescent and beautiful cinematography that helped predict the conflicts within his characters. This is hard to color, but he did it in pictures like THE SEARCHERS, painting John Wayne in a sometimes cruel way. Victor McLaglen's performance not only benefits from lighting, but for the simple simplicity of his performance. He pushes hard. He knocks people down. He is a brute who does not know better. He should, however, know whether or not to cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to discover the brave details. See also Patriotic McLaglen and Ford Portrait of the IRA. Max Steiner's score is groundbreaking in the way it combines with character gestures, putting more emphasis on them. This was generally seen only in silent films, especially Chaplin. The topic of naming names or "reporting" obviously is still important. Just look at how the media covered this year's Oscar, paying close attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
