I remember seeing this late night on the black and white TV, long before a live action version was a glint in Peter Jackson's eyes ... and being very impressed. Finally getting my hands this week in a VHS copy that was being thrown out (and is not this just par for the course ..?) I had the chance to revisit this movie, and found that it still holds up well, though not it is quite the success that memory had painted. <br /> <br /> I have to confess a certain prejudice here. Some critics announce themselves as confirmed Jackson lovers, others like Jackson-haters; Neither am I exactly. I was a devotee of Brian Sibley's BBC Radio adaptation, originally broadcast in 1981, and I instantly recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe would repeat this almost perfect radio performance three years later. <br /> <br /> I must say, however, that where I found Jackson's films an increasingly indulgent disappointment, the Bakshi version, for all that has been cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are the usual and understandable changes (here Legolas, instead of Arwen, replaces Glorfindel as Rivendell's sent elf to find the group) and there are a great deal of action telescopes. (The only exception to the latter, as others have already commented, is the strange sequence extended at Rivendell's ford, where Ring Specters, having demonstrated a frightening ability to freeze and drive Frodo in mid-flight - which they deploy again when he defies after crossing the river - then, for some unexplainable reason, simply chases after him in a straight and prolonged gallop, which is initially a nightmare but meaningless, and definitely lasts a long time.) I would also agree that the Balrog is unsatisfactory , due in part to the bad animation, and that Gandalf wraps his arms too much. <br /> <br /> But having watched both approaches to the film, I feel more than ever that the animated route is the only one to be taken. In a tale that is a bit of a myth (interestingly, one thing that is included is an excerpt from the story of Beren and Luthien de Aragorn) the extreme literalism demanded by live-action footage, where everything from monsters to mail shirts has to be created in detail to appear on the camera, is counterproductive: latex-faced monsters (or CGI) are less monstrous than oddly drawn shapes, heroic costumes tend to look half-foolish on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarves with non-human bodies proportions are easy to animate, but difficult to film convincingly. Many critics quoted Ringwraith's scent in the woods, with his crippled and half-human movements, as one of the scariest moments in the film - certainly frightened me when I first saw myself in the dark! The extreme stylization of the introduction (plus a great skill and economy narration to summarize the story in a few sentences) works very well to describe an almost mythical era, and the shift to County comic rusticism - I particularly like Proudfeet - corresponds effectively to the similar change in the tone of Tolkien's prose. I felt there were some missed opportunities in which the potential of animation could have been used to great effect: Gandalf threatening Bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes, Bilbo seeming to become a creature resembling Gollum under the influence of Ring-lust. in Rivendell, and Galadriel's famous speech of temptation, all were more or less straightforward, where it would have been trivial to distort the scene to reflect the modified perceptions of the hobbits. But in general, the changes in detail and palette - fire light tones in Bree, bright colors that rise in Rivendell and Fangorn clear, dirty gray and brown to Moria and desolate lands - work well to reflect mood of the several. episodes, where a live-action approach simply does not allow you to blur the background or sketch in a stylized setting. As a fan I did not mind either the representation of Jackson or Bakshi of Lothlorien - - again, I feel that the sound landscape of the radio was the best evocation I have ever seen of a beautiful and mysterious forest paradise, caught out of time - and I feel that Bakshi has the very wrong Elvish chant, but I do like the little montage at this point, showing the various members of the Company relaxing together after their difficulties in Moria. Aragorn giving a hobbit-fencing class here is such a charming (and equally non-canonical) spectacle as Boromir engages with the Hobbits in Hollin in Jackson's version. <br /> <br /> Aragorn's depiction as a compellingly weathered Ranger is good throughout this film (Viggo Mortensen's disheveled look on Jesus did not really work for me), though it was interesting to see how they planned to 'clean' 'the character in the second half for the benefit of Gondor. John Hurt, unsurprisingly, gives an excellent vocal performance, as does the resounding William Squire on Gandalf's part. Hobbits are, I suspect, intended to reflect contemporary youth as audience identification figures: I find the animated style (its proportions much more "caricatured" than the human characters) works well to differentiate them, and all the " hairy "The thing of the feet, as drawn here, seems much more plausible than in more literal representations, including many fan art. Personally, I have less objection to Boromir as Viking - he was always a rather aggressive type - - than to beardy-Aragorn (illogical: they were both numenorians, after all), although I am clearly a minority here! <br /> <br /> The big flaw in this photo will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project with a strange and bizarre voice ending trying to solve the problems. A feather; it would have been interesting, not to mention less frustrating, to see what Bakshi planned to do with Shelob and Minas Tirith, no matter the dead ...
