With the release of Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it's even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's 1978 film Lord of the Rings as inferior. I agree with most that the Jackson trilogy is the essential film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that does not stop me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson admitted that he received at least some inspiration from watching Bakshi's film and there are some clear similarities between his adaptations. <br /> <br /> The colorful picturesque scenes of the film are excellent and the trail is memorable. I was largely satisfied with the characters' drawings. The pairs of Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are almost indistinguishable from each other visually, the Balrog and Treebeard were not impressive, but those points did not bother me much. However, the Nazgulls are properly designed and made frightening enough. The only character representation that bothered me was Sam's; he was made to look a little silly. <br /> <br /> This movie is new for its animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are incorporated into the animation by means of rotoscopy. Of course, the characters are hand-drawn and rotoscoped, but nevertheless, I discovered that the style of the film was novel. The use of rotoscoped live actors for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped those scenes go well. <br /> <br /> The dubbing was usually of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who provided an authoritative voice to Aragorn. Aragorn is not one of my favorite story characters, but backed by John Hurt's voice, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is suitably strong for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed inadequate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose dubbing was annoying and added to the unfortunately silly image of Sam. The only other annoying part of the dubbing is the poor pronunciation of the names of characters and places. Particularly strange was the decision to frequently have Saruman referred to as "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi hoped to have the ability to produce two films. Thus, this film contains about half the story, from the beginning of "The Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the battle in Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the story of the film is a highly condensed version of the history of books. I like the original stories and more complete adaptations, but the liberties taken to pack the story did not bother me, not even the choice to leave Arwen out of the story. Enough of the key elements of the story was in this movie to keep me committed for the entire duration and there was even a novelty in being able to pass half of The Lord of the Rings story in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive and in particular the orcs' march to the battle at Helm's Deep was tremendous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and certainly a number of Lords. of readers of the Rings lament the cuts in history. However, for me the disadvantages of this film were smaller compared to the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half a great trilogy. My only strong regret is that I am unable to see the second part of this "first great tale" of The Lord of the Rings, since Bakshi did not receive the budget to create a sequel.
