I like this movie and it annoys me that so many "critics" rank it below the Peter Jackson trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretive; in particular, an animated film depends on the artist's vision and must be judged on its own terms. Speaking as a purist, this is a more refined homage to Tolkien than the updated version. While this movie has its flaws, it remains more true to the source, especially with regard to the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkien's Frodo is almost unrecognizable: from the first scenes he is portrayed as weak. , constantly oscillating, manipulated by forces around him and never putting himself alone (this is physically and metaphorically true). You wonder why fate chose this loose cookie to carry the only ring to the Crevasse of Doom. Jackson unforgivably rewrites Tolkien and steals Frodo from his best moment when he allows Arwen to rescue him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original, featuring an Frodo who demands the ghosts "Come back and do not bother me any more!" Bakshi sustains Frodo's character as Tolkien conceived him. We see its decline as the weight of its burden increases. Frodo is so fundamental to the Lord of the Rings that you wonder why Jackson took such liberties (he does so with countless characters) as the character's development drives the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film best explores the company between Legolas and Gimli in some judicious scenes lacking in Jackson's version. In the same way we see Boromir going out with Pippin and Merry, broadening the idea of ​​companionship. To my taste, camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than in the live action. Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in novels and Bakshi pays tribute to it in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn", minutes before stumbling into Strider. The cheerleading melody is just frozen with the darkest theme music, seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the wraiths, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the movie and it makes me shiver whenever I see it. <br /> <br /> Well documented time / budget constraints limit the film's ultimate impact, but if it had been completed, it could have resonated with more viewers. As it is, it's worth a look. Even his detractors admit that Peter Jackson took much of his inspiration from this prototype.
