Godard once said that one way to criticize a movie is just to make one, and probably the strongest kind that could be done about Ralph Bakshi's opinion about Tolkien's Lord of the Rings masterpiece was made by Peter Jackson . The recent trilogy, to me, is not even a complete masterpiece, but they have enough space in each book to breathe all postmodern techniques crossed with classic narratives to make them very good and engaging entertainments. <br /> <br /> But as someone who has not read the books, I end up looking now for both versions, live-action (though partially animated in its visual effects) and lively (though partially made with real effects). action live as structure) in relation only to the basic story, not even complete fidelity to the books. And with Bakshi's version, it's by no means fair, since what we really see is not the full picture, not what Jackson actually had (probably the final cut). Stolen from the King's great climactic haste by Return, and with the other two parties being hurried, I ended up enjoying more than I did within their limitations, though, as such, those same limitations made it disappointing. <br /> <br /> What is interesting too, after seeing the Jackson films first - which I also regret a bit because I reacted to it differently when I was younger and before five years ago - is which the basic elements of history never get confused with. All that is really needed to tell the story of the Fellowship of the Ring is virtually intact, and if anything that was probably even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book is given some clarity in this section. The actors who play the parts of the hobbits and the other heroes are more or less suitable for the parties, with some parts standing out (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of extra characterization ends up making things seem a bit of value to those who have not seen the other films or read the books and can not contextualize them. But there is some level of interest always with the characters, and here there is a more old-fashioned sensitivity amid the great aura of being more. This is not a garden variety - warts of Disney's adaptation and all, this is a Bakshi movie, with its roots of underground animation colliding with the mythical world of Middle-earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is one that ends up giving what's on the screen, in all its abbreviated form, its hit or miss appeal. In addition to not being completely complete as a movie or as stories, the film's form is an experiment, to see if something can be entirely rotoscoped. The results eventually bring what appears to be retro, but at the time, of course, it was something that was a crude and crazy inspiration on the part of the filmmakers. Could it have been better with the more drawn traditional animation? In some parts, yes; it becomes somewhat noticeable, as was also the case in Bakshi's American Pop, that the main characters move in ways that are somewhat unstable, like some kind of comic book form done in a different way. Still, I have long admired what was done. <br /> <br /> Orcs, for example, I found really incredible in surreal environments. They are perhaps the best part of combining animation over live-action, especially during parts where there is no battle footage (this is actually the real "hit or miss" section as there is no continuity of good and bad rotoscoping ), and the chiaroscuro comes with great shapes on top of the horse. It's scary in a good way. And the backgrounds, though also very rough and sometimes very sketchy, are beautiful with the blends and explosions of color combined. It's almost something for art film aficionados as much as for sows. <br /> <br /> So, how would I recommend this cartoon about the Lord of the Rings? I do not know, to tell you the truth. It's certainly a good level above the other Tolkien animated film I've seen, the Hobbit (and I'm still to see the ROTK excited), and there's a real artistic talent going on. There are also some fluttering dialogue, a segment of two very rushed towers with the most intriguing character Gollum being reduced to perhaps two scenes in total. And seeing something as fragmented as this ends up only reinforcing the completeness of the newer films. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of books thinking of checking this out, I'd say it's worth a shot, even if it's one of those chances that you watch for forty minutes and then decide whether you want to stop or not . As for fitting into Bakshi's other films, I see it as a strikingly ambitious and uneven achievement, where, as with Lynch's Dune, he is forced to draw a shadowy line in the sand between those who passionately hate him and those who do not. love you. t. I do not.
