As a 1978 animated film, this is very good - generally well above the standard of days when Disney had not done anything good in years (and Tolkien cared little for Disney). Gets the main points for an innovative and careful camera work, applying cinematographic techniques with relative success. The much maligned rotoscoping really works very well, especially with the Ring Specters and the opening narration. However, it is so drastically used - possibly as a money-saving technique - that it diminishes the overall effect. The same technique that makes scary ghosts and the other world do not do so well on the steep pony. <br /> <br /> As for the adaptation of the story, it is really very good. We lost little bits here and there, little details like the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, the Gaffer and the Sackville-Bagginses. Let's compress some characters, such as the review of Legolas as one of Elrond's homes and an old friend of Aragorn's, but that's a pretty wise decision for the movies. In books, you have space to include references to the larger world of the vast history of the Elves and Middle-earth. In movies, you exchange it for visuals and sounds that convey the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is actually lost here, and although I have small doubts about some of the changes, I'm usually very happy about it. <br /> <br /> If only the dratted writers managed to remember Saruman's name - he is often referred to as Aruman, a decision probably made to make him more distinct from the so-called Sauron; I took a second time before I was sure that I had not heard him wrong. It's also annoying that Boromir is a bloody and irritable stage from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voice work is excellent. If only John Hurt were not too old to play Aragorn; I love your voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, with the movie ending in the middle of the story, there is a big disappointment. What makes it so much worse is Rankin's miserable work. And down in the sequel. That they were allowed to make the king's return after massacring The Hobbit remains a huge mystery; they seem more interested in bad music than in proper narratives. Despite all its faults, the heart of this film is solidly in place and strives hard to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the next series of films will stay true to your vision ...
