More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation of The Lord of the Rings, there was this animated 1978 effort by director Ralph Bakshi. An ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, this was unfortunately quite shaded by Jackson's trilogy. In fact, many critics here on IMDb (especially those who saw the latest version first) seem ferociously rude to this version ... but if someone applies a little common sense, and takes into account the time it was made and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they will realize that this is a very good movie. In fact, shortly after seeing this animated film in the early 1980s, I looked for Tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of these richly detailed adventures of Middle-earth. So in some ways, I owe this film a degree of recognition as the film that shaped my literary tastes forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle Earth, forges an all-powerful ring that gives him incredible power. After a great battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls in the possession of a called king Isildur. but instead of destroying it, he foolishly chooses to keep it. For centuries, the ring goes from hand to hand, eventually to the possession of a hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peaceful community known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a magician named Gandalf that his ring is indeed The One Ring, the same that was forged by Sauron all those centuries ago, and that his master is once again searching for him to restore his dark power over the whole earth. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbits companions, but every step of the way they are hunted by the specters of Sauron, the Black Knights. Following are many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where it can be "undone" ?? Mount Doom in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the borders of Mordor, closing ever closer to his horrible fate. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of the company fight against a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. A second installment was planned to close the story, but unfortunately it was never completed. While the ending seems abrupt, at least it ends at a sensitive point in history. We need to feel a bit of frustration and regret that there is no sequel in which we can follow these animated heroes for their ultimate goal. The animation is acceptable with a good selection of places and characters presented in interesting details. Leonard Rosenman's music is appropriately exciting and fits appropriately with the epic narrative. The voices are decent as well, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who provides the voice of Sam - is a little overdone and silly, which is not suitable for the character. The Lord of the Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the bewildering book on which it is based.
