There is little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the twentieth century. Jules Verne has some claim to be the father of science fiction, but his stories have been more adventure stories using wonderful inventions as plot devices. Wells went deep and brought subtext to his tales. Perhaps its greatest legacy is that there is very little or no evidence that people believed in life on other planets before the 20th century, where, as now, many people, including Richard Dawkins, find this almost a certainty. There is no evidence of this, of course, and one can not help but think that it was Wells who presented this to human thought? No doubt it was Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> Things to come were adapted by Wells himself from his own novel. It is quite obvious, however, that he is unable to tell the difference between the technical aspects of writing novels and writing screenplays. The dialouge is often loaded, heavy and unconvincing. One case in point is that the two pilots on opposite sides discuss the nature of the war "Why should we kill each other? Why?" This mirrors Wells', Wells, Hitler, and The World State's criticism, almost contempt of Wells, and it is true that Wells's anti-war message is painfully exaggerated. It would be impossible to believe in a conversation between an RAF pilot and his opponent in the Luftwaffe a few years later. That being said, it is absolutely fascinating to see a 1935 film predicting a world war. occurring in 1940 announcing the end of civilization. There is a stunning and astonishing image when a child beats a drum while a ghost army marches to the bottom and society collapse and the fear of Wanderng Disease is wonderfully accomplished. Even the rather lazy narrative of showing the year of the setting has a compelling nature. It is the images that make this film, along with the score of Arthur Bliss, that make the film so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks the question "The universe or nothing, what will it be?" In short, this is a movie whose failures are easy to forgive
