Things to Come is a historical film. Along with Metropolis (1927), it stands out as one of the first great science fiction spectacles. It is also one of the earliest Doomsday films. It is remarkable how the filmmakers predict the beginning of World War II within a year, and even, subtly, the year in which it would end in the real world. But then the film comes out of the picture, depicting a war-torn world (only poisonous substitute gas for nuclear weapons that obviously did not exist in 1936). <br /> <br /> The last half hour of the movie is incredible. view, making innovative use of models and matte paintings - later to become staples of the science fiction genre. It's sad that after Things To Come, Sci-Fi identified with cheap B movies, a stereotype that would not be broken until 2001: a Space Odyssey more than 30 years later. If they had been left with the quality of the effects of this movie, things would have been very different in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey and some of his colleagues play several roles in this movie, with good results. Massey plays a great role as "Doctor Who" as a pilot of an advanced civilization (for 1970) who attempts to conquer the population of a devastated country ruled by a simplistic warlord (a very effective Ralph Richardson). Ultimately, the plot covers 100 years. But that's a big problem with this movie - there really is not a cohesive plot. Perhaps in an episodic film - somewhat reminiscent of Intolerance - it is difficult to have a conventional storyline, but felt that more material could have been made, and although the visuals in the final third of the picture are really impressive and it's worth the admission price ... the plot is non-existent and the movie itself suddenly ends as it gets interesting. Maybe the producers were thinking of another future science fiction innovation: a sequel? <br /> <br /> Things to Come is a movie that every science fiction fan should see at least once. Unlike Metropolis, however, it may not support repeated views.
