this was the most expensive film when produced. Sir Alexander Korda and H.G. Wells were distressed by their low ratings - for good reason. was and remains far ahead of its time. In addition to the apparent misdirection, probably editing, in the beginning, the work follows to a dizzying conclusion. Sir Ralph Richardson's 'Boss', or rather his wife, Cedric's Sir O, space adversary, the central role of John Cabal by Raymond Massey, all provide startling performances. The scene with mr. The incomparable set of Korda, the little girl, running into a scene absolutely "never to be combined," commenting, "Does life continue to look prettier and prettier?" which quickly brings tears to any parent. this is not a movie for the young - unless it is "experienced" but those who have seen "the horror" it opposes. Of course, 'fake-skydiving' seems false - while using a 'magnetic cannon', now termed 'mass driver' can be seen as ridiculous, against rockets --- giving a pause for Sir Korda - Mr. Wells made that choice. and at +/- 8 million dollars, this movie went way beyond the 'excessive budget' - so he focused on what he could manage. <br /> <br /> The true power of this great cinema is in John. <br /> <br /> The final declaration of Cabal's human destiny - his friend "Passworthy" doubts the wisdom of space, saying, "We are such small animals." John Cabal's appropriate response is (paraphrased) "Yes, small animals, and if that is all we are, we should live and die as such." they are standing under a large astronomical telescope. He runs his hand through the night sky. "Still, we can have the whole Universe, or nothing." - then the final chorus comes on the scene ... "What will it be?" - this is not "Star Wars", "Blade Runner" --- anything you might consider 'Great' - this is the Real Thing. <br /> <br /> I remember all of Steven Hawking's most recent speeches about his most recent 'Medal of Honor' --- 'Humanity must leave Earth, or die. - the heart of this work - I love "standard entertainment" - although this "relic", for the wise spectator, offers much more. "What will it be?" being in the proper 'mood' - whatever it takes - it will take your breath away - I 'saved' - in general, for humanity? the most significant of the cinema. Since posting, I've noticed that many commented on the examples of 'survival' of poor 'media quality'. In the 1980s, I developed a proprietary "colorization" process that required a "clean" original. this led me to Michael Korda, who unfortunately noticed that everyone was gone - so we need to appreciate what's left - "sad but true?"
