This is probably the best of all Star Wars movies. The movie's starting point was almost like Episode IV - cabaret music and thoughts of a cabaret place where the seriousness of mobster Jabba the Hutt was getting even more serious. He ordered Luke to die in a hole in the basement of Bantha's crushing teeth, which looked almost like a cross between a bear and a shark. Luke's Jedi powers eventually wipe out the monster. Adding to the sneaky rescue of Han Solo, who was frozen alive at the end of episode V, Jabba was very annoyed that Luke was condemned to die in the Sarlacc pit outside. <br /> <br /> But all the "good guys" of Star Wars, especially R2-D2, had other ideas ... and these other ideas avoided Luke's execution; in the end, most of Jabba's soldiers died and Princess Leia was able to use force to kill Jabba fatally. <br /> <br /> As in Episode IV, the Death Star in Episode VI makes its appearance. In analyzing the rebel fleet attacking the Imperial fighters around the Death Star, the Star Destroyer personnel, I guessed, accelerated the main laser's weaponry, using Imperial fighters as a distraction. The 20-25 Star Destroyers that were lined up were ready to attack, but were canceled, and instead the laser gun on the Death Star was shot off by surprise. Once fired, the only hope of the rebel fleet was that the deflecting shield of the Death Star was overthrown, and this affected both Lando, because he wanted to destroy the Death Star, but he could not, until the shield was removed. And it was taken with Lando's growing impatience. As in Episode V, the Imperial Walkers make their menacing appearance with their two twin cannons, killing at least one of the Ewoks ... but the Ewoks have found ancient yet uncommon ways of dealing with them. For example, Chewbacca, as well as another Ewok, was able to command one of the hikers (and actually used this to destroy behind one of the hikers), and the other Ewoks used logs to knock down two other hikers. It's incredible what Luke could do with his Jedi powers on his Light Saber, like the scene in Endor where Luke deflects laser photos from a Storm Trooper and uses the Saber to knock down part of the bicycle. Or, in a climax, using the Saber to break his own father's arm during Saber's final fight with Sith Vader. <br /> <br /> You probably know the celebration of the Ewoks after the Death Star has been blown up, complete with a short Fireworks Display, drums on the spoils of victory (eg Storm Trooper Masks), and Luke finally meeting Leia after Luke's own enemy - Darth Vader, now dead, is burned on a pyre. The celebration includes Ewoks singing, but I think Lucas did not buy it - even with the strong respect of film composer John Williams. <br /> <br /> In the home movie version, I think Lucas himself wanted a different ending. In addition to the Endor celebration, he wanted commemorative scene scenes on the various surviving rebel planets, including a laser commemorative shot that destroys the Sith statue. The music of the Ewoks was replaced by an alternative instrumental piece. He probably wanted the extra material to prove that, with the destruction of the Death Star, the balance had been restored to the rebellious galaxies.
