If scientists behaved in a way that H. Wells was confident they would do in the future, the story would not have gone the way it did in Things To Come. We've spent almost 80 years from the point where Wells wrote "The Way Things Go" in which this film is based and is no closer to the world he described, but somehow distant. <br /> <br /> Although well known players like Raymond Massey, Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardwicke are in the cast, they are more caricatures than real characters. It is the main weakness with the film, is dedicated to Wells science philosophy will solve all problems and the rest of us are crazy behind. <br /> <br /> Massey's characters, two generations of the same family, hold this view extremely optimistic. . Cedric Hardwicke is a skeptic who thinks the man is running too far forward. And Ralph Richardson is a warlord who came from the destruction of yet another Thirty Years War with modern weapons. By the way, since the atomic bomb had not been invented, the poisonous gas was considered a weapon that almost destroys humanity. Wells says science and conquest can never mix. Scientists as a group are far above the world of politics to engage in such things. In Wells's life, scientists certainly fled Hitler's and Mussolini's right-wing fascist governments. These same people, however, in order to defeat them, subordinated themselves to the Allies and formed the atomic weapons they inaugurated in the modern era. If they behaved as Wells would have them do, someone like Albert Einstein would have led a board of scientists who would have established a new order after World War II. <br /> <br /> Wells understood wrong in both time and development. He apparently never imagined the computer as well as atomic power. Computer programmers are far more likely to be our rulers in a brave new world than scientists at the moment. Still Things To Come, aided by the direction of William Cameron Menzies and the scenarios created offer an interesting glimpse into the mind of H. G. Wells, certainly a respected thinker of his time, although he failed to hit the form of the book Things To Come.
