The first two parts seek to reduce to absurd the emergence of wasteful wars and the rule of nationalist barbarians. The third part speculates that progress and exploration toward the Moon and beyond is the key to ensuring a significant use of talent and human resources. There are speeches that some viewers consider naïve or bombastic, but that make others shiver with excitement. It depicts a space gun / launcher and a helicopter, plus inventive mass communication devices, elevators, flat panel displays and wireless intercoms. It is probably incorrect about windowless buildings in the future. But this portrays a childlike vision of boundless scientific / technological research. For me, it looks like a movie about a group of thinkers of rational thought guided by a morality similar to Spinozean's in his search for immortality. and living ethically through scientific advancement and unified world government. The pro-progress characters (like the two Cabals) believe that mankind could "live forever," preserving our experiments and progress for future generations, always standing on our humanity as if it were on the shoulders of giants. Arthur C. Clarke (author of 2001: A Space Odyssey) suggested this film to Stanley Kubrick as an example of an excellent science fiction film. Kubrick hated and said he would never watch another movie based on Clarke's suggestions (source: special introduction to Clarke's millennial introduction to his 2001 novel). Although the late Clarke continued to suggest him at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best CF films. It has a beautiful Menzies art design, but mediocre special effects (especially the toy tanks). <br /> <br /> I personally loved it and think it captures excellently the zeitgeist of modernity. It's a bit naïve about the plausibility of creating a crime-free society for a long period of time. It also seems implausible about the inevitability of progress. It seems to me that we could go back to the dark ages or at least become so stagnant in science that we killed ourselves by overpopulation or our inability to escape the next great natural disaster. But this portrays the importance of risking public and nanny outrage over possible threats of accidents and deaths in space. It challenges us to choose the side of progress over insignificant desires for safety, comfort, or happiness: CABAL: "Too much (rest) is too soon, and we call it death. rest It must move on - conquest beyond conquest This small planet and its winds and paths, and all the laws of mind and matter that restrain it So the planets on it, and finally through the immensity of the stars And when it has conquered all depths of space and all the mysteries of time - yet he will be beginning. CABAL: "If we are nothing but animals - we must grasp our little pieces of happiness and live and suffer and pass, no matter more - than all other animals - or have done. "{He points to the stars.}" Is this - or is it? The whole universe - or nothing at all. "(Quotes from the script). If this sounds like a rationalization for By dedicating all of society to progress, board members (of world government) will seem like technocrats But in fact these "technocrats" allow their citizens to become craftsmen or pursue other passions freely, and they would have to be suppressed by government bans, laws against science and experiments, and other mandates and restrictive uses of power that would transform their critics in tyrants. In fact, a huge group of rebels in the plot feels despised by all the science and technology developments of the council, so they try to hinder progress and end freedom The progress-oriented council will not suppress the rebels' freedom of expression, only by preparing their "gas of peace" in times of emergency and simply wishing for freedom and space to pursue. with your progress. <br /> <br /> So it's also a story about the freedom to do science as well as about the wonders of progress. Many people in our society would agree with some of these basic premises, except in cases of social prejudice (many want to ban cloning, for example) or naturalism (some do not want us to progress freely, and we would rather become extinct only in due course while enslaved to earth) or fear / reason (some believe we are not ready for advanced science / technology, since we can destroy ourselves). But Cabal (the president of the council) has an answer to the problem of danger: "Our (scientific) revolution did not abolish death or danger. It simply made death and danger worth it" (script).
