H.G. Wells, in 1936, had already peaked, and his surviving books had passed. He was coming to the end of his life and he was confronted with his dream that became sour. At the beginning of the 20th century he defended the idea that the world was condemned because the evolution of species, natural biology on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy on the other, were necessarily leading to the victory of the weak. the strongest due to the simple criterion of number. The weakest were the mass of humanity, and the strongest were the minority elite. He then advocated a rigid eugenic policy with the elimination of all those who were, in one way or another, weakening the human race. Firstly, the non-Caucasians, with the sole exception of the Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed marriages. Then, within the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, the mentally handicapped, all those who were genetically incapacitated, etc. This was not Hitler. That was H.G. Wells and that was not after the First World War. That was over ten years ago. And twenty years before World War I, he published The Time Machine, which advocated the idea that the human "race," left to its own devices and due to the broader cosmological evolution of life on Earth, would see the differentiation of the human " race "into two" species ": the working class would become a laborious subterranean species and the bourgeoisie would become a kind of idle surface. The point was in the novel that the sophisticated surface and weak idle species was the prey of the other predator species. Wells was convinced that mankind was in danger and politicians should stop this evolution by imposing a rigid eugenic policy. The first countries to follow this injunction were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to leave it only recently, for some of them. The film here proposes a vision of 2036 with a world government that is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there are no elections, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest, and government is dominated by one man or more a man and his few advisers. And in this future world, absolutely all human beings are Caucasians. Wells was able to imagine mankind being completely white by 2036. Incredible. Wells imagined some kind of rebellion, but that would last little and would lead to nothing. The last few sentences are the vision of this white civilization conquering the whole universe when contemplating the sky and its stars and planets. Spooky. And this was produced in 1936. Even more frightening, since nowhere mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism can be found. But it is essential to have this movie in a good restored edition because it is crucial to have a complete view of H.G. Wells. We are obviously far removed from the Brave new world of absolute "democratic" social selection, or the Animal Farm of the dictatorship of the swine proletariat, or 1984 of the Big Brother abstract media dictatorship. This view is at least as frightening as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells to the British science fiction writers of his day. It would be unfair to go any further. This reveals that in England, in the first three decades of the twentieth century, there was a tremendous fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future was only gloomy, gloomy, and in the form of an impasse of some sort. <br /> /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris University 1 Sorbonne Pantheon and Versailles Saint Quentin University in Yvelines
