"THINGS TO COME" Movie Review by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here is another wonder filled science fiction movie of a different time and place. It's a movie I only saw in truncated parts, but Art should be taken as a whole. I experienced this movie as it was designed, in a dark theater, on a silver screen, with movie swirls and an audience to share with it. This audience and I were affected by this movie! A woman who lived through World War II was suffocated by the havoc she remembered from the war and was replenished by the positive end, even though it was corny. <br /> <br /> The things that caught my eye from the start were the initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells", boldly copied into angular blocks, much like the "Superman" of the past. It's not the title of the film, but the title of the creator, and then before any other human being, like actors or production, is listed, director William Cameron Menzies is up there! Who? You've probably seen your work before, "Around the World in 80 Days," "Pride of the Yankees," and "Gone With the Wind." He did not direct after that epic science-fiction opera he and Wells created, but his images, scenarios and design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> This image is very effective. I recognized images from many other films, which honored this classic. The recent "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxies" is obvious, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasy," "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow, "Night of the Living Dead" and more than I know, but what titles escape me. This is real special effects here, scenes now made with CGI are made with actors, large sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936, and it is obvious that it meant something to the other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, making music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with message, warning, and sermon. <br /> <br /> The speeches of Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak sometimes speak badly, but I have also heard the speeches that I still hear now. "These toys that children have today are nothing like when I was a child," "will help develop their coordination," "What do we need books for, what do we need to read?", "We do not need cars, we do not need there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need here "" There will be no war. "But war exists! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The endless war explodes on Christmas Eve. The boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is an image that will probably always stay with me. This is the world of 1936 that used blinkers for the appeasement of Hitler. This war does not end. The poisonous gas from the air wars goes on for the second act. <br /> <br /> It's another dark era. No government, no service, no people, have taken and applauded the war no one remembers. Plague, warlords and intimidation so that the airplanes fly to fuel that no longer exists. Loved ones are shot in the street before they can carry the plague to another. In the middle of the way there is a wonderful vignette on the Rolls Royce, which is a much needed rest in the middle of the road. For this, a futuristic plan heralds the future. <br /> <br /> This future is the third act. The world was rebuilt with the help of that "insignificant animal, man." Helicopters fly in this movie, even before being invented. The Plumber's Helper has other uses than those of Dalek or Glenn Miller. Wide-screen plasma screens seduce the masses and speakers urge people to knock them down. "Beware of the concussion, you've been warned!", The town's father warns the rowdy population. So, be warned, this movie may hit you like it hit me. There are a few errors and miscalculations, but thought-provoking idealism is what really pays off again, and I want to see this movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells' vision. It's very easy to work with 20/20 retrospective on things, fantasies and foley miscues. I believe that Mr. Wells's "Things to Come" do not deal with things, but rather with concepts, social tendencies, and philosophical ideals. In addition, we are now just entering the new millennium and we are not in the time yet to come. This is not a cheap cardboard from British Science Fiction, but an Epic Filmed Opera that is worth singing, but which, as a whole, overcomes some minor gaps.
