I must admit a slight disappointment with this film; I had read a lot about how spectacular it was, but the current futuristic sequences, the Age of Science, occupy a small amount of the film. The sets and are excellent when we get to them, and there are some amazing pictures, but this final sequence is missing in many other ways ... <br /> <br /> Much the best drama of the play is in the mid-section, and , then he plays as melodrama, stemming from the science-fiction 'high concept' nature of everything, and insufficiently robust dialogue. There is much more human life in this part, with the great Ralph Richardson sailing gloriously like the little dictator, the "Boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's mannerisms and short speech delivery, dismissing the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's confident and distant visitor. This boss is a deceptive, compelling figure, unable to perceive the fragile nature of his kingdom ... It's not a big role, but Richardson does a lot of it. <br /> <br /> Every city itself is presumably meant to be England, or at least one English town quite representative of England. It was interesting to avoid completely any religious side of things; the "things to come" seem to revolve around a conflict between warrior barbarism and faith in science that seems to have little ultimate goal but to keep going back and forth. There is a belated attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section concerning the more personal "life," but one remains rather dissatisfied. The film does not have much interest in subtle complexities; it serves for noisy spectacles and a subtle and forceful moralism, all the time. And, of course, remember the end of the hedge bet: Raymond Massey is talking about how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> Regarding the subject of the film being a prediction: I must say that it is not at all bad as such, considering that it is obviously permissible to be able to get the details of life right. The grandest conceptions have something for them; a war in 1940, well that might be predictable ... For almost 30 years, mind! A nuclear bomb - the "super gun" or some such gadget - in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we do not believe in independent national states" - government type, in Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately neither up close at that, cracks! ;-) There is no real policy here, which is a shame; all that arises is a very commendable anti-war sentiment. It is generally assumed that dictatorship - whether it be cat-head, fascist-Luddite, under the chief, or scientific socialism from every hand to the bomb - will be the agreement *, and these implications are not addressed ... we must remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge of how Nazism and communism would result - or even how they were doing - the lack of consideration of this seems meek, beyond the scope of the filmmakers' view on other subjects. <br /> <br /> Many of the previous things should - and could have - been cut off in my opinion; only the shortest "1940" material would have been needed, but this segment tends to be quite heavy, and it's long before we get to the Richardson-Massey parts. I wish I had seen more with Margareta Scott; who is just a little skeptical, cutting a bright-eyed Mediterranean figure for an insignificant purpose. The character is not exploited, or frankly explained or exploited, except for a scene that I will not spoil, and his relationship with the boss is not explored; but then this was the 1930s, and there was widespread institutional censorship at the time. Edward Chapman is slightly amused in his two roles; even more so at first as an unhappy fellow, praying for war, only to be abruptly crushed by another Massey character. Massey himself helps a lot, interpreting his parts with a mixture of moderation and somber appeal, contrasting well with a rather different cast, except for Richardson, Scott and Chapman, slightly. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly an extraordinary film that was made in England in 1936; one of the few serious British science fiction movies to date, indeed! Its set (piece) of design and use of resources are greedy, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately more serious and, sometimes, all over the place. The steering is prone to leveling even though it increases a scenic outfit or two from time to time. The director of photography and mr. Richardson really saves things; respectively, creating a sense of wonder in technology, and an engaging and abrupt performance that always seduces. It is a pity that there is so little substance or actual filmic conception for the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect directors to take on such a task - they are unparalleled among British directors as audacious storytellers, great character steers, and traffickers in front-line dialogues. "Things to come", as it is, is an intriguing curiosity, worthy of attention, but far from being a "Metropolis" ... It is as "silly", in Wells's words, as the Lang's film, still with nothing like the surprising force of it.
