This sci-fi masterpiece by Herbert George Wells, with music by Arthur Bliss, is a powerful piece of filmmaking. Adapted from Wells' somewhat different work by the author, he presents a look at the human future with the theme of periods of war versus periods of 'peace'. The structure is that after a couple of episodes of normalcy and clouds of war, the script allows the war to happen. Two families, the Cabells and the Passworthys, disagree on what might happen; Passenger has a hopeful view of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, the dubious. His city Everytown - obviously London - is destroyed by a war with tanks, a magnificent march of war by Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds people living in the wreckage of what had once been the city under a "Boss," played with bravery by Ralph Richardson whose wife, the lovely Margaretta Scott, is as fascinating as a concrete dictator. He is trying to rebuild old World War I planes so he can attack a tribe in the nearby mountains to complete his little kingdom; a young scientist complains of having his work continually interrupted by aircraft demands - etc. - forever; this is Wells' commentary on war versus progress. Survivors are subject to a plague called "The Wandering Disease" as well. Get into a modern flying machine piloted by Cabell from the first section of the movie, now part of Wings Over the World, an International Coalition of Scientists, which plans to end the war forever. This adapted flight modernist has fascinating conversations with the boss and his wife, their attraction being evident; then Boss sends his aircraft against them, the scientists come with a large number of airplanes and drop the "Gas of Peace" in the ruins of Everytown. Only the chief dies, fighting hard against pacification. The film shows the ore being mined and, with slow steps, is placed on the beams of a magnificent new futuristic tower city. In section three, a future Cabell argues with a future passavél on the morality of the human science. Passenger wonders if they have the right to send men to the Moon; Cabell defends the right of man to progress and the need to expand his horizons. Son of the daughter of Passworthy and Cabell, the astronauts are being sent. Theotocopulos, a religious-minded Luddite, makes an inflamed speech on a huge screen at the City Forum and leads an attack on the "space weapon" that is to shoot the new rocket free of Earth's gravity. The climax of the plot is the successful firing of the space weapon; The end and the end are a speech by Cabell, praising value and science, universally regarded as the deepest defense of the already written mind. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "What should it be?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey perhaps gives his greatest performance on the screen; he is considerate, compassionate, and reasonable, a true scientist. As the agitator who wants to end the Age of Science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman, who plays Passworthy, admirably embodies the voice of convention and fear. The plot is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the near extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​a civilization led by reconstructing scientists becomes plausible and credible to the viewer. This is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all concerned. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its constructed limits, it is a drama of the thinking man who debates two possible human futures - progress or its reactionary opposite.
