I was just a baby in arms when George Lucas was impressing the world with his world outside Saga narrating the adventures of the young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years later, I can appreciate the genius that is Lucas and the incredible imagination he has been blessed with. In A New Hope Luke showed a new way of telling stories while introducing us to such memorable characters as the brave Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and the witty Luke Skywalker, as well as the one who loved the villains, the sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back he did everything to show us what Special Effects can contribute to a tale and got something that no one thought you could do on screen. He made a movie without a specific ending or beginning and it was a pleasure. The return of the Jedi is an appropriate end to a saga that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with the involvement of the lovely Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and young Luke recovering from the discovery of a terrible truth about his father, we were left with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How do we ask if the rebels could recover from this blow? In Luke's impressive and captivating final chapter, we are kept at the ends of our seats, from Han's daring rescue of Jabba's palace to the final climactic battle on the Death Star between Luke and Vadar while Luke struggles between performing his duties as a fighter Jedi and rebellious. and try to awaken the good that he believes is still in his father's soul. Old friends like the good talk of Lando Calrissian and the always adorable Chewbacca gathers for a final battle to end all the battles as a new darker dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the Emperor himself (played by brilliant Ian McDiarmiud.However he lost an Oscar is a mystery.) desperate to turn Luke into the Dark Side, even if it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar. black with his red eyes, disfigured white ghostly face and sinister laughter he really is a terrifying addition to history and is the undisputed master of events unfolding. His new and improved Death Star is a disaster for the rebels, but the brave group launches a last desperate attack to end the reign of the Empire forever. <br /> <br /> Lucas was able to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going so the audience would be fascinated. We watch with enthusiasm as Han and Leia try to knock down the shield around the Death Star in the Moon of Endor forest with the help of some adorable Ewoks (which I do not really believe in taking from the movie. kind of relief from the tension of battles in and on the Death Star) and hindered by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial officers. We applaud Lando and the other riders as they face the powerful Imperial Fleet and risk life and limbs to fly to the Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all. And we watch our breath catch as Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke into the Black Side as he, in turn, tries to turn his father back. <br /> <br /> But for me the most difficult and convincing battles are going on inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ it is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emporer and the Empire and his fatherly inclinations to Luke. I never thought a mask could show emotion, but somehow, as one can not help but see the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the final scenes, when the Emporer calls Luke. There is more depth and excitement in Vadar than I believed to be a villain, especially one more machine that man could have and which I think is what makes him so accessible. He is in conflict. The Apprentice, as much as the Master. The victim as much as the villain. Without ruining the end, the final scene of Vadar is the most moving and wonderful of the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So, in conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of the saga. Star Wars is the most engaging and engaging Sagas I've seen in a long time and I have yet to see another rival of the Saga. The return of the Jedi has all the necessary ingredients to provide the end that Lucas's masterpiece deserves. It's action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy, all in one and memorable characters, wonderful special effects and captivating music make a great movie by itself and an ending that Lucas can be proud of.
