Ok, my title is kind of bad and almost sells this short. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert in 1994 talking about this movie and then playing a clip or two. Not being a rapper-conscious guy (though I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the scene where the band explains how they chose their name (using some "obscure" logic and a lot of "made-up" facts), and then another scene where the band and its rival band visit a (and of course, the NWH gives some "information" about how the rival band leader is a loser because he got good grades at school and was on the yearbook committee). So I filed that I should see this movie. <br /> <br /> A couple of years later, this thing shows up on HBO and I recorded it, just to laugh for a few hours. Yes, it does have a kind of "Spinal Tap" rhythm ... even the documentary takes essentially the same "tone" in creating the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "Behind the Music" "phenomenon - small band has good chemistry, gets famous, lots of money too fast, fights, drugs, some kind of death, the band ends, then reconciles, ending up hoping for more albums in the future, and fading to black). The only thing that's true is that in Spinal Tap, you pick up the band, maybe with a little more success in the past. But the Tap drags on a few points, and in my mind it's reduced to laughs that are created by scenes Ah, this is his speech about food behind the scenes, this is where he wants the amplifier to go "ONZE", this is where the guy does the stonehenge, etc. In contrast to FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor. You may see some of them coming, but there is not a gra configuration for each joke. Sometimes the jokes just flow. Cundieff and the other actors in the band had a real chemistry that worked. Also, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a bunch of other cartoon-type rappers really worked well. This strikes me as a movie you watch once to get the main story and laughs, and then comes back and watches to catch the subtle jokes. And the songs. "My Peanuts" is better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but both are funny. Tone Def's awful video during his "wake up" phase is so bizarre, but so funny. <br /> <br /> I could go on for a while, but save your time and do not waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour and got bored. You do not get bored at FoaBH. There are times a little less funny, but you never know when something good is about to happen. Maybe my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (name ripoffs if I ever heard one) find out they're sharing the same girl ... at one point, you have those two guns pointed at each other. and the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and I think even Tone Def is in the room pointing guns at each other, swapping targets from side to side. And, of course, someone is shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that NWH managers had a fate similar to that of the Spinal Tap drummers (though none of them got into spontaneous combustion, I do not think). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this movie, although this is clearly much more the hip hop Spinal Tap. While some similarities do exist, the mood is different, and the film looks more like a real documentary (maybe because we do not recognize a single actor in this thing, even the guy who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds"). All in all, this movie has, in my opinion, "street cred". Kind of like NWH.
