This movie is for me the weakest movie in the original Star Wars trilogy, for a number of reasons. However, a winner emerges at the end of the day, despite all its flaws. It is still a very good movie, even if much of its quality depends on the characters that were built in the 2 upper parts. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the appearance of the film, which is not very consistent with the other two films. I put a lot of that in the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first two films have that dirty look, all the technology, and so on. In "Jedi," on the other hand, even the rebels seem to have just gotten out of the shower and had their uniforms cleaned up. This contributes to a much less textured film. Also the creatures were overly resembling mupes and cute. At this point, it seems that the filmmakers were more concerned with creating models for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a whole new experience in filmmaking and "Empire" took us to alien worlds of marshes, ice and clouds, "Jedi" slowly recounted the locations of the first film. First we are back to the desert planet Tatooine, and then we are seeing them staring ANOTHER star of death (perhaps the Emperor could not think of anything new ... but you would think Lucas or Kasdan could). We also have these ewoks, which are actually just detestable teddy bears, in a recycled version of what should be the great Wookiee fight at the end of "Star Wars" if they had not run out of money. It just seems like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" to me is the weak handling of the character Han Solo. Since he is central to the plot of the first two films here he is struggling for screen time by swapping a liners with the droids. Instead of a real drama, we are stuck with the false excuse that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the conclusion of "Empire", where she confessed her love for him, had never happened. The whole thing is very artificial and barely hides the fact that the character Solo was not part of the central story of the movie after his rescue. Ford, in turn, seems bored and does not have the style that distinguishes his previous performances. This is more like a 1990s Ford performance, bored and looking "up" at the film itself. Fisher, in turn, is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in "Empire", here is stuck as the ostentatious person that interests us in the giant space battle. Only Hamill, given an interesting development in Luke's character, is actually able to do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only lead actor in the film who still cared about his work. And to be fair, the script gives you a lot more to do than the other characters. It really is his story and the other characters are just there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does an excellent job, just like the Emperor. The movie would sink if it had been too far from the top (as it was sometimes in the new movies). Visually and in terms of effects work, in addition to the "clean" look of everything It's hard to find flaws. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever built. The space battles to the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this movie leads to success based on the accomplishments of your ancestors. But per se, it's a satisfying piece of entertainment and IMHO far superior to any of Lucas's later productions.
