Brian Yuzna is often frowned upon as director by his gossipers, but the truth is that his films are not really bad. The Re-Animator sequences are not as good as the originals, but still worth it in terms of horror sequences. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is not a world far from being a masterpiece of surrealist terror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but it shows Yuzna's gaze to horror in an excellent way, and the plot moves in a way that is always exciting and engaging. I'm really surprised that a horror movie about dentistry did not show up until 1996, since going to the dentist is almost a primitive fear - you're fleeing from a tiger to the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I would pretend to be in the minority. The plot follows perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a good home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - pretty much everything most people want. However, his life gets worse when he discovers his wife's case with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; how are your patients who feel the full weight of their anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scare the public, this movie really does. However, the credit has to go to the director to extract the total quota of scares from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is summed up by the fact that I have no scruples about going to the dentist - but one particular scene made me cover my eyes! The movie follows the pattern of the crazy storyline plot, only with the dentist you always get the impression that there is more of the movie than what we are seeing. It's not often that a gore film can impress on a substance level - and while this is not winning any awards, parody in the upper class is well connected to the plot. The acting, as class B, is really impressive; with Corbin Bernsen taking on the lead role and doing a good job of convincing the public that he really is a man on the edge. I should thank Brian Yuzna for pitching Ken Foree in the movie. The star of Dawn of the Dead does not have enough work, and I really love watching it in movies. The rest of the cast does not massively impress, but everyone does their job well. Overall, the dentist offers a refreshing change to horror movies of the nineties. Bloody scenes are sure to please horror fans, and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
