The dentist begins the morning of the wedding anniversary of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). On the surface, Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone seem to have a nice life, a nice home in Los Angeles and he has a successful career with responsibility, but things are very wrong. Alan finds out that Brooke is having an affair with Matt (Michael Stadvec), the pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation Alan then discovers that Matt is also having sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms) one of his neighbors next door and still top it all off he owes the IRS, who is breathing in his neck, a load of money. Alan begins to lose his head, he becomes convinced that everything is decadent and rotten, just like the teeth of his patient, and it is up to him to fix it. That morning at work, he begins to take away his frustrations and anger from his patients, first he hurts a boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), he sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucinates that she is his wife and deliberately performs an unnecessary and painful procedure on another. Alan also starts taking drugs when he completely loses and starts homicidal starting with his adulterous wife and pool cleaner ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna I found The Dentist was a good movie and tried something a little different. The screenplay by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more of a psychotic thriller than straight slasher that came as a surprise to me as I was expecting the latter, it would have been easy to make a teenage horror film like Friday the 13th ) with a high body count and a villain cracking dentist wise, but what the dentist really turned out to be is very different. The dentist is at the heart of a study of the character of a man's descent into madness and does a good job, despite having said that he is not sure what he is going through is sufficient justification for his subsequent murderous actions. He moves at a good pace, has a good narrative in which I liked the constant connection that Alan makes between the decadence he sees in his patients and the decadence he sees in the world around him and it's a fun way to spend 90 odd minutes. Needless to say, anyone with a phobia about the dentist should probably give this a miss or you'll never come back! I liked the ending too, where the tables are turned, I will not say any more ... Director Yuzna does her normal job here, actually I do not think I've seen a Yuzna movie that I I did not like it to some extent, it obviously and predictably seizes the opportunity to play with our fear of the dentist with some good bits of dental torture, including tearing people's teeth, sexually molesting them, performing drug operations, and torturing people with drill dentist drill. There are some other bloody scenes as well, a dead dog, someone bitterly struck with a knife and cut off tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style about what was probably a low budget, he likes to tilt his camera to create some nice angles and I liked the shot where the camera is above someone being stabbed and huge splashes of blood on the floor . a wide and pleasant angle. <br/> <br/> Technically, the Dentist is good, with decent values ​​of cinematography, music and production, although some of the special effects of makeup look a bit unconvincing. The performance is very strong from everyone involved with Corbin, performing well. The always cool and favorite of the genre, Ken Foree, appears as Detective Gibbs, one of the best in Los Angeles. <br /> <br /> The dentist was not what I expected, and even better, if you're a horror fan. and maybe want something a little different, so it's worth checking out. I liked it and think it definitely worth watching.
