The dentist is a great thriller. It's very disturbing. I think we can all agree that the odds of finding a dentist are much greater than finding monsters, vampires or zombies. That's exactly why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you will probably think of your own dentist a few times. If he can do these things ... You'd better pray that your wife would not betray him. That's what story is all about. A respected dentist in Los Angeles when he discovers that his wife is cheating on him with the pool boy. (By the way, this must be the biggest profession in the world. Pool boys always take advantage of housewives when their husband is at work.) From there, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only take revenge. He can no longer focus on his patients and some of them get hurt. Things are not made easy for our dentist when he is haunted by an annoying tax controller, a curious cop and a suspicious staff member. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can not stand it any longer. Now he is not only after his wife but after everyone who comes near him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-written by Stuart Gordon. You can take this as a recommendation for yourself. These 2 people have already given us some great horror movies (and my personal favorites) like Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they manage to once again bring a fun and very creepy thriller. This movie arrived on time. The decade has not brought us many horror movies so far. I'm not saying this is a masterpiece, but it's a good change. Corbin Bensen is great as the hygiene-obsessed dentist. I remember him mostly as a comedy or drama actor, but he can handle a psychotic character. The rest of the cast also does a good job. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Also, it was great to see Ken Foree performing again. The actor in my all-time favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna climbed it from From Beyond too, 15 years ago and thank you for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I'll warn you to skip this), but if you watch, you will have a lot of fun. You'll be disgusted ... but that's an extra reason, I guess. It's been a while since I was so scared watching a movie. It's a great topic to deal with the genre and Yuzna does it in a great way. Too bad this movie was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
