Not that many movies have actually explored the fear of going to the dentist that many people have. Those in the profession have some genuinely intimidating instruments. Give writers Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch for deriving the most from the do-it-yourself-wrenching-in-your-seat shock value of your premise. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen, in a well-nuanced performance, is Alan Feinstone, a dedicated dentist whose train jumps from the rails at first. An unbalanced obsessive-compulsive, he begins to focus on thoughts of decadence, imagining it even where there is not, and also equating decay with the corruption of society in general. Having witnessed his unfaithful wife, Brooke (Linda Hoffman) getting along with the pool boy, he decides to punish her. At the same time, he is under pressure from an idiot IRLS. agent (Earl Boen, better known as Dr. Silberman's franchise "The Terminator") to do a favor in exchange for the agent keeping his mouth shut about Feinstone's financial affairs. Feinstone begins to perceive everyone around him as falling apart in one form or another, and he goes on a wave of murders when police detective Gibbs (always welcome Ken Foree) grabs his trail. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Yuzna clearly has a lot of fun with the script. It allows for some genuinely nasty and remarkably entertaining violence scenes that do as well as creating sympathy for the victims as they excite the public. The script gives the character Feinstone some fine lines of dialogue and is generally quite cunning and entertaining, with large doses of black humor (like Feinstone ordering the victim to "take his tongue out of the way!"). Brooke and I.R.S. figure in particularly effective torture scenes. The makeup effects are mostly very good. And the film does a good job of maintaining its strength, as Feinstone, with his tireless pursuit of perfection, shifts from respected professional to unbalanced killer in record time. Before, always cool and fun to watch, it's a little wasted in a standard detective role, but there's some pleasure in watching Boen play his slimeball part to the fullest. Hoffman and Christa Sauls provide a very eye candy. And a pre-fame Mark Ruffalo can be seen in a small supporting role. But that's all very much the Bernsen show as he sinks his teeth (excuse me for using that expression) in his plum leadership piece with total conviction. <br /> <br /> "The dentist" ranks as one of the most original and interesting horror films out of the 90s. <br /> <br /> 8/10
