I thought ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest part of the Trilogy by many who voted. For me, it seemed that ROTJ was the best because it had the deepest plot, the greatest suspense, surprises, more emotion (especially the ending) and definitely the most episodic film. I personally like Empire Strikes Back a lot, but I think it's a little less good than ROTJ, since it was slower, not so episodic, and I did not feel as much suspense or excitement as I did with the third one. It also seems to me that, after reading these astounding criticisms, the reasons why people have quoted the ROTJ as an inferior film for the other two are simply ridiculous and are insignificant reasons compared to pure excellence. of the film as a whole. I heard many strange reasons such as: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because little Ewoks defeated a bunch of stormtroopers d) Because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br /> I would like to unmask each one because I believe they are completely wrong. First, who cares if Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted him to die. Do not get me wrong, I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he made some appearances and it was not Lucas's intention to make him a central character in the movies that Star Wars fans made him. Your name was not even mentioned anywhere in the movie ... You had to go to the credits to find out Bobba Fett's name !!! Judging ROTJ because a minor character died is a little too much, I think ... Second, many fans did not like Yoda to die. Of course, it was an important period in the movie. I also was not happy to see him die, but this makes the film more realistic. All the good guys can not stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise, if ALL the good guys lived and ALL bandits died, this movie would have been equivalent to a cartoon on Saturday morning. Another aspect so far is that people did not like Yoda's death. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader knocked Obi Wan Kenobi to A New Hope. (Many consider A New Hope the best of the Trilogy) Why Obi Wan's death was good, but Yoda did not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I just can not believe it was said is because people found gossipy Ewoks dominating stormtroopers be impossible. This is totally ridiculous! I can not believe this !! First, the Ewoks are on their native planet Endor, so they are aware of their home territory since they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many of the tactics used by the Ewoks to defeat the stormtroopers were through the excellent use of their advantage in the field. (Since you have lived in the forest all your life, I hope you have learned to use it to your advantage). They had scales of vines, ropes, trunks to trip over those who walked and other traps. Stormtroopers were highly disadvantaged because they were fewer in number and unaware of the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their engineers. To add, it was not as if the Ewoks were fighting the stormtroopers, they were heavily aided by the rebel band in this conquest. I thought that if the stormtroopers had defeated a combination of Star Wars heroes, the rebel band, as well as the huge Ewoks clan with great familiarity with their birthplace, it would have been a great surprise. Lastly, if this scene was still unbelievable to you ... How about Empire Strikes Back or A New Hope where there were VARIOUS scenes from a group consisting of just Han Solo, Chewbacca and the Princess, being shot by ten stormtroopers and all his engineers lost while the heroes were in sight !! And not only that, the heroes, of course, always hit the Stormtroopers with their blasters. Soldiers must have VERY, VERY bad goal then! At least in the Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor was far more believable, since you had two armies pitted against each other, not three heroes against a legion of stormtroopers. Do not believe me? Check out the battle in Cloud City when our heroes were escaping from Lando's base. Or when our heroes were rescuing Princess Leia and being shot (somehow they made a mistake) while Han Solo and Luke were trying to get out of the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I would like to discuss (the others are just too simple ridiculous for me to spend my time here.) is that people did not like Darth Vader to be revealed! Well, in many ways, that was an important part of the plot in the movie. Luke was trying to find out whether or not Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would have been disappointing if the movie had ended without Luke seeing his father's face because it completed him. By the revelation of Annakin, it symbolized the transition that Darth Vader suffered by being possessed by the black side (in his helmet) and by the good person he was Annakin Skywalker (removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin died converted to the light side again and that's what the meaning of the helmet removal scene was all about. In fact, that's what I would have done in that scene too if I were Luke's father ... Is not this what you would have done if you wanted to see your child with your own eyes before you died and not in a mechanized way? On another note, I think a conscious or subconscious expectation among most people is that the sequence should be worse (even if it's better) than previous movies is another reason why ROTJ does not get as much praise as it deserves. I never go into a movie with this mistake in mind, I always try to get into a movie with the attitude that "Well, it might be better or worse than the original ... But I can not be sure. way, I go with an open mind and do not dare to think that a clearly superior film is not as good as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these movies, but, I asked many college students and adults about what is their favorite Star Wars movie and they all tell me (except for one person who said that New Hope was their favorite), which is ROTJ. I believe the results in these surveys are terrible and quite misleading. <br /> <br /> In short, the Return of the Jedi was the best of the Trilogy. This film was the only one of the three that kept me riveted over its 135 minutes. There was not a moment of annoyance because every scene was suspenseful, exciting, surprising or all of the above. For example, the saber-raid battle of emotional light between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than that of Empire Strikes Back anytime !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people see the Phantom Menace with an Open Mind, because if fans start looking for insignificant and insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") to destroy the movie like "This movie stinks because Luke is not in it!" then this meritorious movie will become another spectacular movie that will be the subject of scorn as the ROTJ has unfortunately suffered. <br /> <br />
