I remember this particular movie when I was a teenager, my best friend was telling me about this movie and how it frightened her as a child. Of course being the bloodthirsty girl I am, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I'll say it, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story and beyond bloody and horrible, but that's what I was looking for and The Dentist delivers on the scares, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes, I just need a fun movie like this to let go and be harmed. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On the day of his wedding anniversary, he spies on his wife Brooke having sex with her filthy pool man, Matt. In her dental office, the first patient of Feinstone's day is the young Jody Saunders, there for her first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. All goes well at first, until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental palette slides, stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody's mother catches her crying, bleeding child and leaves in anger. Feinstone sees his second patient, the beauty queen April Reign. Alone with April, Feinstone seduces her with nitrous oxide so he can fill a cavity in one of his molars. As she plunges into unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines that she has become his wife. He begins to kiss her and caresses her in the dentist's chair, then begins to choke her. April begins to cough and half wakes up from the gas. Feinstone comes out of her trance and quickly restores April's blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in her practice. He reveals his new fourth Italian opera patient. He encourages Brooke to try out the dental chair in the room. When he does, Feinstone ties her to the chair and reassures her with nitrous oxide. With the music of the opera strident in the background, he begins to tear Brooke's teeth. Feinstone went to the bottom of the pit and definitely will not let anyone stand in their way of cleaning. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as silly as this movie sounds, I had a great time watching The Dentist. The best scene is undoubtedly when he teaches that nasty IRS agent a lesson in hygiene that I am sure he will never forget. Dude, I do not think I brushed my teeth much after I watched The Dentist. Yes, I'll warn you, this movie is not at all for the faint of heart, it's very bloody. There's stabbing, gun shots and just those brutal scenes of dental torture that will make your stomach flip. However, somehow I liked this movie, if I just want a good movie that was made for the real horror fans, I put it on my DVD player, and that's the "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Yes, I try, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
