After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) engaging in sexual acts with the pool boy, the already unstable dentist Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) fits in completely, which means big problems for his patients. <br /> <br /> This delightful semi The original and entertaining horror film by director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change of pace from the usual horror that came in the late nineties. Although "The Dentist" is an insignificant and entertaining film, Yuzna guarantees that the film offers the shocks and emotions that many more serious films try to dispense. Although it suffers a little from the lack of experience about the central characters, and thus allow events that were to be built to occur for a few days, the film is intriguing, generally well scripted and well paced, which allows the viewer to maintain interest even during the most ridiculous moments. "The Dentist" occasionally suffers from drag, but unlike the much inferior sequel of 1998, there are only sporadic moments of uninteresting, and in general the film follows well. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing in the role of the sadistic, demented and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen credibly recites his lines, especially with regard to the impurity and the immorality of sex (particularly fellatio), is something less than wonderful. While many actors may find it difficult to portray a cleaning obsessive psychotic without making it seem too ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really fit into the personality of the character he tries to portray and thus makes the film even more enjoyable. If The Dentist had not been intended to be a fun, almost comedic horror film, Bernsen's performance would probably have been far more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including Mark Ruffalo, pre-fame) failed to perform very well and although the film was not much harmed by this, stronger performances could have added more credibility to the film. <br /> <The dentist is not a horror movie that is to be taken seriously, but it's certainly nice, particularly (I presume) for tacky horror fans. Those who were annoyed by the number of clones in the late '90s Scream' (1996) clones may well find this a refreshing change, as I did. A rarely boring and generally well-paced script, as well as some proficient direction, helps make the Dentist one of the most enjoyable horrors of the 1990s. In addition, we are introduced to some realistic scenes of dental torture that should keep most husbands happy . Far from being perfect, but far from bad too, "The Dentist" is a movie worth watching at least once. My evaluation for the dentist? 6.5 / 10.
