The main theme in this Dirty Harry is that revenge is a best served cold dish. Sandra Locke is as cold in this movie as she is beautiful. Locke is an "8" normally, but with a deadly pistol in his bag, "armed" for the bad guys, it climbs all the way up to the "10" scale. Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the attack of her life in the best possible way. Your sister, tho, is almost in coma as a result of the trauma, so the memory is never far from your mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the streets of S.F .; she buys a pistol, follows him to a bar, lets him get her, so when they are alone in their Cadillac, starting to make love, she shoots him ... once in the genitals, once in the brain - opening scene !! You have to love this brave lady. She has her priorities straight. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her rage on screen so far. After executing her first criminal, Jennifer curiously observes Det. Insp. Harry Callahan sues the crime scene after the body is found in the Caddy. So she insults some scary teens who are bothering women on the street, visit her sister in a nursing home, then go hunting in San Paolo, California "on the seashore," where the rape event happened years ago. With more bullets in her suitcase and more determination in her mind, our heroine relives the rape inside her head with a vivid memory as she gets closer to running each subsequent rapist. It is not uncommon for us, on the right, when it comes to condemning or executing a violent criminal, do not grieve for your own miserable humanity, WE REMEMBER THE CRIME AND THE SUFFERING it inflicted. Such reminded events force Jennifer to pull the trigger of each of her attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, scenes of Jennifer's revenge are interspersed with good, IL 'Dirty Harry blowing up some gangstas in a cafe, remember "Go ahead. MAKE MY DAY."? He later threatens to step on a punk boy (who had just insulted Callahan) in a courtroom elevator, as if he had caught up with a ** dog .... leaving a young government clerk looking at Clint as if to say "I want to have your baby". My favorite scene is just 30 minutes of action when Harry threatens and frightens a murderous mob boss named Threlkis in a fatal coronary during the reception of his granddaughter's wedding at the Mark Hopkins hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does a wonderful job as the sinful Mafia Don, even though he is in only one scene, dying in a more convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The elevator punk gang And Threlkis' henchmen try to murder Harry in two neat scenes, and most bad guys end up dying horribly. Yes, part of the weapons game comes as uninspired violence on the screen ... it seems like Clint, the director, may be tired that day filming this movie. But there are only many ways to dispatch a man with bullets. The punk boys die a lot more creatively, however, since both die burned and drown in S.F. Bay. It warms my heart. With so much violent intent directed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses send him to San Paolo to try to gain some insight into the "22-caliber vasectomy murder," as the crime of Jennifer Spencer is now known, but not before Harry delivered one of his famous sermons to the soup. liberals. I love this Harry. While our hero bothers the cops and local citizens in San Paolo, two more murders happen, even M.O., in a lazy, lazy fisherman and an equally scary hardware entrepreneur. So Harry knows Jennifer! They think that they both agree on matters such as Law and Order, making the guilty payment, etc. Could a hot love scene be about to happen soon? We are led to believe only this. Characters in abundance in this Real-Man encounter the Royal Woman's police drama, and we meet a bull dam called Raye Parkins, which is both annoying and amusing. Raye created Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years before, and she will eventually get her. San Paolo's police chief, played by Pat Hingle (the suspended judge in 'Hang Em High'), is strangely at odds with Callahan's detective work on 22-gauge vasectomies until we find out that he was a teenage son himself one of the gang of rapists. Much like Jennifer's sister, Janning's son is now an adult in a coma, but maddened by guilt. You can not end here, though. The boyfriend of the dike rapist, Mick, now a criminal idiot, heads to Vegas because Raye fell on top of Jennifer, summoning him to San Paolo to avoid further executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's house, but his time is all wrong, and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, mainly due to the fact that she has already been sent to the Isle of Eternal Lesboes by a shot of the revolver of Jennifer. Psychosis Mick finally bails, with Jennifer firing at him. A desperate pursuit follows, while Harry tries to stop them from killing each other. Everything ends well at the end, with the good cock and the good guy walking together for the sunset together for a beautiful blues music by Roberta Flack.
