Despite the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans, in my opinion "Return Of The Jedi" is the biggest movie ever created. From the first time I saw her, it's the depth, the intensity, the special effects and the thrilling story have overwhelmed me. The film was so well organized that it was able to withstand the test of time in the last 20 years. Full of powerful action, like the climax of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us an exciting ending to the saga "Star Wars" in "Jedi". After the "Empire Strikes Back" left us waiting for 3 long years, we finally find the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi." Darth Vader, in emotional turmoil, makes a surprise visit to a new incomplete Death Star to oversee his construction. The Emperor is first seen in this film as he has the final plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring the young Luke Skywalker to the Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and the droids travel to Tatooine to rescue the frozen Lord of the Lord of the crime lord Jabba The Hutt After Han was rescued and Jabba defeated, Luke returns to Dagobah to find Yoda, who is dying, where he learns the terrible truth, Darth Vader is in fact his father, the rebellious heroes regroup with the Rebel Fleet, now along with other species and races, including the Mon Calamari, the Rebels must make a plan of everything or anything to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando is leading the space attack at the Millennium Falcon, rebellious heroes must deactivate the Death Star shield generator in the Endor Moon Forest. This is where rebels come across the hairy but powerful Ewoks. During both parts of the intense battle, a third battle must occur when Luke voluntarily surrenders to Vader in an attempt to persuade him to leave the Black Side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke must face his father while the Emperor draws his dark emotions. When young Skywalker is about to face his death at the hands of Palpatine, Vader calls his wicked master to save the life of his son. Filled with a deep timeless story of good versus evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged movie that redeems the good in all of us.
