When this movie was originally released, it was promoted with the unimaginative slogan "Dirty Harry is back." Whatever this tone lacks in originality is more than compensated for by its total and total precision. "Sudden Impact" retains all aspects that made Dirty Harry's previous three films so successful, a captivating storyline, strong supporting characters, endless shootings and uninteresting humor. Some of these elements are not only retained but amplified - this is easily the darkest, bloodiest, and most openly right-wing portion of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is a bit intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of franchises. Troubled, Inspector Callahan is forced to "vacation" forced by his superiors to the sleepy coastal town of San Paolo. He is charged with investigating the background of a recent homicide victim who was shot in the genitals before being expelled from his (undoubtedly considerable) unhappiness by a second shot in the head. Early in the movie, audiences are alerted to the identity of the killer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who is hunting down the bad guys who raped her and her sister at a fun fair ten years earlier. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, excerpts that repeat themselves before each new murder. As more bodies begin to appear with the same M.O, it becomes clear to Harry that both the local chief of police and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they are saying. To make things even more complicated, the rapists at once notice who is hunting them and start hitting hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" offers ruthless action from beginning to end. Clint Eastwood directed this film and cleverly deals with a series of scenarios that culminate in a stimulating climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively conveys the mixture of cruelty and fragility that defines her character. That said, it's fair to wonder if another actress (who was not Eastwood's partner at the time) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the role - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd remember as potential candidates. Supporting cast members who drill significantly above their weight include Albert Popwell as partner to Harry, Horace, Paul Drake as psychopath Mick, and Audrie J. Neenan, who steals the scene, which plays the perverse Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the film has some notable problems - some of the subplots (the animosity between Harry and a gang of twenty-something bandits, a mob revenge against him) take up a lot of time in screen and really do not have any bearing for the larger story. Its only real use is to raise body count to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie, it sometimes seems that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he has to use the bathroom. However, the film moves at full speed as it advances and the triangular game of cat and mouse between Callahan, Spencer and his former tormentors is prominent. This second hour makes it clear that a more stripped-down and slightly refocused script would have given "Sudden Impact" the potential to be a first-class neo-noir thriller that could take the series to new levels but still contain more than enough .44 magnum heroism to satisfy Harry's legalists. Instead, we received the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros clearly wanted to do - an elegantly executed but prototypical Eighties action movie, which largely refuses to particularly challenge the intelligence of its target audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the highest grossing of the series at the box office and it's not hard to see why. Although it is not the movie that could have been, this is still great fun for the trigger. Even after repeated displays, it will make your day.
