In Don Siegel's 1971 "Dirty Harry" masterpiece, Clint Eastwood synthesized super-legal, super-legal, unorthodox, nonsense with his role as eponymous inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan. There followed two sequels, the first of which was "Magnum Force," containing the former's delicately politically incorrect attitude, which outraged many critics but excited the audience. The second sequel, "The Enforcer" was tougher again, and was promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of all." This title, however, truly belongs to the fourth film in the series, "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood, which is arguably the most horrible, nasty, violent and dirty of all Harry's films, and, in my humble opinion, the second. -better after the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Attention! SPOILERS ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy woman (Sondra Locke) attracts men to be alone with her. What these men do not know is that mysterious beauty is the old rape victim, yearning for bloody revenge. As fate wants, San Francisco's toughest police officer, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who has been suspended again for infuriating his superiors, spends his leisure time in this little town ... "Sudden Impact" is Callahan's dirtiest film in several respects. The film is extremely violent and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. 44. Magnum to avoid problems, Harry treats the "punks" as they should be treated and even allows a person to escape with several murders because revenge killings are justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood synthesized the coolness and moodiness of "Man With No Name" in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy, and did it again in the Dirty Harry movies. "Sudden Impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's real-life girlfriend, Sondra Locke, fits nicely into the role of vindictive beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who had previously worked with Eastwood in Ted West's cunning "Hang'em High" in 1986, plays the small town police chief. The film also includes a wide range of despicable, truly despicable characters, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan) . without doubt one of the most disgusting and disgusting female characters ever in the movies. Albert Popwell, who threw the bank robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" The scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" is also part of this again, this time as a colleague and friend of Harry. Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest, dirtiest, and probably the most violent of all "Dirty Harry" movies (though "The Dead Pool" is not exactly tame either), and my second favorite after the brilliant original 1971. An absolute must-see for Callahan fans, and highly recommended for all lovers of police thrillers and cinematic bad-assery. My Rating: 8.5 / 10
