Clint Eastwood would again star as Harry Callahan's battle detective, but also directed the fourth entry in the series 'Dirty Harry'. "Sudden Impact" again like the other additions, brings its own distinctive style and tone, but if it's probably the closest thing to the original in its darkest and most decadent moments (and picking up a classic line "Go ahead. ) ?? but some of his humor has been seen to believe. A bulldog? called meathead who pisses and fart. Oh yeah. However, an interesting fact that this entry was only one in series for not having it fully defined in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that of Detective Callahan trying to piece together a murder in which the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. After getting into some trouble with office clerks and causing a stir that has some crime thugs behind his blood. He ordered the license, but falls into a job where he heads to a seaside town of São Paulo, where a murder occurred in the vein (groin bullet and between the eyes) for his case. There he starts to dig the dirt, which leads to the idea of ​​someone looking for revenge. To be honest, I was not so used to taking Eastwood, but after many repetitions, it virtually grew in me to the point of probably being on par with the first sequel 'Magnum Force'. This well-assembled storyline, in fact, gives Eastwood another angle to work on (though it sounds more like a sophisticated version of the vigilante's impromptu running back then), quite literally, with something punitive but dangerously nerve-racking. It's as if he's trying out noir-thriller touches with character-driven traits to help develop the frame of emotionally bubbly and eventual morality. Its use of images is enduring due to its slow and ominous atmospheres. Dark tones, shocking lighting? as the scene toward the end, similar to a western showdown of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new automatic pistol 44) moving toward the stunned prey on the fishing docks. It's an awesome sight that builds fear! Blending the frighteningly cold with simple brutality and hint of humor. He seemed to leave. A big advantage with these films are the dialogues, while I would not call the "Sudden Impact" first-rate, it provides ample bite changes and memorable lines ?? "You're a legend in your mind." You do not love to hear Harry tease a funny joke before pulling his piece. The beating action when it occurs is excitingly shocking and intense? the only way to go and the rhythm flies with few flat passages. Lalo Schfrin would return as a composer (after 'The Enforcer' scored Jerry Fielding) bringing a funky and methodical kick that still blew these somber tracks to a textural soundtrack that had been playing since Bruce Surtees (a regular from Eastwood ). the work behind the camera (where he did a work with 'Dirty Harry') and gives the film plenty of room to beautifully frame the scenes in some flawless accompanying scenes but also create angles angles in those dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as the Callahan dinosaur still punches, going beyond that steel gleam to get the job done and probably showing a little more heart than you would expect from a younger Callahan. In turn, he does not always agree with it. I just found it strange a real change of heart. In front of him is a stupendous performance of his boyfriend at the time Sondra Locke. His turn of traumatic torment (being raped senseless along with his younger sister), is hidden by a vivid and silent intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its outcome. Paul Drake is perfectly menacing and filthy as one of the targeted bandits and Audrie J. Neenan preaches a repulsively outrageous and big-mouth performance. These people are really a bunch of ugly juices. Pat Hingle is strong as the head of the small coastal town. In smaller parts are Bradford Dillman and the pleasantly powerful Albert Popwell (a regular in the series 1-4, but with different characters). How can you forget about it in 'Dirty Harry'? Yeah, he's a bank robber who's at the end of the trademark citation. "Do I feel lucky? Well, you, punk?"
