This final entry in George Lucas's STAR WARS movies is often considered to be the weakest of the batch. However, this is not to say that it is a totally useless entry in the series. On the contrary. Of course, it is not as innovative as its predecessors and a little slower at times, but RETURN OF THE JEDI still offers a lot to secure the price of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the movie, where Luke and his friends rescue Han from Jabba's palace, the Hutt, is a classic. Jabba, a really disgusting bubble of swollen flesh that speaks in his own language, not only makes a great villain but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, much less give the spark and the life we ​​see in the finished product. In fact, what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppets for the various members of Jabba's court, including the intimidating Rancor and the scary monster from the Sarlaac pit. He masterfully builds his climax and makes punches all the time. <br /> <br /> Things get a bit slower around the second act, where Luke learns that he and Leia are related by blood and when we travel to the forest. planet of Endor, home of the affectionate and robust Ewoks. Most of the complaints about what I've read seem to be centered on these furry creatures, as they somehow disturb the tone of the saga. I do not totally agree with this, although this time is probably a little longer than it should be. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a delightfully memorable creation, and watching how they deal with the technology of the Imperial Troops with their simple and natural weapons provides a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> By the time we reach the third act, however, the pace increases again as we intersect between the battle of Ewoks against the troops, Lando and the Rebel Forces launching an attack against the newly completed Star of the Death of the Empire and the final confrontation of Luke with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter is linked to the Jabba Palace sequel as the highlight of the film. Mark Hamill shows his performances once again as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and seeing him as a matured Jedi Knight makes an unforgettable performance. Also, as iconic as the voice of James Earl Jones as Darth Vader, he is rivaled only by the emperor, who looks like a horsehair, played with Ian McDiarmid's frighteningly shrill and scary evil. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this climactic moment, which is appropriately somber and menacingly underlined. STAR WARS films have always set standards for special effects, and the technical work on RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold a candle to their predecessors. The battlefield fights in space are as stimulating as ever, and the fastest bicycle chase in the woods is a knockout. Of course, given that this film was made after NEW HOPE and IMPETRY IMPAIRES BACK, it probably should not be so surprising that special effects have reached an even higher level of excellence. Performance is the classic STAR WARS fare; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher mature and deepen their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers more hilarious moments like C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda only appears in two scenes, but he takes full advantage. And yes, there is also the music of John Williams. <br /> <br /> All said, while RETURN OF THE JEDI hesitates a bit in the middle, the first and third act are presented in style, making this a pretty satisfying end to one of the greatest sagas of all time. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas relaunched the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored (and renovated) "Special Editions", which included additional effects and / or some improvements. Of the three, RETURN OF THE JEDI seems to have caused more commotion to STAR WARS fans. Maybe this may be due to the musical number "Jedi Rocks" (though it's funny if you're not so easily offended) at Jabba's Palace, which, while technically incredible, disrupts the flow of the movie. However, I did like the final assembly scenes, where we see the celebrations of victory taking place on the various planets of the galaxy. This DVD version features even more tweaks - we get to see more final scenes set up (notably on Naboo, where we hear what sounds like Jar Jar Binks yelling "Wesa free!"), And in what is probably the most controversial, Hayden Christensen as the Specter of Anakin Skywalker in the final scenes. Probably due to the intense (and unfair) disdain that fans have for their somewhat unstable work on EPISODE II: THE CLONES ATTACK, it seems inevitable that fans would put that edition on the floor alone. However, if you are watching the STAR WARS saga chronologically (and thinking about it), chances are that you may react a little differently. However, it's an issue that fans have raised, so it's probably best to be warned beforehand. As good as it would be to have Lucas releasing the original versions of these three classic movies, he's still on his feet. with what he said about these revamps being the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and by seeing the STAR WARS movies as a complete saga (as Luke intended), it makes sense to keep them technically and consistently coherent. The original films will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are so much fun if we can give them a chance.
