"Sudden Impact" by director / star Clint Eastwood is an intriguing addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a combination of cinema and raw genius. It is mediocre and silly in parts, bright and classic in others, with engaging and exciting rhythm. There are numerous echoes of the first film here - the "Make My Day" scene recalls "You Feel Lucky," one of the villains is viscerally disgusting as the first Scorpio movie, an actor who played a movie. A small villain in the first returns as Harry's partner - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still at odds with the top echelons of the department, still wicked, but still he is older and more tired. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his internal conflict - a respect and reverence for the law versus a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, both of which are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "What about the rights of the victim?" (Do they outnumber those of the criminal? Vice versa? Depends?). The response of this film was controversial, leading to a continuation (the "Magnum Force", which is very nice), which traced the line between Harry's justice and pure heartless vigilantism. Dirty Harry, like many of Clint's other roles, is the embodiment of revenge, the protector of the defenseless. This film, however, brings back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (played by Sondra Locke) who decides to take revenge on her rape and her incapacitated sister by relentlessly hunt down and execute men (and a woman) Who committed the crime. Without getting into a play-by-play of the whole movie, I'll say that - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" echoes the first film - it actually also sprinkles on little references and internal jokes from the whole series (the confusion about the captain's last name is an example - an intentional joke, I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is cool - has our devious police hero found a soul mate in this watchful lady? And is she a vigilante or a victim justifiably defending her and her sister's stained rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic ending of the series, which I personally (as a fan) found quite exciting. This last scene, by itself, makes the Sudden Impact the legitimate climax of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict featured in the first film. (Not to beat "The Dead Pool" - that great film was a comic and relatively light thriller thriller with Harry Callahan, instead of a character-defining film like this). This movie did well in theaters - the audience in the Reagan era found Harry and his laughter very attractive, and the president himself often quoted "Go ahead, make my day".
