It's a strange thing to see a movie in which some scenes work a bit weakly (if only compared to other films in their legacy), and others in a 'sub-plot' or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and strong. Sudden Impact is one such case in which Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director, shows when he can be at his best, or at his times lessor, when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective story in his Dirty Fame Harry. We started the line 'make my day', and like in the first movie, where your speech 'I feel lucky' was fun and cool the first time and the second time in the end, like nails, here is changed. He gets into another mess with the department, as usual, when he tries to fight the crime 'his' way, in particular with a dinner robbery (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And with a high-speed chase with a citizen bus senior. He said to take a vacation, and that's the last thing on his mind. This whole main plot is not very convincing beyond the expectation of the story and the lines, which only adds to the frustration. But soon his story fuses with the sub-plot that Eastwood develops from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, we learn from some (appropriately) mysterious scenes that she and her timid sister were victims of a cruel and unjust sexual assault (err, rape) , and is elegant, disguised, getting revenge. His scenes and history are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally, when he enters Callahan's plot (he is picking up facts in the same city in which she participates), the film finally finds a focus between the classic form of Eastwood. of well clearly set against evil (though sometimes blurred, to be sure). Eastwood films the flashbacks, not to say too much about them, deftly, in a new and experimental style; Lalo Schifrin's trademark is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It seems almost a couple of times that an artistic sensibility has fit into Eastwood's storytelling style, which helps make the film watchable. <br /> It's a shame, after all, to get more for the expected (or perhaps not expected) points, and by the third act, Callahan does not have much to do except his usual 'is smith .. Wesson ... and I 'shtick. However, with Locke he achieves a very good performance (more subtle and touching than the Gauntlet) and an exciting climax in an amusement park. In a way I do and do not agree with Ebert's remark that it's like a 'music video' in Eastwood's style here. I admit there are comparisons to the simplicity of both, objectivity, but the scenes in which Eastwood breaks are superior to any video clip. It's extravagant, it's hard, it's not up to par with the first two 'Harry' photos, but hey, there could be worse ways to spend a few hours with the .44 master.
