After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction and "Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars," it's hard to believe that the third and final movie in this trilogy can be as good as the other two. but this one really does a good job. The first part of the film solves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate plan of escape that is in agreement with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. So the movie goes back to the rebel alliance and what's going on in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes constructed until the final confrontation of the rebellion with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from anything before that, and this final battle is even more intense than the other films. This climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy, with the greatest risk for rebellion. This is continually changing between a ground-based battle between the ground-based rebel strike crew (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the space battle (including Lando) and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star. , which leads to another duel with Darth Vader. It is really intense, as the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea of ​​Ewoks' overwhelming stormtroopers is a little overdone, it did not seem too unrealistic, since they were more of a distraction than the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to stormtroopers, although they had some luck fighting against they. There is also a twist or two in the end that no one has seen coming, which may not be as impressive as that of "The Empire Strikes Back," but still nicely completes a spectacular trilogy. With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back," this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. The special issue of "Return of the Jedi" focused on what would be good to change, since little of the original really needed it. Fifteen years of technological breakthroughs did not seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration with regard to the grudge scene, and there is still the occasional disappearance of the TIE, but otherwise it was good. Sarlaac's open mouth, which was not threatening, received moving tentacles and an immense fly-head that emerged, which definitely contributed to the suspense. In addition, the disco was taken from Jabba's palace, and the end of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebration across the galaxy rather than just a small village in Ewok, which was the case of the original and that did not happen . really finish a story as big as she deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the overall trilogy is like a great feature film. A third must see for movie fans.
