The watcher has long fascinated the public, in that it evokes a sense of fast and secure justice; good triumphs over evil and the bad guy gets his deserts. It is, in fact, one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He carries a badge and works within the law, but deep down, Harry is a vigilante, imposing justice on 'his' path, which often puts him in conflict with his own superiors, as well as with the criminals he is pursuing. But it is what attracts the public; Anyone who has ever been bogged down in bureaucracy of one kind or another delights to see someone cutting the red ribbon and moving on - even if it's just on the screen. And this satisfaction derived from seeing justice done - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes the Sudden Impact, directed and starring Eastwood, so successful. In this fourth of the series, while working a homicide, Harry finds a real vigilante at work - an individual whose mark of justice parallels his, with one exception: whoever he is, he's definitely not carrying a badge. <br /> <br /> In his own inimitable way, Inspector Callahan once again ended up on the bad side of the department and is ordered to take a vacation. Then he does; as only 'Dirty Harry' can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself right in the middle of a homicide case, which he quickly links to a recent murder in San Francisco because of the singular M.O. employed by the perpetrator. Inexplicably, Harry meets resistance from the local police chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his tactics and methods of great city elsewhere. Not to be dissuaded, however, Harry continues his investigation, which involves a young and talented and talented artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a link between the victims; the hottest question, though, is where does Jennifer Spencer fit the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is at his best here, both front and behind the camera, and is arguably the second best of the five. series of films, right behind the original 'Dirty Harry'. It's been seven years since Harry's last offer (The Enforcer, 1976), but Eastwood steps back into character with renewed ease and vigor. And this definitely benefits from having him in the director's chair, since he is able to regain the essence, not only of his own character, but of that "spirit" that made these films so successful, and does so knowing the territory and establishing a continuity that virtually eliminates this seven-year gap between numbers 3 and 4. As in all the films he directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate rhythm that works perfectly for this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and from the beginning. to finish. <br /> <br /> Joseph Stinson's script is well written and formulated for the 'Dirty Harry' style; the dialogue is agile and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most engrossing since the original "Dirty Harry" as it struggles successfully to play on the very personal aspects of drama, rather than entirely about action. The characters are well-designed and convincing, and of course this is the film that gave us one of Harry's best quotes: 'Go ahead - make my day ...' Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: he lives by a personal moral code, a real individual made of the sort of thing we imagine as the pioneers who settled in this country and made America what it is today. Harry embodies the sense of freedom and justice that we all strive for, and we remain so dear, possibly more than ever. No matter who we are or where we came from, there is undeniably a part of us who wants to be Harry, or at least have him around. "Dirty Harry" is a movie icon, and it is impossible to imagine anyone other than Eastwood portraying him; for better or worse, Eastwood "is" Dirty Harry, no doubt, just as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. Sondra Locke is totally effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, an unjust and avenged young woman, or as she sees it, "justice." She manages to bring a hard-edged determination laced with vulnerability to her character, with a compelling, introspective approach that is far beyond what is typical of the `action 'genre. Even in the midst of violence, Locke focuses on Jennifer and the traumatic events that brought her to this stage of her life. His portrait makes a perfect complement to Harry of Eastwood, and becomes, in philosophy and action, something of his counterpart. <br /> <br /> In supporting roles, two performances stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best. psycho 'from the dynamic portrait of Andy Robinson's serial killer in the original' Dirty Harry '. With a very limited screen time, Drake establishes a genuinely disconcerting presence that is believable and convincing, which adds a lot to the purely visceral response of the audience. This is the guy you can not wait to see Harry take care of in the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes her character, Ray Parkins, the epitome of the proverbial 'low life' that can be found in any bar in any city. It's a performance that evokes a visceral response, and greatly increases the credibility of the film as it helps provide that necessary sense of realism. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace) Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With a perfect blend of drama and action, "Sudden Impact" dispenses justice that is a satisfying truce of reality; the perfect justice of a world not so perfect, which contributes to a satisfying cinematic experience. 9/10
