Who says zombies can not be converted into useful members of the community? Certainly not the creators of "Fido," which lead us to a never-landed version of the 1950s, where the undead were transformed into stewards and servants for the growing middle class. Timmy Robinson is the all-American boy who clings emotionally to the family's new home - a newly resurrected zombie that Timmy nicknamed Fido affectionately. All this was made possible by Zomcom, a big brother organization that found a way to make zombies (originally brought to life by the radiation of outer space) manageable and docile - at least most of the time. <br /> <br /> This distorted touch of modern day in the TV series "Lassie" - which could easily have been titled "A Boy and His Zombie" - maliciously displays satirical rumors on issues prior to the 1960s. social obsessive (keeping-with-messengers here means having more zombie servants than neighbors), sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civic affairs, corruption in small towns, and nuclear family values ​​in one setting beautifully designed with colorful houses and immaculately manicured lawns. The film does not reach the audience with its message nor does it engage in endless hyperbole to generate laughs. Instead, it is a subtle and discreet satire that provokes appreciative laughter instead of full belly laughter. Much of the humor stems from the incongruity between the placidness of the setting and the arrogant attitude toward death demonstrated by the excellent citizens of the community (Life Magazine was replaced by a periodical entitled Death Magazine). Despite some amusingly graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence we commonly associate with the 1950s and low-budget horror films that were part of the pop culture scene of that decade. K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are kind and handsome as Timmy's wide-eyed and his parents Cleaver-esquire (with slightly sinister tones), while Billy Connolly accomplishes the almost impossible task of bringing a lot of humanity and depth for the role of a resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> That's what "Lassie" could have been if Timmy's best friend had been hit by rage.
