In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we are introduced to a London where the lazy and the strongest and most powerful are forced to fight versions of carnivorous and reanimated corpses of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that zombies are harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents us with an epilogue for "Shaun" set in America of the 50's, in a witty and original hilarious "what if ...?" movie. <br /> <br /> The film takes place in post-zombie-apocalypse for a change; after the terrors of the Zombie Wars, ended with the creation of the company ZomCon and its patented zombie necklaces, which make corpses as docile as lambs. Every city in the world is surrounded by the Wild Zone, the once fertile landscape torn apart by the surviving zombies and the remnants of apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is the typical suburb of the 50's, with a small difference; social status is measured by the number of domesticated zombies in a family. Unfortunately, the Robinson family does not have zombies due to its patriarch, Bill, fear of the reanimated dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen suffer from the pressures of suburban life, until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. <br /> <br /> The zombie wins Timmy's love when he rescues him from a pair of violent bullies, and the two form a bond to rival the classic cliché of "boy and dog" ... a boy and your zombie. Timmy names his "pet" Fido, and he soon becomes an aid to Timmy and Helen escaping from the prison routine that Bill has put them. But when Fido's domestication collar goes away and devours the aging Mrs. Henderson, The Robinsons have to contain their connection to the sudden epidemic of wild zombies and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> A film whose sharp wit and satirical blood carries him as much as his cast of stars (including Matrix's Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a zom-com for all ages. With some rather distorted subplots - for example, the sweet and disturbing feelings Helen and Fido begin to have for each other - and a poignant commentary on the suburbs of the 1950s and the zombie genre, the film manages to show the worst (and best ) in your characters while still allowing you to take care of them. "Fido" is by far one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and the best zom-com ever since the incredible "Shaun of the Dead ".
