OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover for Fido, honestly when I came across her at the video store I was tempted to rent that movie, but nothing about it really caught my eye. But when I was looking around on Netflix, they were announcing this like crazy, if I liked scary "goofy" movies, then I figured I'd just give it a try. I'm so glad I watched it, this was just a great movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so charming to watch. As I said, it's Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great concept, what happens after a mega-zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun making the zombies stay as citizens "by hand." This is a very neglected horror / comedy movie, I think a lot of people were so impressed with Shaun of the Dead that it worked. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and made it into a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> In an alternate universe of the 1950s, where space radiation turned the dead into zombies. This radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into the undead. In order to continue living normal lives, communities are surrounded with the help of a government corporation called Zomcon. Zomcon provides necklaces with remote controls to control zombie flesh hunger so they can be used as slaves or servants. In Willard's town, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie, despite her husband's zombie phobia Bill. His son, Timmy, befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido". One day, Fido's collar breaks down and he kills the neighbor on the side, which turns into zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombie neighbor. When a pair of local bullies are blamed for their missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and rescues Timmy and Fido from the bullies and they try to forget the whole thing. Several days later, the body of the neighbor is found and the murder goes back to Fido, who is taken to Zomcon, where the public is informed that it will be destroyed. Timmy learns from a friend that Fido is simply working at a factory in Zomcon. Timmy leaves to rescue him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I really recommend this movie if you get a chance to see it, it's so silly but a lot of fun. Billy Connelly did a great job as Fido and really brought, without pun intended, a lot of life for the character. I think the scene that made me laugh was when Timmy had to bury the old lady that Fido attacked and killed, her last words to her were so funny, "you were not cool, but you liked flowers then?" And he buries her in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, wrong, but classic laughter. I still love how even though it's like the Leave It To Beaver-esque world, there's still so much blood in the movie. So if you get the chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
