As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to take a look. Well, I heard about it, so I found the trailer. After that, that's when I knew I had to see it. And I'm so glad that I did. Do you want to watch classic television mixed with zombies? Not? So get lost. <br /> <br /> Fido is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, it's kind of. It's like an episode of Lassie and a Zombie movie. Although when combined, it seems completely new and original. FIDO is about a boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, this new pet is not a parakeet or a trained puppy. It's a re-animated dead guy ... a zombie. A large cloud of radiation engulfed the Earth, which led to all the dead rising, which followed the Zombie Wars. Although through the genius of Reinhold Giger, chief scientist of ZomCon, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, giving us the advantage and victory in the Zombie War. Although due to the persistent radiation, whoever dies becomes a zombie. This can be a problem especially with the elderly. Although Zomcom increases again with more advancements, especially with the Taming Collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and thus making it harmless as a domestic animal. But not everything is perfect in this zombie Utopia, necklaces break, old people die and ... well, I'll let you watch this incredibly unique movie. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea that has come true. With a cast of stars, and great writing FIDO rises above the most in the comedy / horror genre. There are many funny and original situations that really amused me. Although after seeing the film, I personally think the film would have been better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not go on for long and moves from scene to scene at a good pace. It will probably end up being a classic type of cult, since it's not really a comedy of laughter aloud or even a horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie movie immersed in the 1950's vibe. If you thought anything I said here was interesting by all means check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, swing your leg back and stay there. 8.5 out 10
