When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is the undisputed master and his latest Star Wars movie is very, very good (and more appropriately rated compared to the two previous films of the original saga). Having recently seen Revenge of the Sith really puts this movie in perspective. The final battle seems even more climactic, knowing what Anakin Skywalker passed in the Emperor's manipulative hands. It also makes the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitter, considering the love he felt for Padmé and the love she felt for her children. In fact, while the new films (especially Episode II) are inferior to the original films, they are good for just one reason. They make the old movies look even better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill does an exceptional job in this film. It really brings the changes Luke has gone through that look real. In all honesty, I believe he should have become a great actor based on these films because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you may feel that he made Raiders and Blade Runner between the last two chapters of Star Wars because he seems to have grown up a bit. He adds more comedy (obviously inspired by Raiders) to the character who works brilliantly. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher has never really been a good actress, but she does a decent job and is certainly acceptable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this movie and having seen Episode III I can safely say that he is one of the most talented villains of all time. James Earl Jones still gives the voice to Vader and he is still very, very good. <br /> <br /> In terms of how the movie seems to be safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than either. previous films (two), but has always been the best for Lucas, which is to be expected. The final battle over Endor is very well done in terms of both general effects and tension. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to do three battles at the same time that it increased the general tension of the climax. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is dragging the film out of a deserved 9 are the Ewoks. These little creatures are so annoying they almost ruin all the scenes they are in. Also, I think it's a bit for kids when a group of teddy bears with bows and arrows can defeat a squad of Storm Troopers with laser weapons and powerful machinery. All in all Return of the Jedi is a very good movie, but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less talented director than Irvin Kershner makes the overall feel of the film less than brilliant. Also George Lucas's stupid decision to add the Ewoks to the universe makes the movie fall short of brilliance. <br /> <br /> 8/10
