A year ago, I was watching the TV news when a report was released about a zombie movie being filmed in my area. Since then, I have given special attention to this film called "Fido", which ended production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago Fido started playing at my local theater. And, yesterday, I read a newspaper article saying that Fido is not attracting audiences in its limited release, except for our local theater. In fact, here are all the other shows at The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this makes sense, since many locals want to see their city on the screen or see themselves wandering through the makeup of the zombies. And for any other place that has not yet seen Fido, but considering, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from school to city park and to the forbidden zone, which you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley beautiful. That's pretty scenery in a zombie movie! However, Fido itself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most of the other 20 movies that are playing in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a clever premise. And the film goes even further, taking advantage of the 1950s by emphasizing compliance and playing the paranoia of the Cold War that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it is based on the notion that zombies can be tamed or trained, which George Romero first introduced on the Day of the Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a small town boy who's mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) yearns for a zombie servant so she can be like all the other wives of the house on her block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea, since he had to kill his own 'zombie father'. Eventually, the family gets a zombie named 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly), and fits life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the cast. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, desire, hatred and loyalty only with his eyes, heavy body and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play understated characters better than his outrageously comic ones. This is your best role since Mrs. Brown. Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms like Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being someone who enjoys Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae movies more than those of Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor over blood in my horror. However, I understand the critics of the horror fans who feel that there is not enough undead carnage in Fido. However, I am sure that patient viewers will be rewarded for the gentle humor of the movies. <br /> <br /> The film unfolds in its third act. It's as if writers were so caught up in the cute premise of domesticated zombies in the 1950s that they forgot the arc of history. However, given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the neighborhood on screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
