I suppose the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is that its release date is confusing. Frankly, I'm glad Fido was chosen for distribution in the US. Anyway ... <br /> <br /> Ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Good. How about Lassie? Able to reconcile the two? Well, if you can your name might be Andrew Currie, Canadian's first zombie-themed comedy, or zomedy comedy. (Seriously, that's what the press book in Toronto called.) Although not as violent, dry, or British as Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains true to its roots: a devotion to the old black and white television 1950s, including Lassie and infamous sci-fi pulp that was being pumped out during the period. <br /> <br /> Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) are proof of the brilliance of the script. The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world where zombies were converted to servants because of the large number of them due to a strange accident. Why would you use your new undead servant? A butler? Handwork? A pet? Unspeakable acts? Fido addresses all of these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly elegant way, thank you very much to the work of Connelly (as one of the zombies) and the young TV actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seems to be a better young man than Elijah himself Wood. young Elijah Wood was. <br /> <br /> If you're expecting another Shaun of the Dead, do not waste your time. There is enough gore and nudges in the genre to satisfy you and you will leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you're willing to take a look at what happens to Shaun of the Dead as he jumps across the lake, you're in for a surprise. Think of Fido as the most sensitive brother, most often beaten, of the rebel loser of Shaun of the Dead, and you are beginning to understand. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, small children and lots of blank satire, Fido is the movie for you. If that's not the case ... well, you know what to do. Just hit the squares between the eyes.
