A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away ... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original movie "Star Wars" was released. He does not remember seeing the movie for the first time, but he also does not remember the life before him. He remembers the first "Star Wars" themed gift he got ... a shoebox full of action figures from the original setting. He was too young to appreciate how special this gift would be. But years later, he got what is still one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the twelve endings he needed to complete his collection. Now legendary in this boy's family as the last action figure he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped being produced and loaded in the stores, and how that kid went for about ten years (until he went to college) trying to track down and finally buy someone on your dorm floor for a sack of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's a Northern Illinois University thing). <br /> <br /> I can not review "Star Wars" as a movie. He represents absolutely everything good, fun and magical about my childhood. There is no way to separate it in my mind from Christmas, birthdays, summers and winters growing. In the winter, my friends and I built snowflakes and pretended that we were in Hoth (I was always Han Solo). The father of my friends built them a tree house, and this served as the village of Ewok. They also had a huge pine tree whose lower branches were tall enough to create a kind of cave underneath it, and this made it a great place to pretend we were at Yoda's house. I'm blatantly dumb when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people just understand it or not. I do not understand the appeal of "The Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek," but I do understand the rabid bands of fans who follow them because I'm a fan of George Lucas's movies. <br /> <br /> I do not feel the need to defend my opinion of these films as the greatest of all time. Every time I put them on the DVD player, I feel like I'm eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was figuring out how I would find an Anakin Skywalker figure. <Br /> <br /> Grade (for the whole trilogy): A +
