Perspective is a good thing. Since the release of "Star Wars, Episode I: The Phantom Menace," allegations and counter-declarations of how Episode II and III will happen have taken the spotlight on "original" Star Wars films, making them part of a all cohesive rather than segregating old and new films into separate trilogies. What the new films did was allow new perspectives to be put on the older films. This new perspective allows us to better appreciate what is often seen as the weakest of the original trilogy: "Return of the Jedi." Often ridiculed for its overly "fluffy" factor, ROTJ is in a sense as strong as the original and just a little less impressive than the almost perfect "The Empire Strikes Back". In fact, the "fluffy" element of the ROTJ, that is, the Ewoks, remains a weak link throughout the series. George Lucas put the hairy dwarfs in the film purely for the possibilities of merchandising? Only he can answer that question. <br /> <br /> This cute factor aside, the film is a brilliant full circle and evolution of the saga. After completing "The Empire Strikes Back," Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) follows his friends from the Rebel Alliance to Tatooine, his home planet, to rescue Han Solo (Harrison Ford), the space pirate who became a rebel hero who was captured by Jabba the Hutt for outstanding debts. Skywalker is a changed man since leaving Tatooine with Ben Obi Wan Kenobi (Alec Guiness) to fight against the evil empire. Now all wrapped in black, Luke's discovery of his origins left him confused and divided. Its psychological makeup is not as strong as its outward appearance suggests. Although he can always help his rebellious friends, he longs for another chance to confront the evil Darth Vader again despite his lack of certainty as to whether he will destroy him or eventually turn to the Black Side and join Vader next door of the Emperor. First scenes on Tatooine are impressive, from Jabba's lair to its floating palace and the 'all-powerful Sarlac' - an intenstina living in the sand. Lucas's improvements in the film in 1997 actually worsened the overall effect of Sarlac, making it look fake and overdone. <br /> <br /> The battle scene in Tatooine is excellent, and is one of the most memorable in the movie. saga. Luke almost alone annihilates Jabba and his cronies, proving his dexterity as a Jedi is now almost complete. When Luke returns to the Degobah system to visit Yoda again, the viewer is disappointed by Yoda's distinct lack of screentime. Undoubtedly, the star of "The Empire Strikes Back", Yoda is virtually erased from the story as the progression of Luke's fate is played on the screen. <br /> <br /> ROTJ is actually Luke's movie, maybe even more than the original. His journey takes the film as it nears its confrontation with Darth Vader and his fate. The other rebel characters certainly work in their shadow. The novel between Leia (Carrie Fisher) and Solo is almost non-existent, unlike "Empire." In fact, only Leia's character is developed in ROTJ, Solo's character seems to fade as the facets of his personality became very familiar in the first two films. <br /> <br /> Their roles are meant to work alongside the Rebels to destroy. a new Death Star approaching completion. This time the emperor himself is overseeing the final stages of construction. The Empire intends to crush the Rebellion once and for all while the Emperor himself plans to bring the now-mighty Skywalker to his side to work alongside (or is this to replace?) Darth Vader. The Emperor is a different kind of evil for this film, less cunning than Governor Tarkin (Peter Cushing) of "Star Wars," more profoundly psychologically gloomy than anything else. Played brilliantly by Ian McDiarmid, the Emperor is just one of those characters you love to hate. <br /> <br /> All the other actors are well entrenched in their roles. Hamill surprises as more experienced Luke, making the progression of his character of weeping teenager, impatient student to enlightened warrior, one of the few real developments of the series. Ford's role is dwindling, as all his charm and charisma were spent on the first two films - after all, he was the REAL star in the first film. Read from Fisher is more a prop, at least until the end of the movie, where she learns things about herself that she was never sure about ... Add in favorites like Alec Guiness as Kenobi, Yoda and the adorable Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2D2 and the series resembles a family more than a cast. <br /> <br /> Despite the battle of the tacky forest of the film involving the Ewoks and the Empire, it ends well and includes a three-way battle sequence: Endor, Space and Death Star, each with very impressive special effects. The music, as always, is brilliant and captures the mood perfectly at all times. Just as the "Blue Danube" worked perfectly for "2001: A Space Odyssey", John Williams' soundtrack is as much a part of "Star Wars" folklore as the lightsabers and the Force. Lucas left the open end to interpretation, meaning that there could be more episodes done. In fact, science fiction fans have created their own versions of Episodes VII, VIII and IX in their heads over and over again. ROTJ works when given a chance, and cuddly animals apart is a good end to the series. <br /> <br /> When all six episodes can be seen together, this saga may be the best of all. Already? The addition of episode I changed the scenario of the series. That is why "Return of the Jedi" can now be seen in a different light and receive a whole new appreciation almost 20 years after its release.
