If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, many scary moments and ceaseless scenes of excruciating death, look elsewhere. If you like calm, temperamental and thoughtful terror that leaves the blood aside in favor of a genuine feeling of dread, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, stressed out George, his psychoanalytic wife Kim and his little son Miles are going to the snow-covered field for a long holiday weekend away from the city. On the way, George hits a deer with his car. The hunters who were chasing the deer are not thrilled when they find out that George has finished his pursuit. In particular, the demented hunter Otis takes this personally. He follows the family to his vacation home, making sure to see him. He spies George and Kim while they have sex. He shoots through his windows with his rifle when they are not at home, allowing them to discover the sinister holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the drugstore in town, Miles is drawn by a small sculpture in a shop window, carved to remind a man with the head of a deer. A Native American tells Miles that this is Wendigo, a forest spirit who tastes like flesh and is always hungry. Miles takes the figure home with him, already haunted by the deer's death the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father ride on a sleigh, George is shot, and Miles goes through the woods for an ill-concealed creature ... or is he just in shock and imagining the whole thing? Hours later, George is rushed to the hospital and Miles, still holding his statue, faints, dreams or goes in search of a vision, in which the Wendigo returns. This time, the meat and meat eater - part, deer and part man - is hunting Otis, who finally went to the limit. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made film, almost totally silent, but for the wind howling through the snow-covered trees. Okay, so the monster itself is the fake type, but it's a little flaw, more than offset by the genuine sense of tension and dread creeping through every frame of the movie, and the mysterious backdrop of the silent, snowy field. The performances are great, particularly by Jake Weber as the moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but senseless wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this movie powerful. Watching this movie is like watching someone's home videos, so realistic are the performances. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people may feel totally bored, waiting for the horrendous Lovecraftian Beast and for the bloody revenge that never comes. We can never really be sure if the Wendigo exists, seen as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and also, later, through the eyes of a madman. This is more of a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has scary elements more than enough to satisfy fans of subtle horror.
