Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) are going to the country for the winter weekend of the metropolis of Manhattan. On the way, they hit a dollar and get stuck in the snow. A group of hunters who were tracking the money came along. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is mad because the accident broke the male's horns. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis and, even worse, we quickly learn that Otis learned where they are staying. Meanwhile, Miles receives a wendigo (a sort of spirit / monster of Indian shape change) by an Indian that only he saw. Is Otis a psycho to catch our heroes? Are there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a lot of attractive problems for the viewers. It's a reasonably low budget movie with technical limitations often displayed. Much of the film, and maybe all of that, is not really about the titular creature. And perhaps the fatal blow for many people has a very ambiguous ending with a number of unanswered questions. If you are discouraged by such endings, and you do not like movies that are meant to make you think and discuss what it all means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies. Like that. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing is aimed at those who want a fast and scary creature movie where they expect a great battle with some supernatural monster defeated at the end, and everything is well organized except an opening for Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but it's not what this movie is. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature film would suggest to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. The poem Frost, and George's comment that Frost can evoke images and complex atmospheres of seemingly simple things, is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the movie is its complexity. In a way, there are four different movies occurring at the same time, one segment of each character. In George's line, he's not exactly the happiest or nicest guy in the world, and he has some problems with his parents. For him, the film is a realistic and horrible descent of his life going from bad to worse. In line with Patricia, she is looking for the rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist who often denies the problems around her, hoping they will disappear and improve. On the topic of Otis, he is even sadder than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the final "crack" in his psychological armor. And in the segment of Miles, which is probably the most important of the film, life is like a great poem due to its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But this is a horror story after all, albeit with a flicker of hope, and the events in the film give Miles's poetic interpretations a grim change. Still, when all is said and done, he seems to be the one to maintain composure, due to the poetic perspective. <br /> <br /> Although the film is low budget, there are many works well executed. budget ambitions. Fessenden and director of photography Terry Stacey find great photos in beautiful locations, and created some interesting slides like mounts (like Indian letters or wendigo pictures from the book). There are also interesting more traditional montages such as Miles's nightmare. Wendigo is better filmed and edited than many big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" in the end worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. Lighting used to be good - there were times when dark scenes were not as clear as they might have been, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the movie (it could have been digital) or transfer. I thought the performances were good and a lot more realistic (if you value that) than most movies. Although I did not really notice the score, it must have been fine, or I would have noticed this with a negative judgment. <br /> <br /> Overall, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be watched without prejudice. , as long as you do not mind having to think about the movies you watch.
