A notable example of cinematic alchemy at work, with a trivial piece of lead script (written by the unparalleled and mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, nothing less) being magically converted into a 24-carat gold piece of exquisitely glittering musical drama thanks to fast directing, new and engaging performances, punctual production values, a flamboyant re-creation of the 50's era in New York, an infectious and effervescent tone with a punch of punch and a truly wonderful rhythm and a blues soundtrack through the great Curtis Mayfield The story, loosely based on the real-life exploits of the Supremes, lays claim to the arduous climb of the wealth of three impoverished black-eyed singers who desperately yearn to escape their lives. a ghetto condition that has not been rewarded and has become great in the world of R & B commercial music. All the obvious evidence of instant wealth and success - egos are rampaging amok, drugs, corruption, struggling to maintain their integrity, and so on. onwards - are predictably paraded but fortunately the uniformly excellent work evident in the other departments of the film almost completely cancels the flat and uninspired plot of Schumacher. The first-class performance helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, vibrant and attractive - and great singers. Comparatively, excellent performances are also presented by Philip Michael Thomas, a charming pre-philosopher, as the patient and gentleman of the group, Dorian Harewood, as the venal, aggressive and loving boyfriend of McKee, and the always perverse Blairist Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem, "" Bucktown ") King as a nasty gangster dangerously smooth, dangerously operating, stone. The tone plunges and fits from funny and moving to melancholy and joyful without ever skipping a beat, cleverly evolving into a brilliant and uplifting ode to the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to effectively overcome extremely difficult and intimidating odds. <br /> <br /> Veteran publisher Sam O'Stern feels superbly in his directorial debut. Bruce Surtees' luminescent cinematography and Gordon Scott's special edition are impeccable. O'Stern's firm grasp of the atmosphere of the period, pointed eye to small, but telling small details, and an infallible sensation of busy and uninterrupted pace are equally impressive. Nor am I deceiving the impeccable contributions of Curtis Mayfield's soundtrack. "Jump", "What I Can Do With This Feeling", "Givin 'Up", "Take My Hand Precious Lord", "Lovin' You Baby" and "Look Into Your Heart" are all terribly melodious, almost unbelievably fantastic songs, with the sweet and sensual love jones number "Something He Can Feel," which was later covered both by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, clearly outperforming top music honors as the greatest music of all time. The net result of all these attributes cited above convincingly illustrates that sometimes it is not the script as much as what is done with the said script which, in turn, determines the overall quality of the film.
