It was a doubly interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century has never been the central figure in a movie. The closest I can think of films with Einstein in them are CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (as an "ex-ma-china god") the great man is heard enlightening a spot on a radio program, so that Ronald Colman is proven Demos the right answer, and in BULLSHOT, where the great Albert is one of the top twelve physicists and scientists drugged with marijuana by the villain, with the intention of stealing some machines from them. It is remarkable that in these two cases, and in IQ, we are dealing with comedies. So far no one has attempted to make a serious film about Einstein's life, such as John Huston's attempt to make one in FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it's very difficult to make the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electromagnetic field theory turn into exciting dialogues. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer made a BEAUTIFUL MIND. Maybe no one really tried. <br /> <br /> (* Subsequently, after writing this, I remembered the hit comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago, but that's an exception and it was a scam.) <br /> <br /> The other surprise was the actor playing the great Albert. It was Walter Matthau, here taking time out of the series of films he made with Jack Lemmon in that last decade of his careers. Matthau was a highly capable and talented actor, both in comedy and drama, but usually his comic characters were variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich of THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They were conniving and gonifs. Later, they would get rid of their criminal proclivities, because we'd come to like them, but they were still grumpy. But his Albert Einstein is genuinely sweet. More like his Kotch than like Willie Clarke. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert as good old Uncle Albert. It seems that Einstein of Matthau is living in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and she is seeing a boring teacher named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs, and they take him to the workshop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls in love with Ryan, who is attracted to him - but discovers that he does not have the mental equipment she admires. Good old Uncle Albert, aided by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks) decides to give his assistance to Robbins and make him a genius of seemingly unrecognized physics. This will open the door to the romance between him and Ryan as long as Ryan is impressed and Fry does not ruin things (as he hopes to do). <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet, as when Matthau and his companions play. a super physics test that they help Robbins betray (by changing the positions of their bodies). The plot eventually leads to the blatant lie that the brilliant Robbins built a rocket powered by atomic energy - which brings the nation's interests to the figure of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). charming comedy, and an interesting snippet to Matthau in that he was not as hyper as normal but much more moderate.
