Yes, you read right, children. Michael Bay should have studied this film before making one of his overly foolish and exaggerated "Transformers" films. "Robot Jox" is better than both and probably cost less than the "Transformers" team used in Megan Fox's personal trainer. Fortunately, this little robotic jewelry, initially known primarily for being the film. the failed studio of Empire Pictures, by Charles and Albert Band, seems to have developed a cult of followers over the years. I fondly remember watching VHS during its initial video release in the early 1990s and although some of the Cold War era political stereotypes were already outdated (the fate of the bands that communism would fall while the movie was sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, eh?), it's still a very cool little B-Movie. They do not really make them any more, or if they do, they go the Bay route and the CGI stuff to unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar, here is the Robo-scoop: We Somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" were banned. Disputes between nations are now resolved as head-to-head (or maybe this should be machine-to-machine) by a representative on each side fighting each other on giant robots of the Shogun Warrior style. Any bot that moves away from the fight gains the "his" side. Gary Graham (who would later play Detective Sykes on the TV series "Alien Nation"), plays "Achilles", the greatest Jock robot in the history of Marketplace (also known as "the good guys"). Achilles was undefeated in his nine previous Robot episodes (ten being the maximum number of battles before a "Jock" retired) and at the beginning of the film he faces his "Confederation" counterpart (ie The Russkies!), The psychotic Alexander (who is the meanest guy in the "evil Russian" stereotype since the infamous turn of Dolph Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The game is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last minute and ends up not only embarrassing Achilles but killing a lot of spectators in the business. A rematch is scheduled to complete the fight, but Achilles simply wants to bow, hang his helmet and move on with his life. Instead of violating the Spoiler Rules, revealing a lot more, I will simply say that there are a lot of twists, backstage scenarios and other hardships for Achilles and his fellow "Jox" before the two robotic titans finally collide again at the end. <br /> <br /> I hope I'm not making this movie a kind of sci-fi masterpiece, because it's not. "Robot Jox" is simply fun. I admit it's a little higher than your science-fiction grade B movie, and although budget constraints occasionally make themselves known (especially in scenes involving some painfully obvious green-screen tricks), it's still the most beautiful film that has ever left the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Robot fighting scenes are very well done using old school motion / stop techniques, and the scenarios and costumes do not look at all stupid. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon were definitely filming the stars with this picture. Unfortunately it did not work out for them (or for the studio), but at least we got a cool little movie out of business. Bottom line: if you want to be harassed audibly and visually for over two hours, feel free to rent a movie "Transformers". In the end, you're likely to feel like you spent all this time watching someone play a video game. If you want to have a rock'em, sock'em robot good time, get the Robot Jox.
