"The Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an old killer who befriends an American businessman (Greg Kinnear), married and happy in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically dubbed "Noble") seems to be a "tough guy" on the surface, he is, in fact, just a mass of neuroses and insecurities, a man who realizes that his chosen profession has left him virtually alone. world and without friends. So, on his birthday, he looks for Danny, a man who lived his life by following the rules and who becomes strangely intrigued by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, the two men find each other the person they never could be, but wish they would become their quietest and weakest moments of self-evaluation. Although the film is somewhat reminiscent of "Analyzing This" and "Midnight Run" to feel totally fresh and original, "The Matador" nevertheless earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of its performance. Brosnan, looking old and almost exhausted, plunges his teeth into Julian's role in ways he has never done before. In interpreting a man who seems constitutionally incapable of establishing a serious connection with another human being, Brosnan is both a gentleman and then genuine and sympathetic in the other. It always keeps us unbalanced so that the mood never becomes crass or rancid. Kinnear is also excellent as Joe Regular's manager, who finds himself increasingly drawn to the dark side as his relationship with Julian deepens. Hope Davis does a good job as "Bean," Danny's loyal and loving wife who, like her husband, finds herself intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure of a world very different from the one she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we feel that "The Matador" is hiding something from us, not exactly the depths of his situation and premise. In the end, it seems a little too light, a bit insubstantial to record the impact it should have. This may be because this is the first feature film for screenwriter and director Richard Shephard, and he has not yet managed the pace of his film. Still, one appreciates the fact that he does not always look for the obvious and that he maintains focus on the two main figures of the play, rarely content with banal setup or easy laughter. "The Matador" is a small but generally entertaining comedy that, hopefully, will signal a new phase in Brosnan's acting career.
