Fassbinder's more generous production sacrifices little of his talent to identify and deconstruct a locus of suffering in long and mobile outlets that somehow also act as social encapsulations; here, is much more evident, since the story takes place in Germany destroyed by the war at the end of World War II, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who capitalizes vulnerabilities (both economic and related to gender) to the catapult up to the ladder of a prominent textile corp. which makes coveted goods, such as the lederhosen, available to the indigent workers (as it once was). Married in the midst of allied air strikes, Maria and her new husband Herrmann are allowed a short honeymoon before he is sent to the Russian front. In her absence, her despair is great: she spends most of her time at the train station, waiting for him to return. When he is pronounced dead, she mourns abruptly and takes a job as a waitress / prostitute in a brothel that caters to the American GI. <br /> <br /> When he returns, things get very confusing, as circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to keep them apart. The message is M.O. by Fassbinder To a large extent: "Love is colder than death," but Mary is not only contending with her own sanity and a husband unable to love her, but a country in deep flow, with no perceptible light at the end of the tunnel . Fassbinder is making some kind of statement about post-war Germany selling the biggest offer, but like all his films, I try to block those elements and focus on the unbearable passions on display: Fassbinder is evoked through his characters; his actors were filtered through his real-life connections with Fassbinder. Together, his films may be unbearable or indescribably mesmeric, often at the same time; this falls somewhere in between, though definitely closer to the latter. Although I did not like it so much as The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly has a greater reach and, moreover, I could feel her passion and authentic details for human emotions.
