The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) marrying a German soldier (Herman Braun) only at the end of the war. After getting married for half day and one night, Herman is sent forward again. To make ends meet, Maria begins working in a bar for mostly American soldiers and meeting a black soldier. She learned that Herman died in the lead, and things developed between her and the American soldier. Herman walks over them in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria killed the American. Herman admits the murder, ends up in jail and Maria promises to wait for him. The country is in tatters; We see people leaving everything they are occupied with a cigarette. There is food shortage. It is in short, a survival time of the strongest. <br /> <br /> Basically, this film projects the attitudes of Mary - those attitudes that it allows under the mentioned circumstances, as a metaphor for the loss of soul of Germany after they have lost the war, and how it rebuilds itself . For example, Mary has the following conversation with a street vendor (played by Fassbinder himself); the peddler tries to sell him an excellent copy of Kleist and she notes that "Kleist burns quickly, does not provide enough heat for the cold." The peddler replies, "That's another way to see it. Now, it's probably the right way." <br /> <br /> Maria meets a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after she gets into the first-class train compartment. She decides to get involved with Karl: "You're not having an affair with me, I'm having an affair with you." She also takes responsibility in the company, and after a while has the full trust of the company. When Karl says "I suppose we'll just have to wait for a miracle," she replies "I'd rather do miracles and then wait for them." In her own words, she became the "Hari Mata of the economic miracle." In many of Fassbinder's films, he attempted to expose the psychological processes behind social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to point his camera at the shit, the false social mechanisms, the pretense. The direct approach Mary makes in this film is successful in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls Karl and when he answers the phone, her request is straight to the point "I need someone to sleep." As Fassbinder said, "the emotions people felt did not exist at all and it was just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we needed to be members of society functioning properly." He also commented that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I particularly liked the scene where Karl and Maria meet in the Munich restaurant (apparently, often visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears in control and Karl is a bit down, as if Maria's "brutal honesty" was wearing him down, as if he was not quite up to the task. Karl says "I have to tell myself over and over that I love life". Maria responds "Life is not like this, as if we were signing a contract to enjoy life, and then we went out to eat and talk about food." I think this is also about Fassbinder's attitudes in relationships, never to submit completely to anyone. And why do you, if the central question of most of your films is about "What does love become in this society? A commodity, an instrument of power, a weapon." <br /> <br /> It has been noted that it is typical for Fassbinder to have scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive dresses in the ruins after the war - with these clothes essentially at the wrong time. What I think he wanted to portray here were those attitudes, when you feel bad, that "you can always put on your makeup and face the day with a great look". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistake made in a movie can be fixed in the next project. Since he completed movies (about 4 a year) in the same way that other people have rolled out cigarettes, it's not curious that this movie has some really bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park at night. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant as Mary. Mostly she just looks directly at the camera. In Maria's own words: "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it that way." <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a deer attack, Herman finally appeared. (Herman left for Australia after he left prison to "become human again.") After the will is delivered (made for her and Herman in half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights her cigarette. and explode it and Herman. To me, it's obvious she did it by accident. At the same time, she must have been shaken when her dreams finally seem to come true. She must have felt like she was not herself anymore. She felt as if she had survived herself.
