Maria Braun got married well in the middle of the fight around her and her husband Hermann. An explosion crossed the building to begin with, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers on a pile of rubble in the street. Perhaps this may seem like a heavy metaphor for what is to come: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is an engagement in which the husband goes out to war and is kept in a Russian prison camp, inaccessible to the impotent but hopeful and proud Mary, who stands by the depressing wreckage of the train station while some arrive at home, others The problem arises, as in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see Mary (unusually beautiful Hanna Schygulla in this role) take a double face: she'll stand by her man, even if it means working in a bar for the American GI, and even after hearing from a fellow soldier that Hermann died, she'll still be at his side while she sleeps with a man. GI black and comes close to taking his son (that is, of course, until he reappears and a murder occurs and he takes the rap so she can be safe), or working for a German businessman (actually friendly Ivan Desny) making her lover and rising star in the company. Mary will do whatever it takes to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say that there is nothing about Mary that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all of that becomes interchangeable for Mary. She is like the feminist who has her cake and eats it with a sensual smile: she manages to have a husband more or less (actually, much less until the last ten minutes of the movie) while getting things - a man who always adores her who can, a new and expensive house with employees, a desk, money - that the others around you are not getting due to already being with a man or very weak in a position to climb anywhere (like the desk, interesting by Fassbinder's own mother. <br /> <br /> Mary is sexy, confident and alone, with an idealized life against a life that should be made in the shade. <br /> <br /> She says the two men - the American soldier and the poor and old Oswald - that she likes them, and at the same time will be left by those roses that the confused and introverted husband Hermann sends from Canada, after being released from prison ... It creates a profile that a feminist would love to deceive, but understands where it comes and goes to the end. Fassbinder employs this inherent contradiction, and moments with Mary seem to go against the conventions of a melodrama (eg, Hermann entering the jubilant and semi-naked Maria and GI is almost a masterpiece of a scene, with Mary's reaction not of surprise or guilt but of pure bliss to see that he is there and much less alive) to his weapons as director of such a high-level mental technique with a plot that should be predictable. But it's not true. It's like a great metaphor for a country that, after the war, could not really move to normalcy. Sometimes Fassbinder puts the sound of the radio in the background, and we see Maria walking around the family house, the agitation around her, and the radio speaks of a divided Germany, of still very unstable things, of a disorder. . Maybe the only way to deal with it is overkill, or maybe it's just my interpretation of it. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say, in fact, under Schygulla's gaze and eyes, anyway. It's an incredible performance, in fact, one of those attractions that captures the glamor and fascination of a former Hollywood female star with the careless ethics of a street girl. The most revealing are the opposing costumes you see in a scene when she is finally with her husband where she stars in one of those super black lingerie and high heels, and then moves on to a dress without even thinking about it. This is almost the essence of what Mary is, and Schygulla does it wonderfully well, a stubborn but somewhat loving figure who is adored and perplexed by the men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; Although I may prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun may be as good as a character study, of what makes a woman beat and not (almost) lose.
