One of the most important artistic movements in film history was undoubtedly German Expressionism, the highly atmospheric style of filmmaking developed during the 1920s in Berlin. Classic movies like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and while the movement did not have a long life, its enormous influence on the cinema can still be felt today, especially in the genre Horror. One of the key figures of this style would be director Paul Wegener, director of Der Golem of 1920, Wie Er in die Welt Kam, as in his directorial debut, seven years before doing that classic, he was already doing experiments with expressionism in movie. This initial prototype of German expressionism was, incidentally, another horror film: "Der Student von Prag". "Der Student Von Prag" ("The Student of Prague"), is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with a reputation for being the best fencer in Prague, but who always financial problems. One day, Balduin rescues the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse left her by accident. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon discovers that she will have to compete with her wealthy cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he can not offer much, Balduin wants to be rich, and that's when a sorcerer named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) comes on the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduino infinite wealth in exchange for whatever he finds in his bedroom. Balduin accepts the proposal, only to discover with horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Vaguely inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's "William Wilson" tale and the classic legend of "Faust", the story of "Der Student von Prag" was conceived by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the earliest writers to regard the script as valid as any other form of literature. Written at a time when cinema in Germany was still being developed as an art form, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a real disposition to use the cinema to tell a fully developed story plus a camera trick or a series of scenes . Like most writers of his time, Ewers' script is still heavily influenced by theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from that style. Although somewhat poor in his character development (especially in supporting characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in the person of Balduin. While "Der Student Von Prag" was Paul Wegener's directorial debut and Stellan Rye's second film as a filmmaker, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what cinema could do when done correctly. Giving great use to Guido Seeber's cinematography, the two young filmmakers create a powerful Gothic atmosphere that predicts what the German filmmakers of the next decade would do. Wegener would learn many of the techniques he would employ in his Golem series of Seeber and Rye. Despite having very limited resources, Rye and Wegener are able to create an incredible and very convincing visual effect (for the time) for the scenes with the Balduin reflex (also interpreted by Wegener). As a seasoned stage actor, Wegener leads the cast with great talent and also tries to move away from the stagy style of previous filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Like Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the film. Certainly it helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the writer, but it can not be denied that Wegener was very good in his role of poor student who loses more than his reflection mirrored in that contract. John Gottowt plays the sinister Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that fits the character like a glove. Few say about Scapinelli in the movie, but Gottowt is keen to inform us that he is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate, with Grete Berger being almost average as Countess Margit, and Lothar Körner making a poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was very good in his expressive character and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that the character of Lörner should have had. <br /> <br /> Considering the films that were being made in those years in other countries and the fact that his remake (made 13 years after this movie) is superior in every way possible, it is not difficult to understand why " Der Student Von Prag "did not stand the test of time as well as other old films. The main problem of the film is definitely its extremely low budget since it resulted in the film being considerably shorter than what the Ewers story needed to be fully developed. This makes the plot feel a bit vague at times, or even incomplete, as if something were missing in the narrative (of course, there is also the possibility that the existing impression is actually incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting initial attempt at a complex tale of horror and suspense in the film which, although inferior to what other filmmakers were doing at the time, left a powerful impression on history. As a direct predecessor of the German Expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance that "Der Student Von Prag" has in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may seem dated even for the time, but considering the limited resources that its director had, is actually better than most movies of that era. Like the film that began the career of Paul Wegener, and with this German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" is a must see for anyone interested in this slice of film history. 7/10
