1927, and Hollywood was on the map as the center of the film world for little more than a decade. Now that it had become the site of a multimillion dollar industry and the vertically integrated studio system had been established, some of those in the quieter neighborhoods of the film production plant were taking the time for a bit of self-reflection. The Last Command, although his heart may be the classic story of a man who has already been honored and endured difficult times, casts this tale into a grim look at how cinema re-creates reality without ceremony and how its production process could be ruthlessly pitiless . It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on the scene long enough to know. <br /> <br /> To take center stage is a man who was at the time among the most famous immigrants in Hollywood? Emil Jannings. Before coming to the United States, Jannings had worked primarily in comedy, being a hammy master, albeit in a hilarious and well-performing way, often as pompous authority figures or elders. He makes his entrance into the Last Command as the last, and at first it seems that this is another of the caricatures of Jannings' scenario. However, as the story progresses, the actor manages to demonstrate his reach, showing in turn delicate fragility, serene dignity, and eventually awesome power and presence in the end. It never ceases to be an exaggeration (the tradition of German acting without knowing anything about subtlety), but he constantly keeps our attention with absolute control over every facet of his performance. The director was another immigrant, although one who was in Hollywood a little more and had no experience in the European film industry. Nonetheless, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of the artistic and imperious Kino Meister (the "von" was invented, by the way), and took a very different approach to art. It is noteworthy in this photo its manipulation of rhythm and tone, a great example being the first of scenes of Russian flashbacks. We open with carefully constructed chaos, with movements in convergent directions, from which the audience becomes part, as the camera retreats and the extras run through the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything calms down. Jannings' performance is unbelievably calm and measured, and when the players around him begin to mirror this, the effect is as if his mere presence had restored order. Sternberg seems to show a dislike for violence by allowing the more sombre moments to happen off-screen, and yet implying that they happened with a stream of images that is almost poetic. In fact, he seems to have a lack of interest in action. In the scene of the prisoners' revolt, Sternberg takes a distant and objective stance, with his camera finally retreating to a flying position on the wall. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex mix of point-of-view shots and intense close-ups, pushing us into the middle of their interaction. As a set, it seems that Sternberg was very much like the cold and insensitive director screened by William Powell, and in fact, Powell's portrait is probably a sort of deliberate parody that even Sternberg himself would have entered. Unfortunately, this harsh attitude has not made him an easy man to work with, and along with his focus on his technical resources on humans, the smaller performances in his photos leave a little to be desired. While Jannings shows the classic hamming in Charles Laughton mode that works dramatically, it seems no one has told his colleagues that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is reasonably good, giving us a good emoticon, but exaggerating here and there. The only performance that comes close to Jannings is that of Powell himself. It's a little strange to see the normally kind star of The Skinny Man and The Great Ziegfeld playing a figure as severe and moodless as a male Ninotchka, but he does a good job, revealing a latent emotional intensity beneath the hard-hearted exterior. <br /> <br /> The Last Command could easily have shaken some feathers in the studio offices, as it tends to happen with any derogatory commentary on the filming process, even a relatively meek example like this. At the very least, I believe that many studio directors would be unhappy with the "behind the scenes" view, as this threatened the mystique of filmmaking that was still very much alive at the moment. As it turned out, such was the impact of the image that Jannings won the first Oscar for Best Actor, as well as a nomination for Best Writing for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the question is a bit vague) an indication for the better movie. This is significant since the Academy was a minuscule institution at that time and early awards were more than ever a bit of self-indulgent coup by the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it and were willing to repay it.
