Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film made by the hero's own producer (Shintaro Katsu), so maybe this is a slightly smaller entry in the series, although it is by no means generally weak. He speaks of our hero coming through two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious Ronin helping the poor and from this montage turns a tale encompassing tragedy, violence and little interest, all served with sword whipping but uninspired, which is one of the trademarks of the series. It's a fairly predictable plot and it mounts in a way not surprising, but closes in with style and is interesting. The useful ronin, for example, is a revolutionary character that is nobly inscrutable, disturbing the established order without being painted as a truly kind or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and harms his actions, while the governing system feeds the exploitation of the poor. It's a hard world, with one or two moments more visceral than expected in the fight, although things are not as stimulating as they could be. Shintaro Katsu turns into a typical bravery performance like Zatoichi, blending wisdom, mortal skill and worldliness with a subtly sad sense of vulnerability, while the solid work comes also from Rentarô Mikuni and an effectively boring Kô Nishimura (later appearing as the " Snake "superior of Katsu) Magobei in the trilogy Hanzo) as the two main leaders of the film. There is also a good emotional turn of Yuko Hamada as an unjust woman. The movie loses through an unstable rhythm and a sequence of events not so well built, there is at least a rather shocking time leap and the power of the plot becomes a little lost, which means that when things heat up to the end of the film As exciting as it may be, the emotional impact is also lost. The action or scenes of Zatoichi using his clever skills are well handled by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some of the stakes are less interesting and the film is built in a more hard-working than really inspired way, without the animated characters or the strong feeling of some other parcels. Still, I liked this, it has its flaws and it's not one of the best in the series, but it still brings a sweetly satisfying dose of entertainment, a good story and decent doses of Zatoichi's trademark, cool and quirky. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, elegant things, although not a great true.
