This is one of the strangest films in the Zat么ichi series due to its unusual rhythm and the role that Ichi plays in the film. Curiously, this was the first Zat么ichi film made by the new producer of Shintaro Katsu. Now, instead of just playing the blind swordsman, Katsu is in charge of making the movies. This could easily explain why this movie looks so different in style from the previous 15 films. As for the role of Ichi, the film is very different because it is not in the movie as usual. It's also easy to cheat on and actually for a while, it does a lot to hurt people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" begins with Ichi talking to an old woman who tries to take advantage of her blindness. Strangely, in this scene, Ichi says that he has been blind since childhood, although in an earlier film he says that his blindness settled when he was 8 years old. That's a small mistake, and just a crazed fan like I would have noticed. This movie takes place over a period of at least six months and is more likely to have taken a year - so you can see what I said about the strange pace. Most movies in the series happen in a few days or weeks. Ichi arrives in a town where there is a chief (Asagoro) who tries very hard to be kind to Ichi because he knows the reputation of the blind. The boss is quite charming and surprisingly Ichi is totally taken over by the evil man. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui) - a kind of guru for the poor. Shushui warns the people to abandon all violence and even Ichi falls under his teaching - giving up his blade for many months. The teachings of Shushui are very similar to the daoist teachings of China - non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (for good or for evil). <br /> <br /> Months after leaving this city and thinking that all was well, Ichi discovers that as soon as he left, Asagoro showed his true colors - enslaving women, oppressing the poor and being an idiot all-the- ground. In a way, Ichi is responsible for this, as he helped Asagoro and told him as a friend. Now, Asagoro captured Shushui and several innocent people killed themselves because of the evil boss's actions. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or bad, but he skilfully tests it. This piece with a scarecrow is inspired and leads to an end where, what else, Ichi kills the bad guys and frees Shushui. This end was very good and occurred in the rain. So the final scene with Asagoro and the stones is great, although the decapitation is a little tacky by the current standards of special effects. <br /> <br /> The advantages of the film are that although poorly paced, it is different and can not be confused with the previous 15 (which often look very similar). Besides, it ends very well. The disadvantages (besides the rhythm) are that some may not like to see the Ichi so fallible and the scenes with Ichi and the other blind included for the comic relief are not easy ... very, very, very simple. They are tacky and bland ... it's the kind of apartment that it is.
