Gundam Wing is an incredible show from start to finish, each episode is a joy to watch. The story is typical of Gundam in the future, Earth's populations grow as we create spatial colonies to expand. The story, however, is set in a reality completely different from any other Gundam show. It is the year after Colony 195 and the corrupt government of the Earth, known as the Alliance of the Earth Sphere, is violently taking the colonies free. To combat Alliance control and the still greater threat to come (an evil military organization hidden within the Alliance known as OZ, which later takes control of Earth and colonies), select members of the colonies send out 5 super mighty mechs to Earth to try to save the colonies from the threat that will come soon. These mechs, known as Gundams, fight against OZ and try to regain peace in the colonies while the OZ takes over, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing as I previously indicated, is probably the most enjoyable series of Gundam to watch in my opinion. A large part of this reason is the difference between this series and any other previous Gundam series, but also the stories are much deeper and more complex than most other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and excitement than any other Gundam show I've seen so far. This particular series seemed to focus more on character and relationships between these characters than on the epic space battle. Now do not get me wrong, this show still has lots of epic battles inside it, and the show still retains the epic atmosphere that other Gundam series have, but it succeeds in getting the story to follow a cast of 6 or 7 characters. opposite to just 1. <br /> <br /> No matter how you look, this is really one of the most exclusive and fun Gundam series, and I strongly recommend it to any anime fan or fi science in general. The show boasts incredible animation and superb action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what makes you come back for more. The characters are so well drawn by the end of the show that you end up loving each one of them. This show is definitely one that should not be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
