The Matador is better after reflection because, the moment we observe it, it seems so light. The humor is always of medium caliber, never bland, but never gutted. History is a very simple topic. The plot features are often recycled features, ie the unscrupulous villain who needs a friend and the good-looking guy who needs security in life come together and learn from each other and somehow compliment the lifestyle one from the other. I also find bullfighting unnecessary parallel to history, for it is a simply cruel thing, and the symbolism is hardly powerful enough to sustain itself. However, it really is a good movie, because although it looked so thin and unaffected at the time, it was not. It has a subtle way of connecting with the public. <br /> <br /> I believe that the reason why it slowly but surely gives the public something to take with them is because although it is a formula that is nothing new, even most of the humor, both main characters, virtually the only characters, are somehow known and come to know. Forget about calling them real. That's nothing I want to say. What I want to say is that although Pierce Brosnan's idiotic, womanizing and vain idiot is a disinterested comic character, he is firmly grasped by the writer and definitely by Brosnan, who is aggressively communicating how much he likes his fresh air of James Bondless . The character of Greg Kinnear looks exactly the same in his screenplay, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes that, for a moment, due to the lightfootness of the film passing by us, but then hit us only a moment later. We realize then that the film is not simply analyzing this, or Plans, Trains and Automobiles have said over and over again. It's really saying something. <br /> <br /> The climax of the movie is one that wants to be partially a thriller with twists. But with its lightness, how can this be the focus of the film, although the plot has led to it? No, the focus is what Brosnan and Kinnear derive from their improbable relationship to one another. Oddly, The Matador is a movie about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and repentance every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so forgiving and accepting with Brosnan continually interrupting his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan is saving Kinnear from a more realistic version of his own feelings as a means of redemption. The last scene of the movie stays with me. I think that's where the subtle lateral impact of the film finally begins to infiltrate.
