Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the continuing chronicles of Gundam. Unlike previous entries, which have focused on massive wars, this one is slightly different; instead of having an army versus army situation, it is led by five teenagers (because of their ability to blend in more readily than normal adults) and their machines called "Gundams" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. . This leads to problems, as the gundams are supposed to be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suits," which are platforms of less destructive piloted weapons and "Dolls" that run on AI and are used as grunt infantry. <br /> <br /> The main point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an advantage over a larger portion of the Anime that makes its way here. Especially because most anime is adapted from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all from Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets beyond most animes in the fact that instead of exaggerated battles between mortals who resemble gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to revel in being dramatic rather than melodramatic and events seem to unfold in the series. graciously. Usually in anime there are more than a few series that think the best way to have a "small" battle is to have a half hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam overcomes this by making sure everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, the battles will be lost and won, and it never seems that the actions are satirical. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in the details, and what this series has that most anime would be grateful to have. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or exaggerated martial arts, Gundam Wing is hard-line science fiction of a country that hates hard-hitting science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to state that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not real-life science fiction due to the religious subject that is the core of its series) they love Star Wars, but they hate A.I. (the movie). Henceforth, why Gundam Wing and Gundam SeeD are now in production for Japanese and US releases simultaneously with two voice teams. The American public only has to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to get the dubbed or subtitled versions or even the edited SeeD episodes that air on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The thrill is that these two sides that are fighting a war are technically behind. The heroes are those who uphold the rights of the wealthiest and aristocratic citizens of the land of the band of terrorists committed to victory at all costs that make up the protagonists of the Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not war, this is "total war". All people, all buildings, all streets are targets of attacks, both on and off the earth. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason I did not get the ten score, is that about three-four steps down the road, this kind of gets kinda dead for a few episodes, and no one really seems to to change. It's like a flashback of the present tense, which is good because of what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time it drags what should be the process between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the exaggerated film of the series Cartoon-Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz (in 2001-2003) more than compensate the slack.
