A team of archaeologists discover a real treasure? the crown of the Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown should be transferred via steamship to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There are many would-be thieves who would love to get their hands on the priceless jewels in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr. Moto is on hand to keep the crown on his journey. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment of Mr. Moto's Gamble, I went to Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation hoping for the best. , but admittedly fearing the worst. But in the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I'd find it more enjoyable. I am a sucker for a 1930s style mystery that has everything to do with archaeological digs in Egypt. And seeing Moto disguised as a German archaeologist (Imagine this, Peter Lorre playing a German?), The early scenes really attracted me. While the movie may have quickly changed to the less exotic San Francisco, it remained as enjoyable as. Dark and sinister characters lurking in the rainy night; shots fired from open windows that barely lose the hero's head; sophisticated and alleged infallible alarm systems begging someone to test them; and criminal masters believed to be dead? these are the elements found in many of the really good mysteries of the 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation has them all. A couple of other bonuses for me included the always enjoyable Lionel Atwill in a cool little role, comic relief from G.P. Huntley, which is really funny, and a return to form for Mr. Moto. I've already mentioned your disguise in the opening scenes of the movie, well, Athletic Moto comes out near the end of the movie. Moto is like a spinning dervish of activity as it goes behind its prey. All this and did not even mention the wonderful performance of Lorre. Whichever way you look at it, Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate the Mr. Moto series having to end after that part, it's understandable when you think about it. . World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not have gone very well. At least the Mr. Moto series ended on a very positive note.
