Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a successful man. Or a "facilitator of fatalities," as he prefers to be called. He is also a drunk, a womanizer and in the midst of a middle-aged crisis. At a job in Mexico City, he stumbles upon Danny White (Greg Kinnear), a non-confident businessman who thinks he has just quoted a recent speech, but is not sure. They meet at the hotel bar late at night, after they both had margaritas too. <br /> <br /> Looks like the set-up of a number comedy thriller, does not it? ? But it is not. Instead, the Matador is a funny and sometimes touching character study. Avoid all the twists suggested by the above summary, sometimes even setting them up just to knock them down with joy. It's a film that respects the characters enough to let them move on without feeling the need to push them into unnecessary inventions. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's hit man will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but this is unfair to both performances. Bond is a half-formed idea, a product of everything that happened before; while Julian is a fully formed character with his own motives and failures. He has existed in his own dark, decaying world for so long that he has forgotten how to speak to another human being. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees the opposite: a normal guy with a normal job and normal problems. He envies Danny; the killer has had enough of his life, he sees himself increasingly close to his inevitable "exhaustion," as he says. But when Danny talks about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, has been "running away from any emotion". Kinnear maintains his opposite performance to Brosnan and injects Danny White with his everyman charm effortlessly. He is the perfect contrast to Julian; while the second is drunken bravado and hedonism, Danny is down to earth with just a touch of eccentricity. But he is also deeper than his established personality, showing us how far the common man goes when confronted with financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the three main scenes of the movie: the hotel bar; a bullfight, during which Julian tells Danny what he does for a living, and leads him through a general rehearsal for a murder; and a scene in which Julian appears at Danny's house six months later. This scene also presents us properly Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking in the presence of a killer in his home, just asks with forced calm, "Did you bring your gun?" The script is not as good as it could have been after another rewrite. One or two lines seem a bit forced, and some of the jokes need a little more work. But in the scenes in which Julian and Danny (and later Bean) have just spoken, the writing is superb. The film does not feel the need to put the characters in strange situations (besides knowing a successful man, and said that the successful man is at your door). He just lets them talk, gently pushing them toward the necessary points of the plot. <br /> <br /> There is action, but only when it reflects on the characters. One notable example is when Julian does a job in Budapest because he keeps seeing himself through the range of his rifles. The rest of the movie is about the characters, how they interact, how each affects each other. And, ultimately, it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really means that.
