It is very difficult to evaluate this film. As entertainment value to 21st century viewers, it fails miserably. However, for the student of early sound films and history, it is a gem. "Show of Show" was a magazine filmed to compete with MGM's hit Hollywood Revue of 1929, which still survives intact, complete with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of All-Star magazine was to show the silent stars of a particular studio in spoken papers and show they could make the transition. However, Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten that and employs many artists and stars who did not even have long-term contract like Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a martial band. Meanwhile, his greatest talent - Al Jolson - is notably absent. Even with a high salary, he could not be forced to participate. Almost every act is excessively long and the film plays like a dozen or so of Vitaphone shorts tied together without continuity. The ending is also overly long, but it's really enjoyable with all of your dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film are two numbers by Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub." , a couple of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore playing Shakespeare, and the Chinese Fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the film that survives in Technicolor, and is actually quite attractive. Reasonably well, the players in those good deeds were longtime Warner Bros. stars. so maybe the director would know how to play with his strengths since he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a snapshot at a strange point in the history of cinema - the year 1929, which was the year of the bridge between two ages - the silent and sonorous ages, the roaring twenties and the Great Depression. Just two years later, this same film would have a completely different cast, as Warner Bros. would abandon their silent-era stars and the stars they hired to produce the first musicals in favor of the stars they gave to Warner Bros. its distinct urban look. and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
