A long time ago, in the 1980s, long before NAFTA was drawn up and corporations began to divest themselves of their national identities, the United States and Japan were at the throats of each other in the world manufacturing race. Remember statements such as "Union Yes!", "The Japanese are taking over the country" and "Americans are lazy." As the Reagan era receded and corporations were approaching a global market, director Ron Howard made one of several trips to the comedy genre with his 1986 hit "Gung Ho," which grossed more than $ 36 million at the US box office. Although in many respects dated, Howard's ironic story of colliding cultures in the workplace still offers a harsh truth for industrial life today. "Gung Ho" focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton), the representative of the union of automakers in Hadleyville, a small, depressed town in the foothills of Pennsylvania. Stevenson was invited to visit the Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to the real Toyota), which is considering a US operation in the city's empty factory. With hundreds of unemployed residents and the city about to collapse, Assan decides to move and Stevenson is hired as an intermediary between company officials and workers on the assembly line. <br /> <br /> The 112 minutes of 'Gung Ho' is a good-humored look at these two sides, with its equally strengths and weaknesses: on the one hand, an American workforce that values ​​its traditions, but is often caught in the frenzy of pride and syndicalism; On the other hand, Japanese workers are extremely dedicated to their work, but lack personal satisfaction and feelings of self-worth. In Stevenson, we find a figure of the American middle-class working class with the skills to talk to people through misunderstandings. With the survival of his employees' jobs and most of Hadleyville on the line, Stevenson proves he's a nice guy who wants nothing more than a fair shot, even though his intelligence will affect him in a great deal of trouble. In addition to responding to Assan's heads, we witnessed a delicate balance between Stevenson and his fellow syndicalists, many of whom he grew up with. This includes Buster (George Wendt), Willie (John Turturro) and Paul (Ron's brother Clint Howard). <br /> <br /> The Japanese cast is directed by Gedde Watanabe, also known as' Sixteen Candles' and 'Sixteen Candles' and' Volunteers. Watanabe plays Kazihiro, the factory manager who is unlucky and begins to feel sympathy for American life. He is constantly ignored by Saito (Sab Shimono), the nephew of Assan's CEO, who is desperate to take his place in the hierarchy. Although they have a light touch, these characters do very well in conveying ideas of the Japanese work culture. <br /> <br /> With the participation of Hunt Stevenson in the script, Michael Keaton has to give a solid performance for this movie to work. "Gung Ho" is indeed a success for Keaton, who also joined Ron Howard in 1994, "The Paper." He made this film during a series of lighter roles that included 'Mr. Mom, Beetle Juice and The Dream Team before venturing into Batman, One Good Cop and My Life. It's also hard not to like the performance of Gedde Watanabe as the odd man, who first uses Japanese tapes of shame before joining Stevenson to make the car unit a cohesive unit. <br /> <br /> The support cast is top-notch, including Wendt, Turturro, Shimono and Soh Yamamura as CEO of Assan, Sakamoto. Mimi Rogers provides a romantic interest as Audrey, Hunt's girlfriend. Edwin Blum, Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel teamed up for Gung Ho's solid writing. Incidental music, which received a BMI Film Music Award, was composed by Thomas Newman. The songs on Gung Ho's soundtrack are wall-to-wall, including 'Do not Get Me Wrong', 'Tuff Enuff' and 'Working Class Man'. <br /> <br /> The success of 'Gung Ho' actually led to a short TV series on ABC. Although more impressive as a social commentary twenty years ago, Ron Howard's movie still has its comedic value. It's available on DVD as part of the Paramount Widescreen Collection and is a bit short. Audio options are provided in English 5.1 surround, English Dolby surround and French dubbing, but the captions are in English only. There are no extras, not even the theatrical trailer. On the plus side, Paramount's digital transfer is quite good, with little grain after the opening credits and high quality sound. While some extras have been helpful - especially since 'Gung Ho' was a box office hit - there is little to complain about the film's presentation itself. <br /> <br /> *** of 4
