The Matador is a strange movie. His main character, Julian, played with an unusual blend of charm and imbalance for Brosnan, is not his typical hero. Julian is a killer who is going through a mid-life crisis. Having spent 22 years in the profession of cold-blooded murder, he now finds himself stressed out and desperately lonely. And so, after a casual meeting at a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he grabs and starts a clumsy and awkward friendship. Danny, the cool guy par excellence, is dealing with some things in his own life and, truth be told, he could use a friend as well. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny stays around to hear Julian's story, even after learning the "nasty" truth about Julian's work. Matador tackles a subject not completely unheard of in cinema, the murderous antihero (films like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador differs in several important ways. First of all, murder and gore is implied, but never really shown in detail, which means that if you're a fan of action movies in search of adrenaline, this movie will probably disappoint you. And second, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador makes no attempt to show remorse and redemption for his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as "that's what it is". This is unusual since 99.99% of us would consider killing for horrible money. And yet, this unorthodox approach may be what makes the film look authentic. Although we do not like to admit, almost everything can become mundane after we've done it long enough, maybe even murder. Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who is paying to have people killed? Who knows. The film never deals with these issues. Focus is on Julian and his stumble on a genuine friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you would think that people like him should be taken from society as a cancer, but forced to watch his life, you are drawn to his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I think. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's commentary on Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not completely divorce himself from his good-looking James Bond and his soft charm, but only adds disturbing peculiarities to the mix. Odd or gross remarks in polite middle-level conversations and sudden shifts from gentle charm to infantile hits and desperate and sad requests of acceptance. It keeps you guessing about your understanding of your sanity and how it will affect those around you. It's like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly plays a wrong note while playing, but it works. The movies just another important role, Danny's, is not so fleshy. Kinnear turns into solid performance if not spectacular as an ordinary Joe with a life and problems common to Joe. <br /> <br /> The movie does not really have big shocks or twists of M Night Shyamalan, but I could not. guess the end and it felt satisfying. He has no deep philosophical or spiritual knowledge, yet he seemed very human. And I had no car chases or armed battles, and I thought the pace was good and I never got bored. Perhaps the only real message here is about the human need to reach out and make connections with one another, and how those needs have no moral prerequisites. Even a murderer needs friends and even good people can be friends with bad people. It is a commentary on the strange and random world in which we live. A good movie; Worth seeing.
