Sherman set the machine on the way back to ... 1986. The United States was just coming out of its worst post-war recession while Japan was enjoying an unprecedented industrial boom. Manufacturing industries were still a significant part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American." The word "downsizing" had not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard on the radio singing, "Foreman says these jobs are coming, boy, and they will not go back to their hometown." Chrysler had just been rescued by Uncle Sam. Bumper stickers can be seen to say "Buy American - the job you save can be your own." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than any other. another popular film made during that period. Certainly the film has its flaws - some loose plots and mediocre acting works of all except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is really about the encounter of the East and the West: Keaton Stevenson's Hunt personifies America, impetuous and confident on the outside, but unsure underneath. Kazuhiro de Watanabe personifies Japan, at the top of the pile with a successful system, but wondering if there is more to be learned from his western rivals. The plot of the film, defective as it is, simply provides a framework for conflict and eventually the synthesis of its two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's performance obfuscates everyone else and practically produces the film by itself. I've always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that seem improvised, no matter what script he's following. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a nice, affable, affable man, a natural leader with a clever vein. But he has a fatal flaw common to many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. It will distract the crowd with inspiring anecdotes, and even lie, instead of pointing out the ugly truth. Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: timid and introspective, but also, because of his Japanese education. , reluctant to be the bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first arrives at Kazuhiro with staff grievances perfectly captures the Japanese approach to workplace conflict. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you're saying," but will not refuse his requests out loud. Stevenson interprets this as an agreement and walks away saying, "Okay, we'll figure it out." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American trade relations in the 21st century!) Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: making the factory run smoothly, meeting production goals, and fulfill their responsibilities. to the workers under them. When working towards this goal, each of them needs to take one page out of the other's book. Kazuhiro's family becoming more "Americanized" is an obvious example. Note also that Stevenson thinks it's strange when Kazuhiro explains how he had to make a public apology to his workers for failing - and yet, later in the film, Stevenson does just that. <br /> <br /> The plot and its resolution is a bit of cornball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can ignore the flaws of the movie, there is a great story about self-realization and open-mindedness here.
