Many overlook that this is not just a classic due to being the first 3D game, or even the first shoot-'em-up. It is also one of the first sneaky games, one of the only (and definitely the first) truly claustrophobic games, and just a fairly complete gaming experience in general. With graphics that are terribly dated today, the game puts him in the role of B.J. (not even * think * I'll try to spell his last name!), An American P.O.W. I get caught in an underground bunker. You fight and search your way through tunnels to achieve different goals for the six episodes (but, let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to hand you a gun, surround you with Nazis and send you away. Nazis). The graphics are, as I mentioned before, rather old-fashioned and very simple. The least detailed of basically any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. If you manage to overcome this, however (and some would suggest that this simplicity only increases the effect that the game has on you), then you have a great game of shooting / sneaking. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammunition, explosive enemies (aforementioned Nazis, and an "enemy boss" per chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, grows as you progress through the game), unlocking doors and looking for by secret rooms. There is a bonus count after each level has been beaten ... how fast you've been (basically, if you beat the "even time" which is the time it took a tester to pass through the same level; fun to try and hit, and with the difficulty levels have in finding the way, they are even challenging after many play-throughs, how much nazi gold (treasure) you have collected and how many villains you have killed. The game (mostly, but not always) allows two different and contrasting methods of playing ... stealthily or knocking over anything and everything that you want to play. you see.You can run or walk, and between your weapons is also a knife ... run is heard instantly the moment you enter the same room as the guard as well as the shots.Many guards are found standing with your back to you, which means you can walk behind them and stab them ... almost in silence. In your inventory, you can get no less than four guns and two keys ... more on the guns later. The keys unlock certain doors. Most doors in the game are not locked ... only two types need keys, and these keys are introduced only at later levels (you resume levels, redefine weaponry, health, punctuation, and life in each chapter) . Much of the later game is spent looking for them. Now, as I just mentioned, this game, like many of the period (late 80's, early 90's), is based on collecting extra lives ... personally, I think it's completely and completely useless (it was mercifully discarded hereinafter). I think (?), of the next 3D shooting game and on), since you can save when you want and "using a life" redefines weapons, health and ammunition, like starting in a new chapter (which is a real pain in the later levels, where you * need * heavier artillery). Now, I'm not going to move in the bush anymore ... move on to guns! You start with the above-mentioned knife (which is quiet but only effective close up) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for keeping ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. His third weapon is a German SMG ... a submachine gun. It is faster and automatic, and some later enemies use it. And the last one ... is nothing less than a Gatling! Oh yeah! Think of T2. Think Predator. Think of dumping huge amounts of lead into Nazi demons with such a weapon. It's as fun as it sounds. Most enemies use this, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identities of these boss enemies, however ... this is for every player to discover by him (or her). The sound is great ... very crisp and realistic. When you hear the firing of a firing machine gun, the deafening noise of a door closing behind you or a surprised Nazi shout or a German warning, you really feel as if you are there, trapped in these dark and depressing bunker systems. This brings me very well to the level design ... as you walk through seemingly uncountable and almost identical corridors to the next elevator, taking you further away, you are understood by the claustrophobic climate. I almost got seasick more than once (although this may also have something to do with little sleep, too much moisture and unusual warmth ...) to play. Although the level of detail is not too high, what's there is great. Remains of victims, quarter guards and countless Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also features a bit of blood ... because it is a limited graphics engine, John Romero and the crew certainly put all the blood and courage they could into the game. What remains to be said ... the first of its kind, and it's no wonder that this has spawned countless other 3D shooters. Of course, gun swinging and different levels of height (stairs and such) did not come until the next entry in the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D, which introduced the feature to change his view (so goes beyond simply left and right, adding vertical dimensions to it), and jumping did not appear until a third title later (the first Quake, possibly? Companions, help me here) ... but all these games, as well as the rest of the gender, owe their existence to it. Then load the Luger, open the door to get into the bunker and enter B.J.'s shoes ... he deserves recognition, even (or maybe even especially?) Almost fifteen years after he first appears. I recommended this to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
