At first glance, this movie looks like Keifer Sutherland's 24th series for the big screen. With the focus on a conspiracy to assassinate the President of the United States, a race against time, and many Secret Service agents, the agency under the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist comes back. Pete Garrison, character of Michael Douglas, a veteran Secret Service agent famous for bringing the bullet to Reagan in 1981. SS officers are specially trained to "get the bullet", which is what makes them special - who, on the right will the mind put itself in the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison is implicated in the murder conspiracy, and has to run for his life while at the same time doing his investigations on the plot. All this because of his failure in a polygraph test due to his adulterous coup of the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. There are shades of In the Line of Fire by Clint Eastwood. Both featured old actors, and elderly veterans were heroes with a bit of historical reference, who took the bullet on their respective service tours. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Watchtower suffered from its lack of a strong central villain, preferring to share the responsibility of murder among many dodgy former KGB villains, and the mole inside the Presidential Detail. With Douglas fleeing from the law, he becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive, hunting down the proverbial one-armed man while at the same time relying on his ability to fool other agents, which turned out to be quite interesting. to watch - despite the clever processes, it still boils down to the performance and ingenuity of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the top stars of today's 24-year-old TV and Desperate Housewives, are relegated to supporting roles such as Secret Service investigators who are investigating Garrison's likely involvement in the plot of the murder, and sometimes seem to have left out the CSI pages with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had chemistry that could resemble Fox Mulder and Dana Scully from X-Files, but unfortunately, these two had very little to do here. We know why they're in the movie, and that's putting their fans in theaters. In addition, Longoria's role seemed unable to shake off her sexy mommy Gabrielle, and here she is in very low-cut sweaters (Sutherland actually tells her to cover up) and tight pants (ogle-fest for fellow agents). <br /> <br /> However, it is still an interesting glimpse into the lives of probably the most tense and detailed protection details in the world, and the typical threats they face daily, including the following in the threat of every crazy in the life of the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent thriller and investigative thriller, with enough subplots to keep you entertained. But one thing, like most action sequences, has a gap large enough for you to pilot a giant jet.
