Charles McDougall's resume includes directing episodes in 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', 'Queer as Folk', 'Big Love', 'The Office', etc. so he comes with all the credentials to make the film version of TV Meg Wolitzer's novel, SURRENDER, DOROTHY, a hit. And most of the time he manages to keep this potentially sentimental story about the sudden death of a loved one and the way the people in his life react. <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos), a beautiful young single. (Tom Everett Scott), the current grip of Adam Shawn (Chris Pine) and the couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their newborn son - in a home in the Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group looks cheerful until a trip to the local ice cream parlor by Adam and Sara) results in a car accident that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sara's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active but introsonal social life calls her daughter constantly with the mutual greeting 'Surrender, Dorothy', is playing elsewhere: when she gets the call she Sara is dead she comes immediately to the Hamptons, where her dominant personality and grief create friction between Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie discovers secrets about each of them, trying to talk about Sara, as if that could bring her to life. Natalie's thirst for truth at any cost results in major changes between the group and it is only through Sara's compulsive love that everyone ends up joining. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles. who run the strand between drama and comedy and his presence keeps the story together. The script has its moments for good lines but also has a lot of fill which becomes a bit heavy and somber, leaving the actors obviously uncomfortable with the lines they get. Yes, this story has been told many times - the impact of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy is altered by revelations - but the film moves along with a release pace and has enough genuine entertainment to make it worth watching. Grady Harp
