What if a platoon of Japanese army soldiers returned 400 years in the midst of the feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa shogunate? Great tone right? The film does exactly what it says on the tin. Fortunately, the writers did not bother to explain the ridiculous, usually ridiculous, science-fiction movie, the scientific mumbo jumbo of time transport. Not as it is or because it is. They just did. However, the transport sequence of the time itself is very entertaining and very beautiful, if not a bit dated. Not as silly as you might imagine. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film follows the premise of a T. But while it loses some steam with the various subplots that accompany the soldiers' arrival in medieval Japan, it catches up with a devastating battle sequence. Undoubtedly, it is the main order of the day. The whole concept, and by extension, the film itself, probably originated from this simple tone: what if G.I, equipped with the most modern in the war, fought samurai? And the boy delivers that. The main sequence of battles that lasts more than half an hour is probably one of the best of its kind in the action / war films of the 1970s. Not only is it ruthless and exhausting in pace and duration, but it is also a tremendous mix of styles and techniques that only unique premises like the GI Samurai can deliver. I mean, where else would you have the chance to display tanks, complete ninjas with shuriikens, a helicopter and samurais in the same shot? The G.I. The platoon led by Lieutenant Iba rips literally hundreds of extras, firing them with machine guns, mortars, grenades and tanks. <br /> <br /> This miscellany of styles has one foot firmly rooted in Kurosawa's extensive Kagemusha epic jidai- geki or Samurai Banners by Hiroshi Inagaki, while the other is in western action and war films. There are stylistic touches (such as the wonderful slow-motion shots and bloody violence) brought by Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari around Keoma. Japanese cinema has always been influenced by westerns and other Hollywood works and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai effortlessly transforms this eastern and western cauldron into an exciting film. <br /> <br /> Filmmakers, fortunately, take the whole thing seriously and the film benefits immensely from it. Not that the ironic mentality is completely absent, it's just that it does not try to cede to such bad audiences that they like to laugh at their movies. The budget was probably robust, as is evident in the hundreds of extras, elaborate costumes (very decent for a production that is not a traditional jidai-geki) and special effects. The camera work and editing are all top notch, almost better than a movie without great artistic ambitions deserves. <br /> <br /> It's not flawless, of course. There are many scenes of "music" where all sorts of Japanese rock, disco and country music from the 70's play on mounts (there is a connecting scene, a love interest scene, a scene from "war is hell" etc. .). The songs themselves are rather weak and diminish the whole thing. Although it has a time of 140 minutes, it flies like a bullet most of the time. Still some scenes, flashbacks and subplots in the first half could have been cut to a tighter effect. <br /> <br /> The cast also deserves a mention, with prominent names like Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Lobo Samurai). Tsunehiko Watase (The Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada, all with the right notes.
