The author of "Nekromantik", second film by Jörg Buttgereit, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain of a group called "The Seventh Day Brotherhood," the film shows 7 episodes, each consisting of a day for a week, where suicide is approached using different characters and situations while the letter is being made . are rotated. Do not touch this if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or remotely "normal" movies, or expect a movie to be good only if it's focused on acting on stage. The nihilist, Der Todesking's vanguard approach well explains why Buttgereit's films were generally banned in his native Germany during the 1980s and most of the 1990s. Todesking is not really focused on the characters that appear onscreen, but on the nonsensical apathy or depression that most people's lives generally consist of. Buttgereit finds no reason to continue living, just reasons to stop, and by choosing how and when you die, you too can be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit movies are usually hard to live on. categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. With the same team and almost the same cast as all other movies, "art film" would probably be the closest description at all times. Der Todesking features an original method for shooting, creating the mood and dealing with the central object in almost every scene. During a scene, the camera rotates slowly in 360-degree circles, while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for a day. During the other, Buttgereit uses the corruption of sound and film to describe the mental state of a collapsing man while he remains in his despair. During a third, names of seemingly agreeable scenes, ages, and occupations of real people to commit suicide are shown onscreen, supposedly securing the ban in Germany for this particular movie. Episode episodes (and especially this one, as the scenes are only vaguely connected, usually suffer from incoherence, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus of death inflicted and their consequences, or subsequences in all their variations, there are very powerful episodes, but one episode or two may even seem to fill material, in part draining the film's overall power - yet the impressive and immense intermissions that represent a decomposing body do keep the film together and clean it from the vague moments back to the status of grandeur.The overall atmosphere is disconcerting, inspiring, highly depressing and sometimes even disgusting - so much so that dozens of people came out in the middle of the movie during a theater show at a film festival that I participated in. This is a film that leaves a lasting impression and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something that they will definitely remember for years to come. Not recommended for fans of heart or show time, this is a small and different movie that really stirs up feelings in the audience. Whether it be confusion, awe or even hatred, you probably will not be cold about it, in my opinion, the best achievement of this small independent team. The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt in Reich der Menschentrümmer Part I-III" was released on a limited 866-piece 8 "vinyl edition, which is now much sought after. the classic masterpiece, getting "The Nekromantik" CD soundtrack, which I The music of the Lo-Fi synthesizer in the film is somber and quirky, almost a little noxious, makes an essential part of the film's atmosphere, and is something you very, very rarely would it hear otherwise.
