"As the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like a spontaneous juvenile flirt of fascination and fear, like a climax of contrary emotions," said one of the movie fans after seeing LOVE AT THE TOP, the misinterpreted version of the stylish title director Michel Deville. MOUTON ENRAGE. Vincent Canby in the New York Times, however, shortly after the film's 1974 premiere said, "LOVE AT THE TOP", which debuted at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a 1973 French comedy that vaguely recalls the number of English comedies of nineteen fifties about the rise and rise of cynical young people possessing and possessing ambition. However, the significant difference he mentioned was the fact that LOVE AT THE TOP is not concerned with the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) Having left the ratings for single individuals, Of course, the test of time did its fair work. What can be said for sure after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find films like LE MOUTON ENRAGE, where decadence seems innocent, where the links appear with youthful enthusiasm, where the feelings occur in such a manipulative way. <br /> <br /> For fans of Romy Schneider, it seems pointless to point out that this film is mandatory, not only because it makes a unique presentation (as it did in all its roles) at the height of its career. career (9 years before her sudden death), but because she is particularly attractive here. It is not TRIO INFERNAL where, as it were, "forced escape" and the mockery of the sweet image of Romy haunted for years by the saccharin Sissi finds its most disappointing manifestation, but a film in which the brilliant actress receives a fair paper. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of lust for the protagonist of the story, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who makes financial profits from lascivious bonds. This film can boast truly memorable and original photos of Romy and she is given some of her best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point of the film is the execution of content with a development of individual perception. As immoral as it may seem, the director makes perfect use of the contrast: conventions versus pleasures, innocence versus decadence, genuine versus instrumental lust. Nicola has most of the features that viewers may like or dislike, may find attractive or disgusting; however, it is their characteristics that viewers must treat seriously, more to say, they are the ones we must all accept. That is why someone is brought into a peculiar, delicately erotic and unique world of the main character. Although he sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent a kind of contrary worlds for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes love to them, can not abstain as much from the desire for their bodies as from the desire for money; however, he perceives them differently. Yet in spite of all this "mature maturity," he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a toy trolley - a sort of "detailed view of the male mind ..." in a comical way. Finally, there are great performances , which makes the LE MOUTON ENRAGE a bit understated. Not only does the aforementioned Romy Schneider do a brilliant job providing viewers with an extraordinary vision of her role, but the young Jane Birkin seems to be convincing in the role of young and inexperienced prostitute Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible to see Nicola on the right path . This artistic merit in performances accompanies the fantastic music of Camille Saint-Saëns, the melody that will ring in your ears for a long time. So, in addition to some flaws in the film such as dated colors, slow action (sometimes), possible cliches (noticed by some viewers), merits should be considered significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in short, is a clear manifestation of contrary manipulative tools in life. It is worth seeing as a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of opposing emotions of love and hate, fondness and disgust in comparison to the first orgasm and the first angio ... But it is not us, humans? "spectators", movie fans built on these contrasts?
