I can not say much about Kalifornia as sadly I still have to actually see the whole thing (I just got to see it in pieces about Fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his previous films are good. But that role, I just, your acting is great, your character Early looks so normal well, pretty scary, dark weird, but you know it's normal for such a hick guy, I guess. And the performance of Juliette Lewis, although I can see how some might get annoyed with it, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately I have yet to see the end, but reading other reviews here looks good, but disappointing. I have to admit that I wish David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling on this is incorrect) was a bit flat but for him it was okay. His wife's character was better, and I thought her performance, although not the best in the film, was very good, a portrait of the avant-Gard / Big Sister type. Particularly the scene in which Early and Brian are going to play pool, and Adele and Carrie are having one at a time together. I've watched this scene at least twice and still think the acting on it is just marvelous. One because of the emotion that Adele plays after talking about being raped by the three guys and how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction to her. All of this I think is so perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can relate a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we really got to see for the first time; I thought he was great. Some movies with Pitt that I saw were just average or not worth seeing. I do not think I've ever seen a terrible Pitt movie or if I have it's not because of their acting, they are other factors. This movie was not one of them. He gave a great performance in Kalifornia. I swear I'm not just random, I like him for his acting not only because he's handsome, I mean, his character in this movie is not exactly handsome or fluffy at all! Pitt is dark, thoughtful and downright scary at times. However, he is also cheerful, funny, friendly and even loving for Adele. Granted there are some points that made me want to get across the TV and strangle him, but that's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how Pitt's performance was good in this film made me forget that he was playing a character, that's what good acting should do. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I wish I could say more, but that's all I can say without having seen the ending, I saw most of the film through what I got in Fuse and how I am Writing this, I'm recording on the DVR, so I hope to write a more thorough review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts in a movie that I thought was something really cool and something that seems to have been forgotten (should not have!)
