I had seen 'Kalifornia' before (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember being very impressed with it. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he still has not lost his power even though I'm used to much more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. "Kalifornia" tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of stepping on a plain and flying straight to the state where they say it never rains, they choose to take a car trip. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers and she will take the corresponding photos. But as their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take another couple with them, so they can distribute the cost of the trip. Only one couple responded to the add, so they will automatically be the lucky ones. But they have not met and seeing the other couple for the first time, when the journey has begun, Carrie is shocked. Not wanting to be biased, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are poor white litter of trailers. She definitely does not want them in her car, but Brian does not mind taking them with them and decides to stop and pick them up anyway. At first, the couple does not seem to be that bad, but Gradually Early Grayce changes from a vulgar countrywoman to a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> It's not just the very impressive story, just like the acting of our four tracks. Brad Pitt is amazing like Early Grayce. Your performance in this movie may be the best of all. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays the childish and naïve girlfriend who does not want to hear a bad word about her Early and does it really well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are a surprise as well. Both did a very good job and I really wonder why we've never heard of Forbes since this movie, because she really has a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is very good and impressive. psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but because of graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be to everybody's liking (although I do not see it otherwise as portraying a serial killer in a believable way). Personally I really enjoyed this movie and the violence never bothered me (it's a part of the story that's too important to be left out). I recommend this movie with an 8/10.
