In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not so popular among critics because of its excessive violence but which I also loved, Kalifornia is a film that clearly glamorizes violence, but I like to think that it happens in the final act More or less like The Basketball Diaries glamouriza drugs at first, but shows the bad side at the end of the movie, which is much worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistically yuppie girlfriend, who is in that violent, sexy black and white photograph usually reserved for, I do not know where, places where nudity goes through art. Maybe this really happens and I just do not understand it. Anyway, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fit perfectly into the role), make the perfect couple to do a documentary tour of famous murder sites. Brian, the writer, will write the book, Carrie can take the photos. Being artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not well prepared financially for such a trip, so they place an advertisement for someone to share gas and travel expenses, and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Early on probation and assigned to janitorial work at the local university by his parole officer, he sees the advertisement on a bulletin board and decides to leave the state for a time, violating his probation, but also leaving the scene of the murder of its owner so he will not have to deal with an annoying murder investigation. Two birds with one stone, you know. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes, artistic yuppies and greasy garbage, without resorting to clichés or even ending with caricatures of any kind. . Brian and Carrie are liberal artists, but while Carrie catches Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early's status as an outlaw, as seen in the scene in which Brian shoots Early's weapon. Never having fired a gun before, he is as fascinated as a child. While Adele and Carrie are back in a hotel and Adele reveals such things in their infantile form as the fact that Early "broke" from smoking and that she is not allowed to drink (Early does not think women should), Early and Brian are at the local bar. Brian reacts nervously to a drunk trying to start a fight with him, and Early first gives Brian advice on what to do and then walks in and gives a quick lesson to the guy. "Hit him, Bri, it's coming." This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny what Joy says when his friends drag him away, bloody and mistreated, but also because, as it is interspersed with the girls at the hotel, we learn so much at once about the two couples, their differences and the conflicts that are likely to arise because of them. And in addition, because Brian has benefited from Early's actions and Carrie is shocked by what she hears from Adele, it also illustrates the different way Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Clearly, now, you can say that this is not the typical type of thriller couple, where the town folks run into country folk and all kinds of stereotyped chaos happen. On the one hand, it seems somewhat convenient for Brian and Carrie to tour murder sites and be accompanied by a real-life killer, but on the other hand, it's a great way to counteract the glorification of murder that is inherent. within a journey across the country designed to bring fame to the killers and their crimes. While studying the actions of past killers, Brian and Carrie eventually come face-to-face with the material they are studying, and realize that murder is not as beautiful or morbidly fascinating when it is on their faces as it is through unconnected studies of murders . past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed at the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in films like Kalifornia, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks, in which he can drastically change his appearance or just enough to suit a particular character, and is completely believable. . By the way, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I just could not do the hair and the beard right. I got to hit the hat, which I initially thought would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It is easy to understand why many people did not like Kalifornia or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that whatever the glorification is, it is done with the intention of clarifying the understanding of the subject. A film that does not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as the Kalifornia, but the film structures it perfectly. Glorification is all embodied in the fascination of Brian and Carrie for the idea of ​​murder and the auras of places where this happens, but their achievement, and ours, is embodied in the reality they encounter with Early and Adele. The purpose of the film is to describe the difference between idealizing violence and seeing its horror closely and truthfully.
