It's a road movie, with a killer on board. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny), a sophisticated urban writer, wants to conduct field research on American serial killers. But neither he nor his girlfriend, Carrie (Michelle Forbes), have money for a nationwide tour of murder sites, so they advertise for someone to share travel expenses. Who they end up with a young couple, Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend, Adele (Juliette Lewis), two better examples of "poor white trash" that you will never find throughout the cinema. <br /> In fact, Early and Adele are what make this movie so much fun, as they babble, cluck, trust, muse, speculate, drool, and otherwise behave in ways I have not seen since "The Beverly Hillbillies ". California's initial idea: "People think faster out there because of all that hot weather, cold weather makes people stupid." That's enough to convince Adele: "I think that explains why there are so many stupid people around here." To which Early responds with pride: "It certainly does." Early continues to instruct Adele about California: "You never have to buy any fruit, because it's all in the trees ... and they have no speed limit, and I've heard that the first month's rent is free, state law." Poor Early has some, well, mental problems, which become increasingly obvious to Brian and Carrie while the four travelers move west across the US. As they enter the southwest desert, with their beautifully glaring landscape "Kalifornia" begins to look more and more like "The Hitcher" (1986), and Early begins to act more and more like John Ryder, the maniac hitchhiker of all, whose terror he seemed so uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> "Kalifornia", the performance is uneven. Duchovny's performance is flat. Brad Pitt is surprisingly effective, despite his overdone at times. Michelle Forbes is great as an avant-garde photographic artist. But my choice for the best performance goes to Juliette Lewis. With her nasal voice and strong southern accent, she is impressive, like Adele, naive and highly animated. <br /> <br /> By the end, the movie gives a Twilight Zone feel as our travelers enter a Nevada nuclear test site with an old dilapidated house full of test dummies. The plot dissolves rather disorderly into unnecessary and absurd violence, an ending that was a little disappointing. Overall, however, "Kalifornia" is a fun movie, thanks to an intelligent concept, great scenery, especially in the second half, good cinematography, great dialogue, and that wonderful performance by Juliette Lewis.
