While I am grateful for this obscure gemstone from the 1970s exploration cinema in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience," and although it's also available on disc under the alternate title "Escape from Death Row," I honestly think it deserves an edit of proper and luxurious DVD, completely in their originally spoken languages ​​with subtitle options (dubbing is truly awful), restored image quality and a truck with special bonus features! Hell, I do not even need the restored image quality and bonuses if we could watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a crime scene / mafia cheerfully accelerated with much violence, comedy (which, admittedly, does not always work), feminine beauty and two witty characters. Tony Lo Bianco is fantastic as the little crook who pretends to be the biggest Don in town. When real crime lord Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in town, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook but they end up forming an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new French criminal even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they go to Marseille to extract Frankie's revenge. The screenplay of this sadly neglected crime gem randomly changes the action and suspense with snippets of comedy, such as the grotesque pursuit of cars on the narrow French mountain roads, for example. The build-up to the typical mafia-run sequences (guided by an excellent score by Riz Ortolani) is extremely tense and the actual murders are sadistic and ruthless, which is probably why the film is considered a grindhouse classic. The film does not have a strong female lead, as the beautiful and incredibly voluptuous beauty that Edwige Fenech unfortunately only appears in some scenes, and then still in the background. Of the men behind the camera, responsible for the superb cinematography, was no less than Joe D'Amato. Great movie, highly recommended for fans of Italian exploration, and I hope to see you again soon in its original version.
