I had never heard of Leos Carax until his Merde segment in recent years in Tokyo, and he was easily the highlight of the three stories of the film. It was not my favorite of the shorts, but it was the most original and the most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of all his feature films I've seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses image and music to communicate a lush young love that overflows with the poetic. Although he is classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his films owe much to silent films and experimental narratives of the 1960s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante," Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin than Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> At Boy Carter's 1984 debut, he uses black and white and heavy addiction. in visual representation to display emotional states. He combines the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but based on a reality that never seems as stable as Cocteau, but by virtue of his expressions becomes more accessible, emotional and engaging as the Vigo films. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple and similar to the two Carax films that make up the trilogy "Young lovers". A boy named Alex played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two Carax films), has just been dismissed by his girlfriend, who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene he almost kills his friend on a boardwalk, but does not get killed. He walks around, remembering her by the sounds of his neighbors having sex, and dreams awake with his girlfriend and best friend getting intimate. He steals records for her and leaves them at his friend's apartment, but avoids direct contact with any of them. He wanders and finds his way to a party, where he meets a suicidal young lady, and the movie becomes part "Breathless" and part "Limelight". <br /> <br /> Later, he is advised by an old man with sign language to "speak for himself ... young people today. It is as if they forgot how to speak." The old man gives a story about working in the days of silent movies, and how a timidly off-stage actor has become a confident "lion" in front of the camera. This is where the film points to the hand, but the reference to the silent film is a crucial scene, as it overlaps the style of the film (silent and expressionist) with content (a young man in love trying to create the courage to say and do things that he really wants). Although Alex is thoughtful at first and a torrent of romantic words coming out of him to the end, he is the timid actor who becomes a lion thanks to the magnification of his inner feelings that are not easy to understand from moment to moment. , plus a desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the movie in which Alex retires from the party to a room where the guests hid their children and babies, all crying in a refrain that fills this room, until he binds a tape of a children's program, making them silent. Unexpectedly, due to a flaw, the TV ends up playing a secret bathroom camera, which reveals the receptionist sobbing in her wig over someone she misses. Even though Carax is self-reflective and self-deprecating the kind of distressed story he is trying to tell (the room full of whining children), he is mature enough to see through the initial irony to love in every movie he crosses. Even the rich old bell of the ball has a brother she misses. In another scene, a former astronaut looks at the moon he stepped on in his youth while sipping a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Although a debtor of films before the talkies, Carax is a master of music, knowing when to channel. in the Dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia," or an old David Bowie song, the sounds of a man playing piano, or a girl singing softly. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone picks up their broken heart we see the blood drip from their shirt, when a couple kisses on the sidewalk they spin 360 degrees as if they were stuck in a carousel when Alex comes in in a party seems out of place, it is because the most interesting people in the world really are attending; like the famous author who can not speak because of a bullet lodged in his brain, or the lost 1950s universe standing on the other side of the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic flourishes and quirky tales of whimsy all paralleled different visual, musical and emotional in these Carax films. Every line of dialogue, every piece of music and every effect and edit in this movie resonated in me on some emotional level, some I lack words to articulate. There are many tales of a boy meeting a girl, but instead of just exploring the banal details of any particular event, this film captures the exhilarating truth of the teen's passion and disappointment. The other movies you want to watch can wait. Look at this first. If I were to make movies, I would like them to be like this, in fact I wanted all movies to be like that, where the ephemeral becomes bigger than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
