WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history in recent months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were scary to say the least and so was relying on the B-brand show Smackdown! to try to finish the year on a high note. Armageddon had two great games in the Last Ride and Inferno games, three championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the form of a tag team war with Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those Championship games that brought us not only the night game but also now a game of the year in which candidate Teddy Long gave us an early Christmas present. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship from Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor to a four-team Ladder fight including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on it to combine much like nothing I can say would be able to do it justice. It has to be seen to be believed. There were many high points and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings. The only thing I have to say, however, was the one that took Joey Mercury straight to the emergency room in the middle of the contest. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder that was mounted in the "seesaw" position, with Matt Hardy holding the two MNM members over the opposite end to take full strength. Unfortunately for Mercury he did not raise his hands to protect his face and carried the ladder with full force into his nose and left eye. That was cruel. His face was instantly a mess for all to see, and not surprisingly that ended the night of Mercury earlier. We found out later that he suffered a broken nose and cuts under the left eye. Be warned. This is not for the faint of heart. The end of this roller coaster came after Paul London managed to grab the two championship belts for the win. I've been watching wrestling for almost 15 years and there's nothing better than this game. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night started with only the 4th match of Hell. Kane took over the MVP on a good start, but it was all about the look and not about the action. There were a few close calls with the flames for both contestants, but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP into the flames after they both ran out of the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his butt was on fire and there was a sick part of me that laughed watching it. I can suggest to Michael Hayes that the MVP be released next week on SmackDown! to the Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash. <br /> <br /> The other game of the night, and the second game of a triple main event was a Last Ride game between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. This was a tough game from start to finish and was the best of the series that Undertaker and Kennedy had yet. The used posts, chairs, and scene had The Undertaker released 15 feet from the Armageddon set in what was to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear that this was nothing more than a mat and the crowd did not show up for it. The ending came after a bottleneck from The Dead Man to Kennedy at the top of the hearse, followed quickly by a tombstone winning the match. <br /> <br /> In another remarkable event of card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by finishing in another tough game. This was a very good fight with Benoit hitting eight German suplexes in Chavo at the same time. Benoit was also thinking of putting Vikki Guerrero in the sniper or not. Luckily, he fell on himself and released her. This led Chavo to make the roll up only to be rebounded to the sharpshooter for finalization. Another bout on the card was the Cruiserweight championship between the reigning WWE champion Gregory Helms. and Jimmy Wang Yang. Featuring a lot of high and dangerous points, some of which occurred out of the ring, this was a game much more deserving of the public's response than what he received. JBL put it better when he scolded fans in Richmond, Virginia for sitting on his hands during this and at one point even started a boring corner. Helms got the duke after a jawbreaker maneuver with his knees on Smackdowns! resident caipira. <br /> <br /> Boogeyman defeated Miz in a worthless match. I hate the bogeyman with a passion. It's only worth listening to JBL's complaint about Miz. JBL is a golden comedy. <br /> <br /> The final game of the night was the main event number 3. World Heavyweight Champion, Batista and WWE Champion, John Cena teamed up to face Finlay and Champions of Champions, King Booker. There was no way the game was at the top of the Tag Team Championship match early, but it did not amuse him. The match would have been more memorable if we had received five or ten extra minutes, but how many times have I told you about WWE matches this year. It was King Booker who was defeated at the end of the match after a great Batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So, 2006 ended for WWE in relation to its pay-per-view schedule. It began the year with a terrible note with the New Year's Revolution, but ended up with Armageddon. This Ladder match will be remembered for a long time as one of the greatest ladder matches of all time. My hat is out of all eight competitors, but their bodies in line to give fans a hell of a game.
