Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost figure in the short film market. This market is essentially dominated by the short Looney Tunes and Merry Melodies, coming from Warner Bros. But MGM is also able to launch such hidden gems as "To Spring," an amazing story about the most beautiful season of the year. In the environment represented here, spring is not caused by natural cycles, but is manufactured. And by whom? By little male elves living below ground. Every spring, when the snow begins to melt, they start to work. They begin by knocking down stone pillars of the rainbow, then reducing them to rubble and using this rubble to turn them into colored fluids, which will be brought to the ground and generating grass, flowers ... In other words, spring! The first half of the drawing shows the making of spring, but the second part is a little different. The Old Winter returns and he tries to extend the winter by destroying the work of the elves. So from this point, we help a battle between the elves and the Old Winter. <br /> <br /> The music heard here is delightfully wonderful. The melodic parts remain on the head like an inkblot on a sheet of paper. The melodies of the second part are exciting and fit perfectly with the action. That's fantastic, Giorgio! Animation sequences are also a delight. The colors are well mixed and every little detail is shown in an epic setting. The concept itself is brilliant. The elves are attracting characters, just like Oldman Winter, which effectively portrays the cold and relentless feelings of the white season. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong message included here. The battle seems lost to the elves at the end, until a single elf who arrives late jumps into action and this leads to the victory of the elves during the winter. So the point is: only one person can make a difference. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, "To Spring" is a notable classic of the cartoon era. What is even more remarkable is that the director of this cartoon made his debut here. And who is the director of "To Spring"? It's a certain William Hanna ...
