What happens when the average citizen discovers that he has supernatural powers? The premise may seem familiar. The Guardians? Unbreakable? However, the Russian science fiction film, The Sword Bearer, is far from the standard stock. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha who, as a boy, was shunned from society, his peers and relatives due to a supernatural power he possesses. When he desires or his anger allows, a sword extends from his arm piercing his own skin. Very wolverinish? Maybe ... but that's not the interesting part of this movie. Shunned all his life and driven by anger (and a temper he has), our "hero" returns to his hometown to change his life or find a reason for it. The only thing he finds here is the problem when an encounter with the old boyfriend of an old woman leaves him bloody on the floor. This is where revenge and anger come into play. This is a man you do not want to cross and from that point the mafia and the police are after him. He meets a girl and falls in love instantly, just like her and that's what the movie is all about. <br /> <br /> The film is highly impressionistic with daring colors and noir connotations coupled with short and extreme action sequences. This is the home of art at its core, beautifully filmed with so much attention to detail in every scene about the horrific science fiction action. It's this weird mash that interests me a lot in this movie. The directors' approach to this genre is refreshing, focusing on Sasha's emotional journey rather than a direct action movie. Do not worry, the action is there and a lot of it. However, many of these sequences show only violence implied with images of the terrible consequences. This is not to say that the action is not shown. These scenes are here and are fantastic (especially the end where we see the full powers of Sasha unleashed in despair). The director chooses to imply the violence of many scenes to stay focused on the character's emotional struggle. This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre.
