IT'S OK. I admit. I am one of those nerds who spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful television set watching science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first date in space, and since then I've changed partners regularly. I have seen everything, it seems, and my favorites are 'Lexx', 'Farscape' and the new 'Battlestar Galactica', that is, the latest new generation space operas. But I also have a general passion for the old-fashioned, the cheapest ones, like the BBC's magnificent show Blakes7. Here budgets are smaller than hobbits, special effects seem to be made on a Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are crisp and cleverly written with black humor, the acting is serious and sometimes even loud? <Br /> <br /> But why do they always speak English in the future of space? Because this is not the future, it is fantasy for children. Still, it can be annoying at times. I, being a Norwegian, have often cursed this shocking fact that never a series of genres, like science fiction, is ever made for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought about the fact that this could have happened. But it happened, in fact, once, and even in my own homeland, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV theater section) of our national utility channel Nrk produced this three-episode version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I first heard it, I was not surprised by the fact that to this day the show has only been shown once in Norway, making it impossible for me to actually see it. It was on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television too, back then, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release, not a surprise, and when it was shown in an art studio, it happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about Blindpassasjer that did not surprise me, which was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo basically introduced the genre SciFi to the Norwegians in the 1970s; they published anthologies and wrote what they called fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers, and wrote several great and entertaining novels, even masterpieces, some hilarious, such as "Bazaar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". No one but this guy, also an acclaimed playwright, could build the script for "Blindpassasjer". <br /> <br /> When I finally got to watch it, it was because of a stranger from Sweden who recorded the three episodes on the VCR in the 80's, eventually managed to turn it into a DVD and give it to me. He was a nice guy. So I sat down and watched, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and mistakes; but the thing came and I was surprised that I finally came to love it. <br /> <br /> The outer scenes with spaceships and planets are better than those of Blakes7, and credit goes to the studios of Caprino (who made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the interior of the Marco Polo ( the spacecraft) works better than I expected. The acting is typically theatrical, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to say the least, and Bjørn Floberg plays his role solidly, just like Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Moan delivers her speeches in a serious, laid-back tone that fits the genre, but this is a piece of ensemble, and I'm happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen carries her mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbye is a really hot chic of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really that good? Well, one must swallow the rather abrupt end, the pretentious critique of 'modern society', but, yes, it is, well, not really fantastic, but charming, cold, nostalgic, and pleasant. An hour and a half of Norwegian classic SciFi.
