Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a very good thriller that also examines the lives of 'outsiders', people living on the periphery of our vision who struggle with the need to 'fit in'. Director Jacques Audiard and co-writer Tonino Benacquista have created a tense, tight, and completely entertaining thriller that makes some meaningful statements about normal individuals and their difficulties. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is an ordinary Jane, most deaf, thirty-something unseen secretary to a company whose life is socially and sexually isolated and whose vision of the future is rather daunting. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel) a newly released ex-spouse who responds to an ad to be Carla's assistant. There was a mutual physical revulsion at the first meeting: Carla was waiting for a well-mannered and gentle man to fulfill her fantasies, and Paul was a despicable, rude fellow who was not impressed to be a clerk. His concepts change quickly when Paul rescues Carla's job by filling out his application to steal a letter that would cost him the job and Paul discovers Carla's lip-reading ability, which he sees as a way of spying on criminals from his past who threaten his life for money in debt. Then, this strange couple joins forces and, together, enters into a dangerous stratagem to gain Paul's safety and freedom. The relationship is full of twists and turns with each of these unlikely characters fulfilling roles in their lives that fill the loopholes in their isolation walls in surprising ways. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel offer performances of bravery. and the rest of the cast is evenly strong. Once again Alexandre Desplat produced a musical score that increases tension and the director of photography Mathieu Vadepied finds all the lighting and right angles to suggest the worlds of isolation of the characters, as well as the sense of Hitchcockian suspense. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transformative to history: it shows us the difference between "listening" to the world with and without hearing aids, and in so doing, makes some powerful social commentaries. This is a great movie that stays in the ranks of the best of the French genre noir film. Recommended. Grady Harp
