All of you who have despaired looking at the emptiness and weaknesses of the latest Disney Studios productions, here comes something that should heal your wounds ... Once and for all, the life of an insect brings proof that purely synthetic images lead to a good interest scenario than fake "handmade like the Disney" designs (see Lion King, Pocahontas and all the latest productions where you unfortunately regret that the magical atmosphere and Bambi's atmosphere are gone forever). <br /> <br /> The life of an insect (1001 Pattes to my fellow French cinemaniaks!) You can avoid all the imperfections that make you wake up in the middle of the movie and say "Hey, this thing is computer generated!" With no weak parts, a tremendous effort showing its efficiency in the backgrounds and overall visuals of the scenarios, an amazing 3D bird (almost perfect in its imitation of reality) ... and that's just to mention the technical aspects. <Br /> <br /> The scenery, my friends, the true backbone of a movie, has some thickness! Interestingly, and obviously thanks to the Lasseter team, there is virtually no musical sequence in the life of an insect. Which means the story is long and rich enough to break free of those 3 or 4 minutes that some kids enjoy, but most people do not like it (the same thing for parents or anime fans as me). This movie reminded me of a very old movie with Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: the 3 Amigos; had basically the same background story (a whole Mexican village living in the fear of some thugs hiring gunslingers (who finally become actors) to protect them, etc ...). Simple but efficient, and brilliantly adapted to a colony of frightened ants facing the wrath of vicious insects. Since microcosms, many movies tell stories of insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but I think that the life of an insect is the funniest and best directed of all. The process of humanization was perfectly achieved ... And the whole audience was captivated by the adventures of Flik (aka Tilt in France). A big thank you from the Lasseter team, especially for the last 30 seconds. .. it's so strange and great at the same time to see a whole theater caught laughing while the insects / actors forget their lines or hit the camera ... <br /> <br /> And finally, especially for those of you Who saw the French version, other congratulations go to the actors of dubbing that did a great work of synchrony in this film. The life of a bug is really a good piece of entertainment, and I think soon it will become part of my collection of videos (a privilege granted to very few movies, and this is not a storage problem :). Go and see, this is an order.
