Pixar has had tremendous success over the years with the full CGI animated films they created. "The Life of an Insect" was the second of a whole set of features they have made so far, preceded by the company's debut feature, the groundbreaking "Toy Story," which was the first CGI feature film. I remember when this accompaniment was heavily heralded at the time of its release in the late 1990s, but I never saw it until November 2006. I watched it twice that month and, more than three years later, I saw a third Tempo. It has never impressed me as much as probably any other Pixar movie I've seen, but after three previews, I still think it's better than some of the movies I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to an ant colony. These ants are forced to collect food for a gang of locusts that come and get them every year. A member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation for causing problems with his inventions, even if he does not want to. One year, when the colony has finished preparing the annual offer, Flik accidentally knocks her down in a stream just before the locusts come to get her! Grasshopper leader Hopper decides to give them a second chance to collect food and prepare them by the end of the season, but they will have to double their supply! Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony that he find "warrior insects" to fight against the locusts when they return. Princess Atta, the future Queen, lets him go on this mission just so he is not around to cause trouble as the colony tries to collect food for another offering. The inventor finds a bunch of insects that he thinks are warriors, but after he takes them back to Ant Island and introduces them, he discovers they are not warriors but circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second feature of Pixar never surprised me at all? For me, none of them really stood out as much as they could have, and generally it seems a bit bland. Fortunately, though, it's not like "Shark Tale," a movie with a very stupid and unpleasant main character. "The Life of an Insect" has a very nice main character, to which viewers can twist. The story also seems a little bland at times, but most of the time, it's good enough to keep the movie at least moderately entertaining, and sometimes has a good suspense, especially later. The humor, like certain other aspects of the movie, is not as good as it might have been, but there are definitely funny moments, some of them involving Francis, a male ladybug who is sometimes mistaken for a female. You can always expect great excitement from Pixar, and the excitement in this particular effort of them is no exception. With all this film has to offer, it may be a little disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it is a reasonable family entertainment.
