Carla works for a real estate developer where she stands out as unattractive, depreciated and desperate. She is also deaf. <br /> <br /> Your boss offers to hire someone to ease his or her heavy workload so that she can seize the opportunity to assure herself of some male company. Help comes in the form of Paul, a tattooed bandit newly released from prison and clearly unsuitable for the polite routine of an office environment. <br /> <br /> An implicit sexual tension develops between the two and Carla is determined to keep it, despite her reluctance to embrace the workweek. When Carla leaves a major contract, she is negotiating with a slimy colleague who exploits Paul's criminality by stealing him back. The colleague quickly realizes he's behind the robbery, but when he confronts her, Paul's readiness to punch people in the face comes in handy too - but this villain comes at a price. Paul is passed on by some Mafia acquaintances as a reminder about unpaid debt. He formulates a plan that uses Carla's unique lip-reading skills to steal a gang of violent bank robbers. Now it's Carla's turn to enter a new scary world. <br /> <br /> Director Jacques Audiard's long room, 'READ MY LIPS' begins as a romantic drama engulfing two marginalized losers just to shift gears halfway. a nervous thriller where their symbiotic shortcomings turn them into winners. The links are excellent; effortlessly convincing us that this strange couple could actually connect. Carla's first encounter with Paul is an amusing farce in which she attempts to circumnavigate her rude ways of reticence and incarceration only to discover that he was until very recently a prisoner. Emmanuelle Devos, who plays Carla, has this almost exclusive ability to go from tacky to beautiful and back inside a frame. Vincent Cassel plays Paul as a cornered dog who only seems to really be at home when he is being beaten or inventing the copy that will probably kill him. Like many French films, 'READ MY LIPS' Appears, at first, about nothing in particular until you scratch beneath the surface and discover that it is probably about everything. The only bad note is a subplot of the missing wife of Paul's parole officer; a device that seems designed only to help direct the main thrust of the story into a pleasant dead-end. <br /> <br /> It was the French 'New Wave' of the 60s that introduced the concept for the first time. of "genre" to make movies and have always felt that any medium is a little compromised when you have to use a label system to help define it; so it's always a pleasure to discover a movie that seems to transcend the genre or, better yet, challenge it.
