Watching Insect Life for the first time in a long time, I could not fail to see comparisons with Happy Feet last year. As for the main plot, they are very similar, an outcast doing what they can to fit in while trying to be special. This shows how the film could have been better without its liberal diatribe ending. Many people disagree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's second work. Of course you can not capture the splendor of Toy Story, nor the animation out of this world. However, the story is top notch and the characters are wonderful to pass the time. With lots of laughter and a moral heart to start with, I could watch it as much as the other studio classics. <br /> <br /> There is a lot about finding strength from within to win all odds here. Between our Flick leadership needing to maintain their self-esteem to save their colony, the colony needing to open their eyes to a new way of living for the future, and the circus bugs discovering that they are more than just crazy about sideshow without talent, all evolve to a better bug by the end of the story. Even the villainous Hopper is utterly carnal and threatening for the right reasons. He is not doing this to be mean, but instead understands the fact that the ants outnumber the 100 to 1. He needs them to fear him so he will not have to worry about them discovering the truth. It is much more a circle of life, but not one that can not evolve with the ages. <br /> <br /> When you think of animation, it is really very good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the time, this is much more realistic and less caricatured. The water is well processed, as are the foliage. You do not have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how much detail went into production. The reflections and the humidity, despite the smooth exterior, show the realism. All bugs are finely crafted as well. The flies in town and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants are never spared, either by a small role or by a more expanded one. It is also in the city that we see the work in the surroundings. While Ant Island is good, it's just the outdoors. Bug City contains a lot of junk, doubling up like buildings and clubs. It's a great show of humor and inventiveness to see what animators have used for everything. From the trays of ice cubes like circus stands, the box of animal biscuits like circus wagon complete with complete nutrition guide on the side and compiling crazy boxes to create a Times Square of billboards and facades, everything is done right. <br /> As much as humor, you have to credit the performance talent to wonderful delivery and inspired paper choices. No one could make a better male ladybug than Dennis Leary with his biting wit. I dare you to think of someone better. Our tracks are great too with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the film, but also occupies the center of errors during the credits. Yes, The Life of Insect was the creator of the animated captures of Pixar, a tradition that continued. With lots of jokes about fussy insults, you also have to support the huge cast of support. Filled with "those guys actors," are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft as Heimlich the worm that bring the biggest laughs. Overall, it may be the simplest story ever brought to the Pixar screen, which has been told in one form or another countless times over the years, but is inspired enough and fresh enough to provide a pleasant experience. There are moments of joy, sad moments and even thrilling action-packed scenes, with birds coming in to have fun. Complete with some of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, there's not much harm I can think of to say about it.
