Lately I've been watching a lot of Tom Hanks films and Chaplin's old movies and even some of Rowan Atkinson's early Bean performances, and it seems they all have their own unique charm that permeates all of their work, something that allows them to identify with members of the audience of all ages in a way that makes you feel good. Insect Life has the same charm, has a connection with real life that allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept many speaking insects, because even if they speak, they still ACT as real bugs. It's as if the team that made the film found a way to bring us to a child's mind and allow us to think like them, to imagine insects as a young mind does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I cringed. The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and for me, A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of this movie, even though the animation is so impressive and this style of storytelling only opens so many things. more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still keep is the best animated film ever), because the story of Insect Life is not as good as Toy Story, but almost nothing is. The important thing is that it's still wonderful fun. The story concerns a colony of insects that have an impressively developed society, primarily geared toward building a food crop, most of which goes to the tyrannical grasshoppers, far superior in strength and general malice. , and hopefully they will still leave enough for the insects to spend the winter. We get some visits from the locusts, which make it clear that if insects provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be dire. And, by any chance, the similarities between this disabling level of food extraction is remarkably similar to Mao Tse-tung's vicious force of food from his own people during the Great Leap Forward. <br /> <br /> Fun and excitement begins. when Flik, ​​the main character, sets off on a mission to find a gang of warrior insects appropriate to come back and help defend the colony against the locusts. You see, he spilled all the food accumulated and put everyone in great danger, so he feels it is his responsibility, but he inadvertently ends up hiring a bunch of circus bug artists. Great for the public, not so good for the safety of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late 1990's when so many movies seemed to have come out in pairs, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, A Bug's Life and Antz, etc. Comparisons between Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, though it seems clear to me that The Life of Insect is by far the top film, not just because it's not starring Woody Allen stammering and whimpering through the lead role. This is great fun for the family!
