Such a happy world was created for us in Pixar's Insect Life; we are immersed in a universe that could only be documented in a fun way in the film, but more precisely in a universe that could only be documented through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what an abundant and exuberant world animation can offer? When is it in the right hands? Insect Life is a warm reminder. We left the film with an equally warm feeling, and a sense of satisfaction derived only from high caliber film productions. <br /> <br /> It's just the second animation animation of Pixar. The Disney subgroup made its spectacular and perhaps unnoticed debut in the movie world three years earlier in 1995 with its landmark movie Toy Story. It was a film that challenged the conventions, reinvented and breathed new life into animation and set a new level of excellence. Now, they return with their second work which, to be honest, draws a sense of cynicism in all of us before seeing the movie. After all, it's an ants movie. Well, all the walks in the world of insects and insects are covered by Insect Life, but it's the ant that is the focal point in this film because humans are the focal point in dramas, novels and so on. How can such an insignificant species of animal as an ant act as the protagonist of a film, let alone provide the whole premise of a film? Certainly they play. However, we forgot that in Toy Story, a bunch of toy box items was able to become the largest, most inspirational and amiable bunch of heroes and already invented animated villains. The Pixar guys can do the same, and they can turn a bunch of dirty little pets into the nicer, nicer gang of worms you're likely to encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all lovely and friendly? there is not an unpleasant character in sight; even the villains are fascinating characters ?? but they are colorful, eclectic and idiosyncratic. And the variety of characters is also gigantic for lack of a better term, just adding the rich layers of distinctiveness already embedded in Insect Life from the start. We'll start with our main character and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is pretty generic to say the least. Of the thousands of faithful and obedient worker ants residing on the lush and beautiful Island of the Ant, he is considered the 'black sheep' of the clan, as seen in the opening moments of the film, when he inadvertently destroys the harvest of the season with The Problem arises in the fact that the ant harvest is for a bunch of greedy grasshoppers led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who are eager to continue to assert their anger and autocracy among men. insignificant ants; when they appear on Ant Island for their annual banquet and see that their offer is gone, they go insane for lack of a better term. Hopper offers a proposal to save the ants of total extinction in the hands of their pack; however, it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to fulfill. The gears and watchmaking in Flik's mind work full steam now, despite his guilt and shame, and he offers to leave Ant Island in search of some mighty warriors who can come to the rescue of the colony and fight against Hopper and the locusts . If you think about it, Bug's Life bears a strong resemblance to Akira Kurosawa's classic plot, Seven Samurai, or the American remake The Magnificent Seven, in which a village of unfortunate but good-hearted people is threatened by evil and evil enemies ?? a lonely villager of the village goes in search of help in the big city, finds it and returns to the colony to expel the evil. In A Bug's Life, help comes in the form of a circus troupe that is mistakenly perceived by Flik as warriors in a bar brawl. <br /> <br /> A lot of fun comes from these scenes. and a lot of fun comes from these circus critters. Among them, a learned insect (David Hyde Pierce), an obese German caterpillar that resembles a side named Heimlich and an almost femme fatale ladybug, which is actually a brave and masculine ladybug (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely enjoyable to watch these bugs on the screen as it is to watch insects and insects interact on the screen, as well as the whole movie collectively. <br /> <br /> Like I said, a lot of fun and joy come. out of their characters and cheerful interactions with each other, they give way to a bunch of hilarious lines, wonderfully suspenseful and fascinating situations and, in general, a dazzling movie. What makes Insect Life even better is that the movie is not simply restricted to children as many may realize, although children actually find more entertainment out of this film? the child friendly cliché situations are a bit more plentiful than we would like. However, it's easy to ignore that flaw, and it's incredibly easy to enjoy this movie. Although Insect Life may not meet the stunning and striking patterns set by its predecessor, this is still an excellent film, and the beginning of something promising here. Pixar proved that they are not just a marvel of a hit, but rather a talented and talented group of Hollywood movie artists. They raise the bar endlessly, and when one can always surpass their standards, it is always by themselves. What else is there to say about the life of an insect other than: see; It's not quite the best we've seen from staff in Emeryville, California, but is that much better than your year? and I'll be damned if this is not the best animated film of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
