(originally a response to a movie critic who said that A Bug's Life was too much, too fast - he was "confused and exhausted" with the visuals, and seemed to completely ignore the story) First, I'm 26, I work, I go to school and I have a fiance. " So maybe I'm crazy and just very good at hiding it ... but not only did I NOT leave the Insect Life exhausted or stunned, it was not until I saw for the second time that I could even begin to really appreciate the art and the humor of the spectacular visuals - because the first time I went to see this movie, I became so involved in the story and the characters I AM FORGOTTEN that I should be sitting there being "impressed" by each picture visually. How can you not empathize with Flik and your life from road to hell with good intentions? "Heck" in fact, I found myself identifying with that little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) in far more ways than one ... and that, by itself, tells me more about the amazing movie that is than an entire book about his beautiful sweet eyes. Of course, it's beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with the technology is incredible (you can read your lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling burst of movement and color. No, Insect Life would be static if it were all that and there was no story. But I'm glad to say it is not! Life of an insect has real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on, both in the plot and visually, but that's because the story and the characters really have some depth to them! Just because it's a children's movie does not mean you have to turn your brain off at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Also, I think the PIXAR team did it for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows, in the amount of heart it has. This movie is touching, touching, funny, intriguing and generally captivating. The character's development in such a cast is incredible, there is a lot of character growth, not just the main character - so rare in animation and often in movies in general. It does not hit your head with your points once made - every scene, every frame has a reason in the story to be there, and there are no free shots. Not always explicitly declaring in words exactly what is happening means subtlety, to me, personal; means not "dumbing down" your movie and assuming the audience is stupid, which most of the time is not. All I can think of is that if you can see Insect Life and feel nothing, then you should never make a big mistake, hurt your friends, fall in love, feel frustrated by no one listening lied to someone you liked, felt like a social misfit, got excited about a new idea, had a great idea, had what you thought was a great idea backfiring, it was an embarrassing and confident moment in the next, felt the pressure of responsibility, he felt lonely against the crowd, felt like a failure, felt a great success, felt the need to make a difference in his life in the lives of others ... well, you understood. Final words: A + rating from me; please if you are going to see it try to see it in the theater (pan and scan the video will not work for this movie); If you love Toy Story, you'll probably love it (PIXAR knows how to make heart movies); if you love him or see him several times or you still do not know what he's missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); and whenever you're feeling too low, just pretend it's a seed, okay?
