While I do not think this was a perfect 10, I agree it was way above a 6, which is what is rated here. No, the Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes, the plot has already been done many times. That does not mean it should not be done again if it is well done and I think this movie had some strong moments. The performance of Claire Danes, as has been mentioned many times, was impeccable, just as Kate Beckinsell and I thought Bill Pullman was absolutely fantastic, as well as supporting performances (Pullman's wife, corrupt cop, jumping or traveling or whatever its name). The cinematography was also beautifully filmed, there was a lot that is good for this movie, even though there were some negatives (three of the major ones I found) too. <br /> <br /> Here's what I did not like about the friendship between the girls - in fact, the individual personalities of the girls - was not developed in depth until the middle of the picture. It would not have been unlikely to lose interest before that, because despite the positive aspects, more character development should have been done earlier and certain scenes such as when the girls were originally imprisoned were almost covered up, so there was a bit more without development of characters and scenes that I think would be appropriate for this type of film. This, however, is not my biggest problem. AND WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The ending, as mentioned dozens of times, was already AWFUL. It was horrible in two respects. First of all, although it was predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a movie like this, there is a sense that justice will be served and I went through it to see it. I was genuinely shocked by the ending and it was carried out with excellence by all involved, but I feel that the two girls should have left or, save that, at least the policeman should have what was happening to him. I mean, nothing happens. For the bad guys, they all get away with it. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> Besides, I do not understand the ambiguity of the ending. I understand endings that are inspired to make one think, but this was not a mystery or "Clue" type film we were watching, and I would have liked to know something about what actually happened, who was to blame, etc. no longer deciding this, but since I doubt there will be a sequel, I did not want to be guessing. <br /> <br /> Still, there was a lot to like about this movie, and the acting is definitely at the top of the list, I'd rate this 7.5 and say it's definitely worth a look.
