In the movie "Brokedown Palace," directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate high school on a trip to Hawaii, but they hear that Bangkok, Thailand, is much more fun . They switched plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents about the change of plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a very handsome guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He says he would trade his first-class ticket to Hong Kong for three economic passes so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted the offer and, upon entering the airport, the two were arrested for smuggling drugs. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan was trying to show the public that it's wise to make good decisions, because in one instance, a bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. Moreover, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we thought when we discovered the true intentions of this friendly face. These girls made the decision not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that changed their lives forever. Things have a funny way of showing us which decision we make the verses of the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not fair, which is why it's important to think hard about the choices we make, because we can never go back and change the choices we've made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great scenario; was filmed mainly in Bangkok in Thailand. This movie also has great music; some of my favorite songs are 'Silence' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Deliver me' by Sarah Bightman and 'Party's started by' by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naïve and could not think of their plans at all, a mistake anyone could make, so this movie is good for any audience. It makes no difference young or old - we are all human and subject to error. Even so, I did not like the way this movie got me into question - who really smuggled drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
