We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there really are only one or two people with whom you feel very close, the people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are so. You can see this from the beginning. They graduated together, they go to parties together and decide to go to Bangkok together when they should be going to Hawaii. They are also arrested for trying to smuggle drugs into a third-world country and this represents a disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and not losing hope. He also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. <br /> <br /> The Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, not great and is due to some problems I want to talk about. But first I want to say what is good about the movie. And for starters, the acting is top notch, and you need look no further than the two protagonists. The Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is always hot and looks a bit rough, but she looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes this fun can put you in trouble. Darlene is always a little conservative, and although this may be annoying at times, it would have served the two girls better if she went her way instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is suitable as the American lawyer who lives in Thailand. The film is photographed very well as well. The prison interior is not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, but it does show the necessary (but underdone) lack of hope of the situation in which it is. The direction of Johnathin Kaplan is also very good. We see the two girls struggling to survive each day, but you can see that their spirit is being put on a little more each day. The Brokedown Palace is great when it talks about friendship and shows how they need to trust each other to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the movie soundtrack. It enhances and complements the mood of the movie to perfection. The music you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie, and when you play, you feel the situation of the women in that prison. You can feel how they should feel alone and how desperate they are to get out and get back to the simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are at living in the society we make. We have it easy compared to any country and believe it or not music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. Some of the songs are made by a group called Delirium (I think), but it's Sara McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you spell your last name?) That makes the lyrics and your voice is beautiful and haunting and adds a lot to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I did not like about the movie was a little of the stupidity that girls exhibit. I will not tell you what they do, but when you see for yourself, you know what I'm talking about. I also did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looked more like a minimum security prison, and it may be because when there are similar circumstances in other films involving men serving time in a foreign country, the prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not understand it here. Overall, this is a great movie and really makes you ask the question, "How far would you go for a friend?" This is a difficult question and maybe one that none of us could honestly answer until be placed in the same situation. Let's just hope this never happens.
