I saw this movie a million years ago (5 years to be exact) ago for the first time. In light of recent events with the Australian Schapelle Corby being arrested in Indonesia for the so-called contraband pot, I decided to watch this movie again. I exclaimed to cry my heart, because I'm sucker for the hot girls in need (just read my review of 'Laurie Chase Show'). A little moisture escaped my eyes, but they were hardly buckets full of tears. Because? Not because the two heroines were not absolutely adoring and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking to see these two boys at the height of their lives arrested in near-inhuman conditions. So why? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I rented a movie like this, I except being moved, sobbing as if there was no tomorrow, feeling miserable and liking. This movie was simply too short to do that. It was as if the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot, and in so doing the psychological aspect was cast aside. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did a great job portraying the emotions of the two friends, but this movie just screamed for more pictures of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) surroundings. The mental journey is missing here for some reason. You can only see the main moments (which are very touching, I admit), probably because of poor editing. Sometimes I felt like these girls were walking in a postcard. The relationship with family members could also have used a little more attention. What about relationships between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You have a glimpse of it, but the film does not offer the whole picture, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> However, this was a great movie, and in the end I had to bite my lip a little. But I think this has more to do with the acting (and appearance) abilities of the actresses (and the music) than with the director's merit. To be honest, I barely knew who Kate Beckinsale was before watching this movie (again). I'm a fan now! Great movie, as long as you do not expect it to be a classic movie.
