James J. Corbett, world heavyweight champion between 1892 and 1897, ended up being the favorite role of Errol Flynn. Possibly because he did not have to wield a sword or be in a western. He got tired of the braggart and said in his autobiography that he thought he was evil in the western and could not understand why people liked him in them. It's a nice movie, but it hardly tells the true story of James J. Corbett. As pictured Corbett was the first scientific boxer to win the heavyweight division, a man who used his brain and speed more than brute force to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost to Bob Fitzsimmons the heavyweight crown. He was also a compulsive womanizer and very much like the man who portrayed him. Of course this was not shown on the screen. The character Alexis Smith plays, the daughter of the banker who falls in love with him, has no basis in reality. Corbett, in fact, was married twice and was blatantly unfaithful with his two wives. <br /> <br /> Still, after he lost the title and after the events of the movie were completed, he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father in a moment of depression, probably on the finances, because he lost heavily betting on his son to beat Bob Fitzsimmons, shot his mother and then turned the gun on himself. Murder / suicide hardly fits with the happy clan Alan Hale presided over. <br /> <br /> One thing I liked about Gentleman Jim. Ward Bond landed the career role of his life in playing John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh had a great Bond performance as Sullivan, but lovely. Even taking into account some of Sullivan's down sides that do not hit the screen like rabid racism, Bond's portrait is John L.'s quintessence and the best thing about Gentleman Jim. Speaking of racism, one thing that should have been said was the fact that Sullivan as champion refused because of the race to meet Peter Jackson who was black and from Australia and probably the best heavy weight of your time. I say probably because as defiant Corbett found him and fought him for 61 rounds for a draw. This fight, more than any other, has created a demand for a Sullivan-Corbett title fight. Of course, when Corbett was a champion, he refused to give the title a chance. Maybe he did not want another 61-round marathon with someone who could have been better on that particular day. Jim Gentleman is not Jim Corbett's story, it's a film by Errol Flynn playing James J Corbett But Corbett if he were alive in 1942 would undoubtedly have loved the film and loved the portrait of Flynn of your life. It's how he would have liked to have been remembered.
