If you are looking for a definitive biography of the life of boxer James Corbett then this probably is not the movie for you. The famous boxing fighter gets a "Hollywoodization" of his life in 1940 - making the story a lot more fun and engaging than real life. However, as the performances were so good (particularly by Errol Flynn) and the script so enjoyable, the embellishments of the film can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays boxer James of the '90s James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett- a man who became boxing world champion in 1892. The film goes from its somewhat humble beginnings and follows his through his career through him winning the title fight against John L. Sullivan. However, although he may have focused mainly on the games, most are fairly brief in the film (except for the final match of the title) and the emphasis is on Corbett's impetuous personality as well as his relationship with the woman played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, there is an excellent supporting work done by a cast of wonderful supporting actors (such as the perennial supporting actor in Flynn's films, Alan Hale) and the writing really helped to bring these people to life. <br /> <br /> It is particularly good about the film is seeing Flynn's athletics as a boxer. While some of the scenes are doubles, almost all the boxing scenes are from Flynn and he did a compelling job as a boxer. This was a good departure for Flynn, who usually played roles of "handsome boys" or bucks and this shows how hard he was. To learn more about this, try reading a biography of him - he was a rather rude character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now, as for REAL James Corbett, read if you are not. I'm not afraid to figure out how the film does not need it. In the first place, Corbett was not a poor guy coming from a poor family, but he was educated and brilliant college. Second, while he managed Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. Third, the wonderful final scene of the movie between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film, Sullivan was an idiot and this could never have happened - in fact, Sullivan was more egocentric and Corbett was not the fat one. face they portrayed in the film - despite having made a lovely movie.
