Flynn, known mostly for his buck roles (and his pranks in the bedroom!), Has a different footprint with this movie and works beautifully. Playing with real-life boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flynn links the charm of a choked San Francisco bank teller to a celebrated boxer, all the while keeping an eye on society deb Smith. He and best friend Carson attend an illegal fight and are arrested along with dozens of other men (and a dog!) Including a major judge. The next day, he has the chance, via Smith, to enter the judge's private club. He uses this opportunity to get into the good graces of his unique members and get a place as a resident boxer of the club. His extraordinarily competent ability in the sport soon takes him to face all opponents, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is absolutely magical here. He is the epitome of charm, charisma and appeal in that role. He looks great (especially in a hangover scene with his unkempt hair and wearing a white union suit) and does pretty much all his own stuntwork (awesome!) His line delivery is delicious and he is credible and friendly at the same time doubtful and hoarse. Smith exudes class and taste all pores and is a good match for Flynn. At this stage, he needed a woman who could withstand his advances and reputation (he was going through legal charges of rape at the time) and she did so admirably. She is repelled by her freshness and chivalrous attitude, but can hardly fail to fall under her enchanting spell. Bond is incredibly corpulent, muscular and imposing, but sensitive when the script asks. Amusing support is provided by a young and effervescent Carson. Frawley is his uncompromising ego as Flynn's coach. The rest of the cast is excellent, including Flynn's messy family and a variety of muffled types from Nob Hill. The whole thing is beautifully furnished and run safely. Some of the sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses border on the gaudy, but it fits in well with her hairstyles. It's a great glimpse into the early days of the boxing championship, but it's also a lot more. Some of them (such as the character traits shown by Flynn) are enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many are authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the fight scenes). One line is particularly memorable: "I believe in you as I do more than I love you, but it is entirely possible that I love you more than you love me." It is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers scattered for the whole script too).
