James J. Corbett's autobiography, "The Roar of the Crowd," was the starting point of this lively and well-remembered biography of fiction. The author was world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan, before the turn of the century. The events of the narrative depict Corbett as a cheeky but sympathetic and intelligent man whose conquest of the boxing world and social prejudice in his time when he was considered the son of Irish immigrants, a humble bank teller and no one surprised them all. It took several hours of exciting screen time and often fun to prove that his competitors were wrong. He's a bank teller when the movie opens, but somehow he accepts an invitation to a sports club for the well-to-do. He falls in love with a pretty, but snobby, girl with whom he always seems to be fighting, and he lives at home with a Corbetts clan fighting as much as with others. When he defeats the best of the club and a professional fighter in the neighborhood to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous for fighting. He goes out on the road with his friend, who acts as coach and trainer, and despite some upcoming setbacks, he gains all his attacks and attracts attention. Returning home to chase after his girl again, he tries to annoy Boston Strongboy, the powerful John L. Sullivan, who enters bars and says he can "lick any man in the world." Few believe he can win a fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" for his graceful manners and patrician looks surprises everyone, moving, dancing out of range and denying the power of the furious Sullivan. The best scene in the movie might come when a Sullivan beaten congratulating Corbett. The new champion rises so far, tells Sullivan a few years before he is any different, and shows him nothing but admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend as a result of his two performances, but at the end of the movie, when they visit their parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "The Corbetts are in it again." The films are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The screenplay was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence of Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickox made cinematography, with period decorations by Clarence Steensen and Ted Smith's art direction. Heinz Roemheld made the music and Milo Anderson the dresses. The film was skillfully directed by action film expert Raoul Walsh. Flynn also enjoyed working with Walsh, but he did not care about the other director he most often worked with, Michael Curtiz. Among the cast were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan in one of his finest enchanting performances Alexis Smith a bit uneven but clever as the girl Corbett loves and a very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man he seemed to enjoy-playing Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale his charismatic father, John Loder a wealthy enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki together for the pleasant process. It's hard to say enough about the logic and carefree fun that the film's creators have generated; is one of the most beloved of all sports biography films and, by my standards, one of the most enjoyable ones as well.
