After clearing my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now conquer this review for the complex French drama "Read My Lips." Having written more than five hundred reviews, I have never seen myself with as much loss of words as with the subtle but inspiring love story of director Jacques Audiard. Thought was shed on what was loved and hated about this movie, and while the "loves" dominated, it was the hated elements that provoked more debate inside my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. To be more precise, it is a character-driven drama that fuses social uncertainty with crime lords with the lull of daily office work. Here is where this review begins to crumble, are all these items? but it's more, much, much more. As a spectator, you are instantly drawn to Emmanuelle Devos's depiction of this frail woman named Carla, whose strength is lost to the men in her office as well as to her hearing difficulty. Audiard presents us harshly to her world by removing the sound from the screen whenever she is not using her help, causing immediate agitation not only of the characters within the film but for those who are watching. Without sound, the world is left open to any possibility, and this is scary. <br /> <br /> When we see this difficult and disturbing woman settling into her life, we are uprooted and have the opportunity to meet Paul (exquisitely played by Vincent Cassel), a slender man with long hair and a mustache who has just been released from prison, homeless, jobless and thanked by his probation officer for a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is that instant and disturbing moment of attraction. The one where we think she loves him, but he's bleak (and here's where it's even more fun) ?? and where we think he loves her, but she's dark. The constant reversal of roles creates the tone of the unknown. Who, as spectators, should we feel more sympathy? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract with a rival co-worker, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips is useful for an impromptu idea for Paul. The continuous jumps back and forth keep you in your chair, waiting for the possibility of some light shining through this dark cave. That never happens. Audiard can not only allow this story to happen, it continually presents us with more characters; one as decadent as the next. Even our rock, our solid base with the probation officer is in question when his wife disappears? a subplot to this movie that at first irritated me, but after further discussion it was a basic end to this movie. However, none of this could have happened had it not been for our characters. Devos's solemn, homely gaze is breathtaking as she changes her image to Paul; the truth of her beauty is discovered. Paul, the wildcard in the film, continues to seemingly use and abuse the friendship for its endgame. So, just as we assumed, Carla takes a final form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has incredible actors capturing his characters. Cassel and Devos could only play cards all the time and I would still be sitting at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weaker part of this movie, is at first random. The intertwined stories seem disconnected at first, but Audiard lets them connect little by little. Again, the entire segment of probation officers was tangent, but the final scene only solidified the ends for the media. Not trying to sound vague, but this complex (though totally straightforward) story is hard to explain. There's a lot going on, but it's up to you to connect the parts. A favorite scene is when Carla is trying to figure out where some money is being held. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like watching a mystery unfold before his eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, I initially thought this was a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget when it was over? I was proven wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the space for discussion, not just with the characters, but with the situations. Someone will find himself cheering for Carla in one scene and Paul in the other. When a discovery is made in Paul's apartment for Carla, I was deeply angry. Audiard brought real excitement to the screen with his characters and development, and what was he devoid of plot? the actors might charge. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; This is not a single-view movie. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Grade: **** out of *****
