As you may know, the subject here was to ask the eleven directors from around the world to do a short 11-minute, 9-second and one frame. Here we have: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What can Afghan refugee children understand when the towers crumble? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with great cinematography ... Imagine a deaf woman living by the WTC who sees without understanding that your dog beats ... Well, just look. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The greatest Eastern filmmaker has compassion ... For everyone: for an American soldier who died ten years ago, for the WTC people, but also for a Palestinian suicide bomber. Maybe the least tender movie for us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): good images, makes us travel, for sure ... It's not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): From one of the poorest countries in the world, a funny and funny story about five boys who want to capture Osama bin Laden ... And they could have done it, but no one believes them when they say they know where he it is. Ken Loach (uk): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a long and bloody dictatorship of twenty years. Thousands of deaths, torture: everything that was offered to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing this changes your point of view a lot! I think it's because of this that no American film distribution company has agreed to release the movie in American theaters! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we all know very well and many black screens. I did not get much of it, it's more of an artist video (to show in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israël): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., around a burning car in Jerusalem. Well done. - Mira Nair (India): on the anti-Islamic sentiment that followed September 11. Very good indeed. - Sean Penn (us): a funny little story that reminds us of a generally forgotten fact, the WTC had a huge shadow, and some places now have a daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): a different one. Here there is not a word about the WTC, and the action happens at the end of World War II. It has only one message: no war is sacred. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director apparently would have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- so --- A great movie, a great attempt to take the temperature of the world. I love it.
