French production in which leading film directors from 11 countries were invited to create 11-minute shorts conveying their thoughts on the events of 11 September. <br /> <br /> Film segments vary greatly in content and quality. Two allude to US complicity in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, represented in the segment by British director Ken Loach, and in Palestine by US-backed Israelis, shown in the segment of Egyptian director Youssef Chahine ). Two others remember other destructive acts (a Palestinian suicide bombing in Tel Aviv, fired by Israeli director Amos Gitan, the Japanese "holy war" against the West in World War II by Shohei Imamura). Ironies abound in many stories. Shadows that darken an old man's apartment in New York suddenly disappear as the World Trade towers line up on Sean Penn's piece, bringing momentary joy to the man. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Nair's film, based on a real incident, a missing young man, also in New York City, the son of a Pakistani family, is considered a fugitive terrorist, but later he becomes a hero who sacrificed himself by trying to save others in the towers . <br /> <br /> There are poignant moments scattered everywhere. Loach has his exiled Chilean man quote Saint Augustine in the sense that hope is built of anger and courage: anger at the way things are, courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her young Afghans, exiled in Iran, trying to talk about the events that have just happened in New York. But they are understandably more impressed by a major event in their refugee camp, where two men fell into a deep pit, one killed, the other held a broken leg. This is a large-scale understandable tragedy for the 6-year-old. Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso creates a drama in which the son of a sick woman views Osama bin Laden in his village and gathers his friends to help capture the fugitive terrorist in order to obtain the $ 25 million US reward. He tells his friends not to let any adult know his plans, as the elders would simply waste money on cars and cigarettes as he plans to help his mother and others who are sick and destitute. <br /> <br /> It is Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (creator of "Amores Perros") who provides by far the most powerful and chilling segment, which mostly shows only a dark screen with audio tapes of songs and voices and occasional deaf sounds. Brief visuals gradually allow us to see bodies falling from the tall towers of the towers, and it occurs to us that the bangs are these bodies hitting the ground. The sequence ends with elegiac orchestral music and a still shot, having a phrase shown only in Arabic, then with an added translation: "Does the light of God guide or blind us?" (In several languages ​​with English subtitles) Note: 8/10 (B +). (Seen on 10/31/04). If you want to read more about my comments, send me a message about routes to my websites.
