It was clear from the start that September 11 would inspire as many films as World War II and Vietnam together; however, there is certainly a great danger that most of these films are as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is fortunate that the first international release on September 11 is not a love story with a lot of beautiful faces but a collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I do not mean that all 11 episodes are great (Youssef Chahine, for example, has an unnecessary prologue with many cuts and Shohei Imamura has a really bizarre ending) or that the segments are in the right order (being Imamura the only one not referring directly to the Twin Towers, should open the film, not end it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last, as it is the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting portrait of how other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the opening segment of Samira Makhmalbaf in which an Afghan teacher tries to explain to his students what happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggests a minute of silence. Or the part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which features a bin Laden much like the real you'll be shocked when you see it, I promise), in which 5 boys reflect on good things that can be done with the reward given. On Laden. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and extremely irritated) segment of Ken Loach about a man from Chile talking about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11" - on that September 11 Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have become a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad tale and shares my recognition for the best segment with Inarritu (mainly sound impressions and phone calls of the planes hijacked to a black screen, sometimes some photos of people falling from the WTC and finally a collapsing tower, ending with the screen shining and a question popping up) and Amos Gitai about a hysterical reporter trying desperately to get into the air after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (difficult to recognize, but this one is a masterpiece- <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about a show of Mira Nair's Srebrenica Women - strange, but it takes an Indian director to do the part that is probably more attractive to Western tastes - about a Muslim family whose son is under a terrifying suspicion after Sept. 11 and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower leading the most depressing life imaginable) to a single movie that is not easy to watch and difficult to forget. I'm sure that this film will be a classic known to everyone 30 years from now. I hope you are remembered for starting a long tradition of world cinema films. But unfortunately, it is far more likely to be remembered as a one-film effort. And as one of the few films of September 11 made so far that do not reduce this terrible event to a love story with a happy ending just to please the public.
