This 2007 character-driven thriller is like a big, juicy piece of Shakespeare-level fillet from a filmmaker who knows how to extract extraordinarily ferocious and extravagant performances from his actors. Consider to begin with - Henry Fonda's solitary juror in "Twelve Angry Men," Katharine Hepburn's Mary Tyrone in "Long Day's Journey Into Night," the conflicted survivor of Rod Steiger's concentration camp in "The Pawnbroker," the William Holden on "Network" and alcoholic lawyer for Paul Newman in "The Verdict". The list covers some of the best screen work of the last half century, and you can safely add Andy Hanson, from Philip Seymour Hoffman, to the ranks. At age 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of octogenarian fatigue, and in fact, he delights in the melodramatic twists of the coarse script by the beginning scriptwriter Kelly Masterson. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small. as he focuses on the moral commitments that unfold in a family where two brothers were desperate for immediate cash. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in his latest film, the strangely nipped "Cassandra's Dream," but Lumet is neither squeezed nor wary of his ferocious approach to this inescapable tale of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that should be victimless. Diverting payroll funds from his real estate company to keep his neglected wife Gina happy and to satisfy an expensive habit, Andy is about to be exposed in an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of post-divorce and codependent insecurities, lagging behind in his alimony and alimony. <br /> <br /> Andy invents a supposedly foolproof plan to steal the suburban jewelry store from his parents. none of them should be there. The goal was for the brothers to pick up the transport and the parents to claim insurance. Murphy's Law intervenes in every possible way, starting with Andy pressing Hank to do the work himself. After some brotherly ball, Hank agrees, but with much fear of doing it alone, he recruits a reckless street boy, armed to deal with the robbery. By fate, the assault occurs on the day Andy and Hank's mother is opening the store, and things quickly get out of control there. Although the technique of counting and coming back is not new (for example, Alejandro González Iñárritu's "21 Grams"), Masterson's approach works effectively by delineating certain events from multiple perspectives so that you understand how each character is led to repercussions of the unfortunate. <br /> <br /> The performance is perfect, starting with Hoffman's mesmerizing acting as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose cold exterior and innate amorality hide layers of resentment towards his family. I thought he was great at "The Savages" of Tamara Jenkins, but he's even better here. Lumet even draws a solid performance from the usually unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hank, imbuing him with the emasculated weakness that informs each poorly planned move. Like his fierce father, Albert Finney acts with his typical late-career braggart, but he provides the necessary foundation for the complexities of the Oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a clever choice to play Gina, as the actress economically fits the receptive and vigilant nature of a small but fundamental role. Stimulating veteran playwright Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the Spider-Man trilogy) has precious little time as a mother, as does Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that border on the excessive, especially as the situation becomes increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the directors inject so energetic a brio for them that the flourishes become forgivable. After the disappointment of the cartoonish "Find Me Guilty," it is encouraging to see Lumet at his best here. The DVD of 2008 offers terribly informative comments from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, who talk easily and insightfully everywhere. Along with the original trailer for the film, there is also a 24-minute feature, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Has Been Done," which features footage on set and excerpts from interviews with Lumet, two of them producers and key actors.
