This is a completely devilish tale of how bad things can go wrong. A simple assault. Take a serious change. Put our finances together and everything will be fine. But the mommy and pop jewelry store? No problems. Insurance pays for everything. No weapons. Nobody gets hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Older, more successful (it seems), Brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor problems. Dependence on heroin, habituation of cocaine. A wife (Marisa Tomei) who, well, he can not perform. His flat belly days are gone. Little brother, sweet, a little insightful, Hank (Ethan Hawke) with some money problems himself. Back on alimony payments to his daughter, indebted to friends and relatives, not exactly impressing them on the job, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this performance at age 82 (!), directs and gets 99.99 percent certain, which is hard to do in a thriller. I've seen more suspense movies than I remember and most of the time the director prints the movie and lives with the plot holes, improbabilities, extravagant scenes and the quick end. Here Lumet makes a thriller as if it were a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The acting is superb. The plot has no holes. The story sounds true and clear and represents a tale of human fragility that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even the Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Hoffman, of course, is excellent. When you do not have sunroom, the presence of the leader man, you have to turn in talent, skill and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the sweet role of little boy, adds a layer of desperation and human incompetence too far apart, so we do not know if we should pity him or if he's trash. Albert Finney plays the father of rebellious children with a kind of steel intensity that belies his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical qualities of sensuality to accompany her unique creativity, can be both vulnerable and tough as Andy's nails. (But who could blame her?) It's almost sacrilegious for a movie critic to give a five- or ten-star commercial thriller, but if you study this film, as all aspiring filmmakers would be well advised to do, you'll notice excessive type of film. (according to most Hollywood producers) attention to the details of real art - the kind of thing that only great artists can do, and in fact can not afford to do. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers in this movie - well, maybe a dozen, check out the credits.) All I can say in the summary is: Way to go Sydney Lumet, author of a number of excellent movies, and to show such fidelity to your craft and your art at such an advanced age ?? kudos May we all do half. <br /> <br /> Okay, the 00.01%. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) could follow the taxis that Andy walked in New York without losing the tail. That's minor, and I wish all thrillers could have such a small signal. One also wonders why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate in the end. We can guess and guess. Maybe his fate fell on the floor of the court. Maybe Lumet was not satisfied with what was filmed and the time was up, and he just said, "Leave it like that. It really does not matter." And I do not think so. What happens to Hank will not be good. He is not the kind of guy who can escape to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He's the kind of guy who gets a "light" sentence of 10 to 20 years and serves up and comes off as a shrunken human being who knows he was not really a man when he should have been. <br /> <br /> See this for Sidney Lumet, one of the best in Hollywood, director of The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975) , and many more.
