Tarantino once commented on a 1930s melodrama called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. The same could be said - and despite bringing Tarantino - to Sidney Lumet's best work in years, a melodrama in which the character is the biggest concern, not just because of what is at stake with the cast involved. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of a screenplay here (she basically goes into crazy killer mode at the end of a series of climatic events that only work to the end, and even suspension of disbelief is paramount), but her script transmits character before the plot, and in a story where actions involve a robbery it is crucial to know who these people are beaten by. It's sad as hell, relentless as Satan, but also absolutely fascinating in 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Chalk it up not just because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see day-to-day character-to-character actions before during and especially after the failed store steal 'mom - & - pop' jewelery takes place, but because of the formidable cast cast (which, I might add, is Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are siblings with their respective financial woes, and the former approach the latter in what appears to be a fool-proof robbery: looting their own father-and-mother jewelry store in Westchester. Hawke's Hank involves another obscure character, however, the murders occur, and all of a sudden it's a Greek-scale tragedy that affects the brothers and their father, played by a perfect Albert Finney. It's the kind of stuff that most actors love - characters who, like Dog Day Afternoon, are painfully human, flawed to the bone, but just want love and / or things to be properly adjusted and have complete disability to satisfy their desires and desires. Needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, though Hoffman and Hawke are combined splendidly; Hoffman has, until the ten minutes mentioned above, a super calm and occasionally playful behavior that reveals him as the brain of the operation, but then smaller scenes where he breaks down emotionally (ie with Finney or the car scene with Tomei) talents to the limit; Hawke, meanwhile, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, can not pay debts, and is called a baby by his own father, and he fills the party's account in all the ways that matter. he is not as defective as his older brother, but who wants to pick a straw for that title? And Finney, as mentioned, is perfect all the time, making his turn in Big Fish look like a child's play (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face receding into a horror that has accumulated throughout the second half) ). Also featuring support from a delicate and perverse duo Marisa Tomei, Michael Shannon's Bug as White Trash and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris making brief and accurate impressions, this is a movie with great skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that recedes in detail not for showy plots, but to make clear every step of the perpetual downward spiral of a family. If it's not as mind-boggling as Serpico or Network or the Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men, it comes as close as anything that Lumet has done ever since.
