In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an executive office addict who has diverted a large amount to his addiction and expensive way of life with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an audit is scheduled in your department, he becomes desperate for money. His younger brother, Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke), is a complete loser who owes three months of support to his daughter, and is having a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy plots a theft of his parents' jewelry on a Saturday morning without the use of guns, hoping to find a former employee working and without financial loss to his parents, since the insurance company would reimburse the loss. On Monday morning, we raise the necessary money he needs to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hank to attend, as he is well known in the mall where the jewels are located and could be recognized. However, Hank ties and invites the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when his mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a clerk's substitute and Bobby brings a concealed weapon. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but she is also mortally shot. After Nanette's death, her father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" is a comedy of mistakes, revealing a good story. The originality and difference are in the script, with a non-linear narrative to "Pulp Fiction". Sidney Lumet, 83, has another great job and the director's longevity is impressive. Philip Seymour Hoffman is incredible in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels the world crumble mainly because of his insecure and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still stunningly beautiful and sexy, showing off a magnificent body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is in fact an evil place. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" ("Before the Devil Knows You're Dead")
