The Bible teaches us that the love of money is the root of all evil. The love of money leads to greed, which can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will find out how much love of money will cost them and those they love the most. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not. be more different. Andy is apparently enjoying the success of working in the New York real estate market and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), which is the idea of ​​a trophy wife, if ever there was. Hank, however, is the divorced woman at the mercy of her ex-wife, the expensive accounts of her daughter's school and the endless amount of alimony payments. A man who means well and has good intentions, Hank, however, can not escape the water he slowly lifts above his head, no matter how hard he stands to be above it. <br /> <br /> However, Andy has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother is that he hides them better. He has committed fraud against his company and is heavily involved in using drugs to escape his fears. The pressure of his life, and the lies he needs to keep his appearances, have now led him to think of fleeing the country with Gina to start over. Of course, like Hank, he needs money to do this and believes he knows how to get it. As? Stealing the jewelry your parents own and run. This act of betrayal is where the Hanson brothers, their families and various other lives will be destroyed because of greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of Before the devil knows that you are dead is the way the story is told. After the robbery goes wrong, and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), who is the mother of Andy and Hank, is killed, the story is told from a variety of different points of view several days before and after the attempted robbery . We learned more about the motivations not only of Andy and Hank, but also of the reaction of his father Charles (Albert Finney) to the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially for Andy, is also explored and another kind of possible motivation is discovered after it is revealed that there is little love between the two men. Nanette may have been loved by her children, but her father is a different story. <br /> <br /> Philip Seymour Hoffman proves yet again why he is one of Hollywood's most impressive actors in portraying Andy as not just a greedy criminal with a lack of morality but also, in a contradictory way, as a man with whom we can sympathize. Ethan Hawke also brings Hank alive not just as a loser but really as a man desperate to cling to what little he has left. Andy and Hank are brought to life in such a realistic way that it is easy to think of them not only as characters but as very real images of lost and confused men who are now faced with the consequences of their actions. Before the devil knows that you are dead is a moral tale about how our actions lead to consequences that we would otherwise not expect to face. More than that, our choices can also affect the people around us in ways we never expected. In what should have been the best photo of the year, we see how lives are easily broken when the love of money becomes the ultimate pursuit to facilitate our troubled lives. In other words, there are no easy solutions or answers to our problems and trying to find them can only make things worse. <br /> <br /> 10/10
