The full title of this movie is' May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead ', a reworking of the old Irish toast' That you have food and clothing, a soft pillow for your head; May you be forty years in heaven, before the devil knows you're dead. The first screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications of the director Sidney Lumet) invented a melodrama that explores how fragmented a family can become when external forces take the members to extremes unthinkable. In this film, the viewer can witness the gradual but almost complete implosion of a family through a much-used, but very sensible manipulation here of the storytelling flashback / forward technique. By repeatedly offering the different advantages of each of the characters on the central incidents that drive this rather distressing tale, we see all the motivations of the players in this case of a robbery that went very wrong. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei) and addicted to an expensive habit. Your life is starting to crumble and he needs money. Andy's younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a ruined life - he is divorced from his wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is on a pension and alimony, and has borrowed everything he can from his friends. and he needs money. Andy proposes a discreet stealing of a small store jewelry store that promises quick and safe money for both. The flaw is that the history of jewelry belongs to the parents of men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy advances money to Hank and discusses an agreement that Hank will do the robbery, but although Hank agrees to the "failsafe" plan, he hires a friend to take up the job while Hank plans to be the escape driver. car. The robbery is horribly misplaced when Nanette, entering the regular employee, shoots the thief and is thrown into the mess. The disaster reveals many secrets about the family's frail relationships and when Nanette dies, Charles, Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are drawn to disastrous ends with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong but emotionally acid movie gives superb performances, and while we expect it to be from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, it's the wise hand. Sidney Lumet directing that make this film so unforgettably powerful. It's not an easy movie to watch, but it's a film that allows for some bravura performances that demand our respect, a movie that reminds us how fragile many families can be. Grady Harp
