I must admit I had my doubts about this movie before watching. The main reason for this is because it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I've seen several movies that claim to be Hitchcock-inspired or that might have been made by the 'Master of Thriller', but so far I have not seen any of those movies that would be able to withstand the Time Test. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is very easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand, I must admit I was intrigued by this because this is a European movie. Usually, it's the big Hollywood studios who like to abuse Hitchcock's name if it can boost their income. But this film was made in one of the most chauvinistic European countries of all time, and I'm sure most of the French would rather be killed than admit that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie and I must say I'm glad I did. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a diligent and loyal worker, but has never been much appreciated by her colleagues. This has a lot to do with the fact that she has a hearing impairment, which has denied her up the corporate hierarchy. But when she can hire a trainee who can work for her, all of this is about to change. Paul Angeli is an ex-convict of 25 years of age and completely without qualification. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers him when necessary. She hopes to teach him what a normal life should be, but at the same time drags him into his old life ... Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is used too often To describing a very good thriller - which this movie definitely is - I will not do any comparison between the direction of Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard. The fact is that the man did a great job with this movie. I had not heard of him before, but it's true that he knows how to create suspense and how to keep him interested from start to finish. This also has a lot to do with the very good and original story, of course. I doubt there is anyone in Hollywood who has ever had the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a powerful role, instead of making her the impotent subjection of a violent husband (you know, the typical TV movie history). <br /> It is also worth noting the performance in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. There's absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles, but they both did an excellent job with their characters, making them feel very believable and realistic. Paul could have been the tough tough guy out of jail and Carla the normally defenseless woman, but thanks to his performances, you really believe these are two strong people who both had some bad luck in life but they will do the best. In short, this is a powerful film with a very good script and excellent acting. Despite the fact that I had my doubts about it, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this movie an 8/10. Do not hesitate to try.
