I am beginning to see a very consistent standard form in the identity of the films of 2007. If 2004 was the year of the biographies and 2005 was the year of the political films, 2007 can be identified as a year with a wide variety of tales of morality, that portray, test, challenge, and question human morality and the motives that drive us. do certain things. Although this identification is quite broad, I think there are a handful of films released this year, such as 3:10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men, and others who specifically question and study human morality and the motives it lead us to acts like violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows that you are dead is a tale of morality extremely elegant and rather dark, somber and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic driving forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who many say is already past its prime, but returns in full force with this criminally rich thriller. <br /> <br /> It's one of those movies whose plots are so thick that it's very reluctant to go into detail. It is a film that is best enjoyed if inserted without any prior knowledge for events about to unfold as there are twists and turns. But the thick and richly worked plot is nothing at the center of this film; the true focus is, as I have mentioned, the tale of morality; the motives that lead these two men to the actions they do in the film. In a plot structured as a combination between The Coen Brothers (especially Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino filmographies, we see two men being led under various gloomy circumstances to perform a fairly simple crime that is unbelievably, ridiculously wrong, and retribution with total force and inevitable tragedy. And to make it even more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that retains the crawl and shows a series of events following a different character each time and always ending where it last stopped. Sizzling, sharp, thick and precariously depressing, Kelly Masterson's script is surprisingly poignant and well rounded, particularly because it's a debut script. <br /> <br /> But the film has a lot more in favor of it than simply is sinisterly sinister. and plot quite depressing. Firstly, the image looks and feels exceptionally well. Throughout his career Sidney Lumet has consistently employed an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and at the same time stylish. The film brings a distinct air of style and class, with wonderful natural lighting that looks very good. The editing is of a high level; combining the dizzying drama-suspense aspect with great takes that take time to portray the action accordingly. And camera angles and dynamic, vivid motions further enhance the style. The film is also backed by a fantastically juicy soundtrack by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The script does its part, and of course Lumet does his part, but in the dramatic center of the film are three masterful actors who deliver incredibly. good performances. First, there are both clues. Leading the pack is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor, but came across the newly discovered protagonist status after his extraordinarily fantastic performance at Capote. Your turn in this movie is fascinating: severely flawed, broken, maniacal. Hoffman has some truly intense scenes in the film that really allow his dramatic fury to manifest, not just his subtlety and intelligence. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who has done some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always overshadowed by bigger and bigger actors. Here, he rebuffs Hoffman and complements him incredibly well; All in all, the dynamic acting between the two is so fantastic and compelling that the audience quickly gets lost in the characters and forgets that it's watching actors. And then there's Albert Finney. A supporting role as flexible and opulent as he has requires a veteran professional and here Finney presents his best performance in many years as the father tragically obsessed for the two brothers who are caught in the crime. I love how the dynamics between the three unfolds. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and blatantly catches his younger brother even now that they are middle-aged men; and yet it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the theme of the cast, the two female characters supporting? wives of siblings? also feature fantastic performances from Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose looks look better and better over the years. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes and this style have already been explored by the likes of The Coen Brothers, and it's very easy to imagine them directing this film. But for a movie that treads a familiar terrain, it simply stands out. Lumet employs his own immensely directional talent and employs his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style to Masterson's brilliantly vivid, intense, and morbid script. The lead performances are incredibly intense and the film features absolutely fantastic shifts from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the biggest wonder of the film is that, three years after winning an Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement, much revered as the last sign of retirement in the film business, Sidney Lumet proves that he still has the immense talent to offer a truly wonderful resonance. , an intense piece of cinema that resembles its golden years.
