Sydney Lumet has not had box office success in 20 years and yet at age 83, managed to create a thriller full of suspense and suspense in New York. (As he has insurance, let alone the budget after all these failures, is also a mystery). The story is very unpleasant and the characters are not particularly nice, but they left me on the edge of my chair until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers in urgent financial trouble conspire to steal a suburban jewelry store. owned by his elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes wrong and two people die. Most of the film is related to the consequences. The action is non-linear and seen from the different points of view of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to solve is the background story? How did the brothers get into such a mess? Are there any clues? the younger brother, being the baby of the family, is the favorite of his parents, while the older brother seems to be carrying a lot of baggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but this hardly makes him a killer who uses heroin As the intriguing older brother, a burly Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the film, but he is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his intimidated and inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney as his father seems to be in a constant state of anger, but then the script asks for it. Marisa Tomei, as the wife betraying her older brother, at 42, makes the sexiest performance I've seen in years. The movie literally starts with a bang, but we're out of this comfort zone quickly. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origins of this story for the first time screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that as large of Lumet's 70's Film "Dog Day Afternoon" is based on facts? It's too silly to be fake. Lumet is practically the last of those studio directors of immensely versatile artisans who, with immense speed, were able to direct just about anything that was placed in front of them. Some great movies were produced that way, just like some classic turkeys. Is not this a classic of any kind? is a well crafted piece of pessimistic entertainment. You will probably feel lucky to not be a member of such a dysfunctional family but still wondering how they did it. We know the parents were happy, but we see so little of the mother and we hear so little about her that it is impossible to notice her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems redundant). Well, like Tolstoy, we have to conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
