What an extraordinary crime thriller !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was by far the best movie of an exceptionally strong festival. It is already my second favorite movie of all time after the DR. STRANGELOVE and I were definitely in an emotional state as I walked home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin the plot because the thrillers of that caliber are best enjoyed without prejudice. One synopsis I would be comfortable sharing is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, plan to steal a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film swings back and forth in the time of approximately a two-week period (before, during and after theft), and a key scene is repeated at least three times. Usually, this can disrupt the dynamics of a movie, but this never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, the tension and even the quality of acting only seemed to improve as the film progressed. In the end, I was on the edge of my chair breathless waiting to see how it would all end. I know I used some cliches in this post, but I literally was on the edge of my place. I should mention that the non-linear plot is very easy to follow. This is not the kind of movie where you will hear audience members asking their friends to explain the plot during the movie. <br /> <br /> The acting is absolutely brilliant, and I doubt it would have the same admiration for the film if the cast had not been so perfect. One small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but that's one small complaint that I can easily ignore. Hoffman was at his best and some of his scenes with Hawke were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as wife of Hoffman) and Albert Finney (as the father of Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some cameo performances were so impressive that I still remember every single remark, gesture, and facial expression of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The robbery scene seemed more authentic than any other movie theft scene I've ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. The music helped to increase tension throughout the movie, often the same notes played very effectively. I had the music playing in my head the next day, even while watching other movies. In addition to my small complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was a twist in the story that seemed a bit unbelievable (main spoiler so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is very close to perfection. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great movies at the festival that I would like to see a second time, but BEFORE THE DEVIL KNOWS YOU'RE DEAD IS IN A CHAMPIONSHIP OF YOURSELF. As an aside, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and he introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak and she acted a bit shy, so Lumet asked, "Do you believe someone so handsome could be so shy with the camera?" This comment is rather ironic considering the graphic opening scene !!
