Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who is the biggest f *** - up and who the daddy (Albert Finney) loves most, so they create a brain scheme to steal Mommy's jewels and Daddy. shop so they can clear their debts and start over. It sounds like a great plan except that this is a 1970s style suspense melodrama about a wrong assault, and boy, things really go wrong here for our unhappy duo and everyone involved. Lasciously invented by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classic run by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" uses the robbery as his McGuffin to deepen family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At age 83, he apparently made a deal with the devil to deliver one last great movie. Lumet was at his peak in the 1970s with such films as "Dog Day Afternoon," "Serpico," and one of my all-time favorite movies, "Network." Somehow, he managed to make a film that brings all the characteristics of its classics as it interweaves more modern elements (explicit sexuality, violence and play with time frames and POVs) into a thought-provoking, vibrant, slender, stingy and provocative melodrama. . We can only hope that some of the great modern names (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) that emerged in the same decade that Lumet was at the top of his game will have such boldness when they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master at directing people through spaces to create tension and develop characters. As the cast moves valiantly through the finely furnished offices and apartments in Manhattan, their slow-moving camera creates a palpable sense of anxiety because we never know who might be on the next corner or what that person can do in the next room. It's also amazing how Lumet uses the multiple POV and time-frame change approach. The coherent and classical presentation he uses makes the similarly structured films of prodigies Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu look like amateur time. <br /> <br /> Of course, what Lumet is best is to drive incredible sets of casts and deceive them by acting within an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and probably will never be, better than it is here. Albert Finney's discreet portrait of a betrayed father and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to watch. Ethan Hawke, usually a handsome, undefined boy, is perfect as the emotionally crippled youngest brother who skates for long in his charms and appearances. The coup-de-grace, however, is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, mysteriously at the point as their bulky trophy wife. Lumet runs them through the range of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden teased Beatrice straight to the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in "Network." The Devil of any great movie is in the details, from the pull of Albert Finney from the trunk of his car that does not close due to a fender, to the look of Amy Ryan. "Gone Baby Gone") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke in her little girl's promise that all three know that he will not comply with the systematic undoing of a family on the skates, to dialogue begging the cultists to quote him ( my favorite phrase is the hilarious threat "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") to the excellent score of Carter Burwell. "Before the devil knows you're dead" is the movie of the year. If something works out the best way then we know that some other business must have been traded with Old Scratch.
