French filmmakers continue to be impressed by their extraordinary ability to simulate the images and sounds of everyday, everyday suburban life. This was evident in the early 2002 launch of L'Emploi du Temps (Time Out), a brilliant study of character about the melancholy of a white-collar worker after being fired from his job. Like the trend of the French filmmakers, many scenes were filmed in real streets and in public places, giving a cinema touch to the story, but L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look thanks to the excellent camera work and some impressive locations (most notably a Swiss mountain retreat). Running right in the heels of that masterful film comes another stunning French production, Jacques Audiard's crime quest, sur mes levres (read my lips). In fact, to mark this movie, a crime is a disservice, because it is much more than that. As with the previous French release, it's an incisive character study of marginal people using their intelligence to get ahead in a society that turned their backs on them. At a Paris construction company, Carla, a shy little girl sits at her desk, confined to an office area that is an important pathway to the xerox machines and toilets. Hateful co-workers use the front of Carla's desk to talk and leave their coffee styrofoam cups in half. Partially deaf, Carla turns the hearing aid on and off at will if the noise becomes uncomfortable, whether the buzz of paper copiers or the strident crying of a friend's baby. When her boss calls her to the office to suggest she hire a secretarial assistant to help with her job, Carla is afraid of losing her job. At the employment office, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably male) as if she were in a Personals Agency. He must be 25 years old and be clean with extensive computing and filing skills. When the agency sends a grumpy and menacing young woman, Carla is shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local restaurant where Carla interviews her potential assistant. When she discovers that he has just gotten out of prison, Carla initially does not want anything to do with Paul, but changes her mind and hires him. Although she is basically kind to her helper, Carla is now in a position of authority and possessing a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a skilled worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even covers for him when his probation officer shows up one day in the office asking why Paul lost his appointment. During one of her lunch breaks, Carla informs Paul about her hearing loss and reveals her ability to read her lips. Later, when a cowardly colleague blatantly assumes a project in which Carla has been working, a furious Carla asks for Paul's help to take revenge on the man. From now on, Sur mes levres becomes an increasingly intense crime drama, escalating some of the most violent scenes that have been shown on the screens in recent years. The screenplay borrows elements from Hitchcock, most notably REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lip-reading talent comes into play using a pair of binoculars. There is a sexual attraction between the two protagonists culminating in a strange tribute to NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that slowly forms between the two stars. That said, what gets away from this film is not so much the similarities to the classic thrillers of Hitchcock, although these elements are definitely there, but the widespread view of a modern city (in this case Paris) where life runs the gamut of days of mundane work for a drunken nightlife where sex, drugs, and money laundering infiltrate the lives of various characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, it's a psychological thriller in which people look like the ordinary man and woman on the street, where a punch in the face or groin sounds like a thud and where the office is. a place to be feared. It's Hitchcock with his gloves off.
