The design of the film seems to be the alpha and omega of some of the major problems of this country (USA). We see relationships across the university environment for the movie. In short, the obvious student v. S. teacher is present. But what the film adds to its value are its other relationships: the male vs. female, white v.s. black and the individual v.s. society. But the most important of all and in direct relation to all other relationships is the individual vs. you. himself. <br /> <br /> I was amazed at how bilaterally a point of view the director gave to showcase race relations on campus. Most movies typically show injustices on one side while showing the suffering of the other. This film showed the injustices and sufferings of both sides. He did not try to show how right he was, though I said that the heads of the skin turned out to be much more vicious and vindictive (pretty obvious to the end). The film also discusses sex and rape. It is ironically this injustice that, in a way, unites the two races for a while. Lawrence Fishburne does an exaggerated performance as the shrewd Professor Phipps. He disembodied the idea of ​​racial favoritism, and instead shows the parallelism of the lazy and humiliated with the workers and the positives. Other stars who make this film are Omar Epps, Ice Cube and Jennifer Connelly. Michael Rapaport presents an excellent portrait of a confused youth with displaced anger who is looking for acceptance. Tyra Banks makes her film debut and proves that supermodels can act. <br /> <br /> Higher Learning gets the name of showing college more than going to class and picking up a piece of paper. In fact, I would say that the film is almost a satire on showing students the interactions with each other, rather than some dry books, like true education in a university. It is a process of learning life, not textual. I think you will find "Higher Learning" is pertinent to the important issues in many universities and even life in general. 8/10
