"The Blob" qualifies as a science-fiction cult film not only because it launched Steve McQueen, 27, a trajectory to stardom, but also because he explored popular themes of alien invasion and teenage delinquency that were inseparable in 1950s. Interestingly, no one in the script of Kay Linaker and Theodore Simonson refers to the amorphous, red-scarlet protoplasm that plummeted Earth on a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown, Pennsylvania, on a Friday night as "The Blob ". Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, West's old bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive," after producer Dick Powell saw the release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girlfriend, Aneta Corsaut, starred alongside Andy Griffith on "The Andy Griffith Show" as Sheriff Taylor's schoolteacher Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but real teens were rarely teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr. made his directorial debut with "The Blob." The script by Linaker & Simonson synthesized four genres: first, the alien invasion; second, teenage delinquency; third, a murder mystery and fourth; a chiller of terror. Moreover, while the jelly-like substance takes various forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the homonym Jell-O does not speak or communicate by telepathy. Instead, it kills unscrupulous and discriminates against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious, despite its somewhat exaggerated nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers point out in the release of Criterion's DVD of "The Blob," the film opens strangely for a science fiction movie. horror thriller fi with our hero and heroine in a remote rural spot doing kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a great meteor fall into the earth and go to find it. Meanwhile, an old man meets the meteor and nudges him with a stick. The meteor opens and a lot of goo picks up the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland, from "The Paleface") takes a closer look, the Goop attaches to his hand. The old man runs screaming from the crater and Steve almost hits him with his jalopy. Steve and Jane take the guy and take him to see Dr. Hallen in town. <br /> <br /> Hallen is about to leave town for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Hallen phones his nurse to return, as he may need to perform an amputation. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like the substance in man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes are confronted with another group of teenagers who ridicule Steve's quick direction. Steve tricks him into a reverse run, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) lets him off the hook. Steve and the teens visit the site of the meteor crater and find the hot remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's home and rescuing a dog, the teens split up for a scary movie as Steve and Jane return to Dr. Hallen's office. During the interim, the bubble totally absorbed the old man, killed Hallen's nurse, and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid in the protoplasm nor Hallen's shotgun has any effect on the blob. Steve glimpses the bubble absorbing Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly incredulous, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a joke. Bert has an ax to torment teenagers because his wife died when one of them crashed into his car. Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but they can not find either leather or anyone else, but Dave admits the office was vandalized. Against the sergeant. Bert's advice, Dave takes teens to their respective parents. As soon as Steve and Jane cheat on their parents, they believe they are sleeping in bed rather than venturing again. They enter the city and see the dog of the old man who walked away from them in front of a supermarket. When they get the mutt, Steve takes a step in front of the electric door of the supermarket and opens. They find no one inside but find the bubble. Steve and Jane take refuge in a freezer and the bubble does not attack them. Later, after they escape, Steve convinces the teenagers who challenged him in a street race to alert the authorities why he should be at home in bed. Police chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the bubble is in the store. At that time, the bubble kills the projectionist of the theater and attacks the spectators. Suddenly, a horde of people leave the theater and Dave believes in Steve. Steve and Jane end up at a lunch counter that the bubble attacks. The owner and our heroes hide in the basement and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its freezing content forces the bubble to retreat. <br /> <br /> Authorities collect all fire extinguishers in the city and manage to freeze the bubble. . The Pentagon sends a team to transport the bubble to the North Pole. As the remains of the bubble fall on the polar ice, the final credit appears with a gigantic, ghostly question mark. Producer James B. Harris obtained military images of a Master Globe military transport plane depositing the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved to be a successful drive-in and Steve McQueen's rise in stardom gave the film added momentum. Unless you're a juvenile, this little horror movie is nothing scary, but Yeaworth and his scenarists create enough of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the bubble by actually assimilating their victims and leave it to their imagination, so "The Blob" is not without a modicum of subtlety.
