I watched this for several years on an extinct Sicilian TV channel; Surprisingly, the movie emerged as a good-priced DVD from Criterion: not sure what I had done at first (despite having achieved cult status over the years, the proper achievement is clearly viewed with modesty even by genre fans ), I opted not to make the purchase? as I did with FIEND SEM FACE (1958) similar and, for me, unknown. Recently, though, I was able to purchase THE BLOB through a copy of the Spanish-language DVD that, interestingly, carried on the two tracks of Criterion's Audio Commentary "Special Edition", but unfortunately I could not turn off the subtitles in Spanish during the event. playback of the main feature! Anyway, looking at the movie again, I was amazed at how much I enjoyed it (despite many flaws in the narrative, which I'll get later) ?? as a pure example of "movie B" schlockiness (typically filmed in pleasing colors) and a time capsule illustrating the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male protagonist was a starring role for Steve McQueen and although the actor may have subsequently looked at him with disdain, his only contribution to the genre proves to be quite engaging: not averse to juvenile kicks, but still essentially decent (and most important, altruistic) boy. The special effects that describe the viscous and expanding creature are not so bad for its type and period; Does the movie itself rise to a good climax? beginning with the monster invasion of a cinema (showing DAUGHTER OF THE HORROR [1953/7] as I mentioned recently in the movie review, but being curiously displayed 'inverted' and which sequence would incidentally be presented at the opening of a satirical Italian program actually called "Blob"!). As for the admittedly smaller quibbles I have with the film: is not the monster shown traveling? only appears in several places, never being seen by anyone! there is an overwhelming excessive emphasis (equivalent to filling) on ​​children's scratches with the police; Is it silly to have the doctor in town shooting Blob ?? as if fluid, whatever its proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! Equally nonsensical is getting teens to warn city dwellers about the danger by making door-to-door visits (especially considering that, at that time, only McQueen actually saw the monster in action!) An inferior sequel appeared in 1972, called BEWARE THE BLOB! the original was then redone in 1988? I watched it not long ago, but it does not seem to have made a lasting impression on me (though I know Micheal Elliott loves it). For the record, I'll be following this exhibit with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
