The BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the vividly horrifying images of its almost unstoppable title character, which dissolves the flesh, but because it presents a true social message. It is, in many ways, a "horror movie to feel good". The clever plot is helped immensely by solid performances from the entire cast. The two romantic tracks, Steve McQueen and Aneta Corsaut, bring surprising depth and sentimentality to the process. They are poorly understood but very well-meaning young people, and it is very easy to cheer for them. <br /> <br /> This is a pro-society movie, and its juvenile delinquent characters cause problems mainly because of boredom, not out of some malice of character flaw. Steve McQueen's rival seems almost to be an enemy early in the process, but quickly joins McQueen's campaign to save the city from the intruder who was already seeing McQueen's seriousness. In this way, a situation of character that at first seems to be cartoonist suddenly develops depth and human realism. The initial skepticism of the authorities of children's wild claims is proven wrong - and once the threat is recognized by all, all conflict within society disappears. This unification of purpose and validation of "problematic" teenagers become official when Aneta Corsaut's father invades the school to get the fire extinguishers needed to freeze Blob. On any other day, invading the school would be considered a vandalism typical of a juvenile delinquent - on this particular day, it is a necessary action performed by an adult authority figure. At this turning point, it is clear that there are no dividing lines between the young and the old. <br /> <br /> This is an unusual movie, because it recognizes the perception of a "generation gap," but suggests that it is more imaginary than real and, given a real crisis, people naturally come together to restore order. "The Blob" is a perfect tonic for the kind of depression that usually comes with a vision of "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). <br /> <br /> Much has been made of cheap but innovative (and effective!) visual effects. They are undeniably smart. Many of the gravity-defying tricks we see in Blob's performance were obtained with miniature sets designed to be rotated. The camera was typically attached to the assemblies in a very tightly closed position (the lights had to be connected similarly so that the illumination remained stable while the room was turned from side to side). These scenes were often photographed one frame at a time as the room rotated slowly - the silicone bubble trickled very slowly and its action needed to be accelerated. In a way, this was similar to stop motion photography, but using a silicone bubble instead of an articulated doll. Even today, the effects are startling and bizarre. <br /> <br /> A very good film with an exploration title, THE BLOB is a must see.
