Films like Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have taken French director Claire Denis to the top of the world's most exclusive and talented filmmakers, and her 2004 film, The Intruder, adds to the depth of her portfolio. A film poem that conveys a climate of loneliness and permanent loss, the film provides a glimpse into the psyche of a man who is deteriorating physically and mentally and who travels to various parts of the world in search of redemption and peace, but finds it difficult to pass. Vaguely based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memoir of a heart transplant, The Intruder is a film of such inexorable opacity that, even after two visions, it is difficult to describe it in non-subjective, impressionistic terms. Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a seventy-year-old man who is probably dying of heart trouble and who, like Ingmar Bergman's wild Strawberry teacher, tries to accept the mistakes of his life while having time . Of course he is physically robust and very rich, but he seems emotionally exhausted and the look on his face is of silent resignation. Although we see only one episode of violence, where he gets out of bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is a sinister sense about him. He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a killer. Whatever the case, he is apparently under some sort of surveillance and acts like a man who has been involved in criminal offenses and is only now able to see the consequences. The facial close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a hut in the Jura Mountains, near the Franco-Swiss border, and has a distant son, Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he had long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a revealing scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him a lunatic, but that does not stop him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the movie starts, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss. a border guard, who embarks on a van with a trained dog to sniff some contraband. When she gets home, she is greeted by her husband, who asks her ironically if she has "anything to declare?" In addition to these three individuals, the people and circumstances we see during the rest of the film may exist only in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we find them in the first half hour of the movie: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medication, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes out on a trip telling him that they are as crazy as he is, and a young Russian organ dealer (Katia Golubeva) that he says he wants a "young man's heart." <br /> <br /> Relentlessly, she pursues him throughout the film, but apparently it's only in her mind. In the last section of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to a different son that he had not seen for many years or perhaps never seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a heartless man, a man whose life has been fascinating but, ultimately, aimlessly, invading the lives of others with little real empathy. The Intruder contains an astonishing guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples from the band Tindersticks, reminiscent of Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man guitar riff and the wonderful cinematography of Denis's Agnes Godard. Godard creates memorable images that convey humor of regret and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, a child in a sling looking at his father for a good two minutes, the baby's expression gradually changing from grumpy to half-smile, colorful streamers blowing a newly baptized ship, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and the vast expanse of ocean seen from a swinging ship deck. While the Intruder can be frustrating because of its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience to understand the on-screen images on a very personal level. If there is a theme, a tip can be found in the opening that tells us what is revealed gradually in the film - "your worst enemies are hidden in the shadow, in your heart."
