My opinion about this at our local festival, where people saw me so often that they considered me a better source than I could have been, started with a shake of the head: "Well, I can not summarize the plot, but it's really study the superb character of an extremely frightening man. " Then, a slight embarrassment, I came upon someone who really knew what had happened, that is, from whom Trebor unconsciously acquired his new heart. It was my last movie on a long day in the middle of the festival. Maybe I dozed off. The better a movie is, the more likely it is that it will unleash reveries that leave me really dreaming. Do not know. I knew there was a twist of O'Henry painfully beyond my limit when things ended. And he knew it had to do with the heart, hence the quest for quietly hilarious talent. My comment about plot loss had more to do with the intricacies of Trebor's connections in France, his relationship with the canine woman, and things like that, for which I was wide awake. Denis barely looks at the details that may have anchored the treatment of another director. <br /> <br /> But I write these things very often in the memory, especially festival films, movies whose DVD I do not have at hand (Le Lait de la A tendresse humaine is one of many examples.), and the plot plots disappear much faster than the larger prints. Still, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is, above all, a character study of a kind of superman on the dark side, a super-demon not sheltered in genres or historical traps, but active and plausible, relatively speaking soft but patient right in the middle of us. The scar, once it hits, makes him, only visually, I mean, in the picture, a kind of Frankenstein hybrid monster, mad doctor and creation as a whole. Doctors are your tools. If he does not extract and install his own heart, it is only because it is not possible. He is the force, always, the parasite consuming everyone he touches and finally himself. What else is he? To suggest that it is us, the First World against the Third, seems very simple, since it feeds no less of its First World colleagues, of all of us. The camera eye of Denis - when he looks at the things I know - usually goes where mine, so I usually rely on her when she looks at the things I do not know. Trekking in the snow, cycling too fast and darkness in the forest I know in small ways, but the southern seas are not, so I got better at L'Intrus, France and the crystalline islands of its finish, than Beau. Travail L'Intrus is, to me, an uncomfortable and very comfortable film. It is a sequence of places portrayed familiarly, with an intimacy that allows us to know them, whether we see reality or not. A single image, Trebor's cycling, his enormous weight in the fine racing structure, the sounds of the rough air and the shrill tires, the asphalt ribbon, the dark and bright evergreens, told me that the film would be linear, road trip, a single impulse driven by the will. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. No matter who he is, he is alone, although apparently he has not always been. Your body aborts life twice, first to need the new heart, and after that. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is arrogance. <br /> <br /> I'm sailing dangerously along the lines of what I remember. Let's leave it like this.
