"The Intruder (L'Intrus)" is a visual pilgrimage through a mysterious life. Grizzled Michel Subor plays "Louis Trebor" as Jason Bourne as an old man with a hidden past, simply living in a secluded hut in the woods for justly paranoid reasons (but attracting very young women who may be useful for him). We learn more about him through dreams, flashbacks and a journey that can unfold chronologically or otherwise, as well as through his abrupt interactions with family, lovers, business partners and an impressive nemesis. Like "The Limey," the film resonates with regrets between parents and children and a suspicious past revealed through clips from an old movie with the same actor as a young man (here the 1965 adventure film by Paul Gégauff "Le Reflux") . In a complete contrast of humor, we find her son Sidney (Grégoire Colin), who has to be the sexiest husband in the world, while he sweetly and seductively makes domestic repairs and takes care of a baby, a child and every need of his wife who works. Certainly, the director / co-writer Claire Denis should have created it as a feminine fantasy, if there was one, and a lesson for the other filmmakers in filming the preliminaries. There is an additional extended scene where he looks for his father in the woods while carefully carrying his angelic baby in a bag. He is everything his father is not and has all the relationships his father is unable to sustain; No wonder he thinks his father is "a lunatic." I spent the rest of the movie in fear that something bad might happen to him, since the true nature of his alienated father's heart is gradually thrown before our eyes. <br /> <br /> The film is a puzzle, but Subor is mercilessly fascinating as we watch him cross countries and negotiate nefarious deals, and the narration of Denis' "Beau Travail" was annoying anyway. We have to discover, from skylines and incidental signs, that he is traveling to Geneva, Korea and the South Pacific. The passage of time is indicated by the changing seasons and scars being created and healed. There are many images of water for cleaning and detachment. Continuing his fascination with the transformation of colonialism into globalization, in addition to playing a bit in the stereotypes of the Mysterious East and the Russian criminals, Denis incorporated elements of Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gauguin and Tahiti, of Marlon Brando . idyllic and 40-page memoir of French philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy, the latest for the title plot and heart transplant used for an ironic theme of limited immortality that has consequences. <br /> <br /> While "Louis" thinks that he has managed to overcome limits, rules and morals, there is some fun in the last act, since the locals do not know what to do with him and try to help him solve his quixotic odyssey, even when it is again in isolation. <br /> <br /> Several people in the audience were frustrated with the elliptical but remarkably beautiful method of storytelling. Unconventional narrative raises many questions about detail.
