The movie Pedicab Driver, by Sammo Hung, 1989, is considered by many as his masterpiece. I have to agree to some extent as the film in its biggest parts really looks as amazing and fantastic as any Hong Kong movie ever had. It's a combination of very good and well-written drama, interesting and friendly (and also non-sympathetic) characters, some genuinely funny humor and truly over-the-top hyper-kung fu that is guaranteed to make many jaws drop when someone is not familiar with Hong Kong cinema watches the film as well as the experienced enthusiasts of the unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab pilots who live in Hong Kong in the central part of the city. last century, I think. They drive their taxis and are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in the local girl Baker Ping (Nina Li Chi), while Max one day meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, he falls madly in love. Many other characters are also featured, and they remain very clear all the time if the viewer really focus on the movie and its plot, so I can not say that the movie is confusing as it could be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! So we learn, for example, that a cruel family of gangsters is terrorizing the neighborhood, and of course their violent acts also affect our protagonists, and so the premise of some of the most incredibly choreographed kung fu fighting sequences was created . Well as a good drama. <br /> <br /> The film has a great cast. The protagonists are all very good and contained (not as painfully horrible as over-acting and "humor" as in other great Eastern Condors of Sammo (1987), and they are also, thanks to the carefully written script, quite friendly and easy to identify with The cast includes many well-known faces and directors of HK filmmaking in small roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and film director as Salvador of Souls 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) the legendary composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (The Wrecker of John Woo and the School of Fire and Fire Prison by Ringo Lam among many others, Pedicab Driver included!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo has a Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (the director of Dark HK Noir classic On the Run 1988), the late great Lam Ching Ying (best known for his friendly face in various HK vampire horror / kung fu / comedies), to name just a few In fact, the cast on Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> The film has some interesting and peaceful moments, especially about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie. Yuen and a crisis face thanks to the character of Lowell Lo. They really could have made it a completely serious piece if they wanted the discussions about human values ​​and meaning of love, no matter what their past or what you did to become, to become so serious and genuinely effective in the middle. the film immediately becomes much more remarkable than our ordinary kung fu show actioner. Also the efforts of the other characters to heal things are very touching and delightfully tell a lot about correct human relations and friendship, and of course, love. I still think that what Fennie says to Max (about the future "cooking bad") is very unnecessary and tones the potential of the whole segment and its themes quite effectively, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> But then we got the thing that most interested the filmmakers. What is the action, the outrageous and exaggerated action. Fighting scenes include traditional kung fu, a little sticks, cutlasses and the like and are used here as hysterically as the most exciting kung fu scene I've seen in any movie, Jackie Chan's 1994 Drunken Master II ), they are really great! There are wires and they are used very intelligently and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or punched. Simply amazing and again something ONLY Hong Kong cinema can deliver. In addition, dangerous stunts make the viewer hold his breath while the film has a fast car chase sequence against pedicab and several dangerous-looking jumps and twisted bodies flying through the air and smashing hard into the difficult destination. Still, the filmmakers do not seem to "accept" the film's violence, since Sammo, like the late Bruce Lee, is willing to give up after the last murderous mess in the gangster's village, and I think such morals do not matter . How obvious or superficial it can be, is a good thing, even in a harmless movie like this, since filmmaking must be much more than just brainless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some witty bits of humor that I'm not sure if everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or like everything. The hilarious Star Wars gag in the beginning is definitely between them and literally made me laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Also some funny scenes are created from the passion of Sammo by the Ping. Still, the biggest chuckle filled with astonishment came during the scenes shown in the old pharagraph, as the image of tall and tall men flying with great force on the screen to the walls or furniture is simply INSANE and so exciting that I just can not hide my feelings and thoughts about these Eastern filmmakers when I witness something like that, and this is nothing more than a positive and appreciating reaction, of course. <br /> <br /> The Pedicab Driver is among the most incredible Hong Kong action movies I have ever seen and easily among the greatest achievements of the Sammo. If the few minor faults were not there, it could be even brighter and higher. 8/10
