It's a soft, laid-back 1950's comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a group of witches in Manhattan. She puts a spell on neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom, but ends up falling in love with him, losing his powers. You see, witches are allowed to have "hot blood," but not love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is your brother, dude. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a 1950s comedy because it could hardly be mistaken for anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the decor of the stage, through the wardrobe and plot, to the performances and direction. Get the character from Ernie Kovacks. He is referred to as "a drunk and a nut." And here's how the film demonstrates these characteristics. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a suit and tie like the other gentlemen, his hair is rather long and unkempt. This is a strict 1950 version of a drunk and a madman. Nothing is out of place; everything is neat and dust free. The soles of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are barely scratched. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where the witches meet. It's called "low dive". However, it is a clean, dark place with educated waiters, a quintet of musicians, well-dressed clientele and potted plants against apparent brick walls. That's not my idea or a "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dip in Greenwich Village is Julius or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, an extinct now a lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these. <br /> <br /> The kookiness we have always heard is muted by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is strange because she runs around her apartment on her bare feet. And she wears many black clothes like the Beatniks of the day. <br /> <br /> But do not mind. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a shop of primitive art for the oppressed. She has a strange, voluminous and ethereal beauty at the same time. She slides instead of walking, a weak presence. His eyebrows seem to be drawn with a set of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is very good as the confused and bewitched victim. In the 1930s, he used to play light roles. In the postwar years and for much of the 1950s, he was the tortured protagonist, but here he uses his early experience with comedy well. Who could resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forced him to wear a shawl and drink a horrid mix of putrid liquid in order to heal him of Novak's spell? It is good to see him as a clown instead of the man of indignant and angry principles that he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine directs the film quietly, without fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the play could not have had. Notice the scene in which Novak casts the spell on Stewart when the face and ears of the Siamese cat seem to merge with Novak's startling eyes. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. Brings the word "surrealism" to the mind. He could stage five minutes of wordless and indescribable tricks in an unpopulated room with only the Bartok Orchestra Concert as a backdrop. And he made an impeccable sketch using the character of Percy Dovetail, an effete poet. The credits go unnoticed by The Condoli Brothers, but this is rather casual, because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpet players with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte was later a member of Doc Severison's band on Johnny Carson's Late Show. <br /> <br /> The third act gets in the way a bit and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy." But it's never dull. The whole movie rolls as well as Van Druten's play and the kids are probably going to have fun as well.
