I can watch B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw her at age 18, maybe all but one. Certainly Miss K.Novak has lost none of her seductive fascination for almost half a century. Diana Dors of youth. All those young thinkers who now collect their pensions can briefly recover their hearts - clutching, tightening their collar, the pulsating ardor of blood they felt when she looked directly into their eyes on the days when they were being told that never so good. Now huddled against the cold and afraid of being mugged by a Hoodie, they rush home as fast as their arthritic knees can carry them into the Video Shop, relatively happy with the right knowledge that within the triple comparative safety of the room. Flat Tower Tower They can recover only a small fragment of their lost youth and perhaps reflect that love is truly eternal. This movie is Miss. Novak. She grabbed him eagerly and performed an impressive voluptuous performance combined with a hypnotic awareness of her own sex appeal, and in spite of all this, she convinced us that her character possessed a strange and seductive innocence. She completely dominates the lovely Mr. J. Stewart, who seems resigned to handing him the film. Miss E. E.anchester and H. Gingold offer comic relief together with Mr. E. Kovacs, whose peculiar talents are strictly proscribed. Mr. J. Lemmon plays the brother of Miss. Novak He is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as he realized that his existence was being recognized by the mainstream. Some of the hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later. Certainly they became fun figures in 1958 and Lemmon does not seem very concerned about the restriction of portraying someone. But everything else is mere frivolity, Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the sole reason for being "Bell, Book and Candle." She survives, her improved reputation, as the definitive showcase of one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Loved by the viewers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to captivate with that enigmatic smile all the time thinking that the old men have the strength to push the "Play" buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after all be discovered by a new a generation that - belatedly - will realize that it is entirely possible for a woman to be fully clothed and sexually attractive at the same time.
