John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a group of modern wizards who live in New York City; It was obviously an attractive movie property. She had a starring role for Gillian Holroyd, for her former book publisher Shepherd Henderson and her crazy family and circle, including Shep's confused fiancee, the odious Merle Kittredge, against whose chances Shep Gillian begins her magical spell. He arrived at Pyewacket, a Siamese cat familiar with opportune miacas, Sidney Redlitch, a false witch specialist with atrocious pretensions and bad manners. In short, it seemed to his producer, perhaps, box-office magic. And so it proved to be. So many things were right about his production, he had only one non-perfect element; but found the rest fun, charming and very consistent. To begin with, Daniel Taradash's script retained the finest qualities of the fine play, but opened its scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the cinematography of the legendary James Wong Howe, a beautiful soundtrack of George Duning, scenarios more than intelligent of Louis Diage and dresses of Jean Louis. In the attractive cast were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's naughty brother, the wonderful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as fellow witches and lovely Kim Novak in one of their most touching. Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; he did well with the comic parts on his part, but he was never convincing as a New York book publisher, and a little too old for Henderson's role. But director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, rhythm changes, and unusual composite footage to indicate the strangeness of the movie's witches' slices, keeping the other parts very bright but simple in their presentation. The main crisis of the plot in the film happens when, in reality, Gillian falls in love with Henderson, who does not believe in witches. She started just to get him away from his fiancee, his college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to leave, he keeps coming back to her - and realizes that he is under a spell, as she apologized trying to explain to him. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was summoned by spells to go to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he does not know anything about magic, but he is quite intrigued and interested in finding out why he got anywhere; but Gillian's brother lights it up. It all goes well at the end of this romantic satire when Gillian proves her love for Henderson by losing her powers - which is what happens to witches when they really love a mortal. Of course, he never really wanted to resist her anyway. The film has lively dialogue, charm and a bit of "magic" in the witch spell and the torments Gillian must face in her battle against herself and conquer the man she loves. A beautiful ending to this beautifully photographed and unusual novel makes its incredible realism, albeit a fantasy, practically complete in my opinion. Memorably delicious.
