The Bell, Book and Candle was the favorite of the most mature actresses to do in the summer and hit the road. A famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, made Ginger Rogers insist that her then-husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, accompany her. Marshall wore a wig, and as he walked through a door, his wig picked up a nail and stood back, swaying in the doorway as he stepped onto the stage. <br /> <br /> The piece was successfully adapted into a beautiful color. film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It is a light entertainment, about a family of normal-looking witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is the sensual, soft-spoken Gillian who would love to be normal. One night, with Stewart in her apartment, she puts a spell on him using his Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed in a lovely ensemble. which replies New York. The movie is a lot of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as Gillian's brother, a witch musician and Zodiac Club loaded with wizards. He uses his powers to turn on and off the street lights and turn on the occasional woman. Janice Rule is perfect as Gillian's ex-college rival, now dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great turnaround as an eccentric who is writing the definitive book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, Lanchester's aunt Gillian and Gingold as sort of a queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good choice for Gillian, giving the character a distancing match with a witch. , showing emotion when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, fabulous face and magnificent wardrobe, it certainly is magical. Stewart, in his last foray as a romantic leader, agrees with Novak as he did on Vertigo, and they make an effective team. It provides the heat, it provides the coolness, and somehow together they light up. In this, of course, he is much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A lovely movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good around Christmas (as part of it happens at Christmas), and great if you feel like smiling.
