From time to time, you are faced with a film that defines your values ​​and shows the true depth of human emotions, leaving you exhausted. Is Vivah just that? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I actually thought Bollywood reached its pinnacle and will never come to something like that - EVER. Boy was I wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to choose this movie along with the new "DON" (only so I can compare The Great AB with ShahRukh ?? although the decision has already been made in my mind). After debating whether I should lose nearly 3 hours in a meaningless movie, I decided to watch, realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw the U rating instead of an A, I was glad that at least it's something in which I do not have to watch half-naked women with bad acting skills doing anything other than dancing at every opportunity they have and kissing each face to show that they have more abilities in bed than a Hollywood actress B. During the first 5 minutes, I thought I would again be subjected to a meaningless story with bad acting. After all, everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor knows that he has never gained fame as a talented actor. Boy ?? Was I wrong about this movie? This movie caught my interest after the first 5 minutes and would never pass up. It was a great movie with a good story about the missing traditions of our society. I liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a film in which the younger generation might not relate to the concept (of arranged marriage), but also that he did it with conviction (which is the right thing to do ). I have no idea why some people think that acting was not good. I felt that the performance was great and even though the soundtrack was not considered the best, it was still very good. The good thing is that this song will grow in people over time, as it did for me after watching the movie for the second time. The other good thing is that your songs are not included in the script as we've all seen in so many movies. These songs really tell a lot of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan was no longer a joke for a great actor (after Company), and Salman found his rhythm after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; this film will help Shahid Kappor to be one of the best actors and animators of Bollywood. This is his first movie where I like him and his role. He acted well and adjusted to be the good kid rich and handsome. Yes you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point in a dunk as you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (even though he is shown to be an Indian in England? Both countries are not great in basketball by the way) he come across as credible as a person who remains true to his values. Amrita Rao for the first time appeared as someone to be remembered. In all her other films, she was competing with big faces, which in fact was disturbing her. No one knew how good an actress she really is, until they watch this movie. Some of the scenes in which she has to cry especially at the end really show her knowledge and depth of acting. Although she has participated in other films, she is more memorable in this film. I think this movie is going to and must do wonders for it. Move over Rani? finally there is another girl who, if she has a good chance to work with good directors, can take the torch from you. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. Oh, having almost 0% body fat also does not hurt (yes, people that I will challenge you to find up to 0.1% fat in it and, unlike so many others, like Sonali, it can also act). I thought I would never fall in love with anyone's beauty after Madhuri and Kajol, but she completely changed that. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship fit into their characters and they both did a great job (although I was hoping Shahid would turn into a girl as Salman did every time he uttered "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, it made me so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch this movie again (immediately). Yes immediately. I never did it. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie only had something that had to be understood again and again. I will probably watch this movie for the third time this weekend to watch and relive the traditions we all grow up with. I miss those times when the families sat down and had fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know a lot of people think the movie does not portray real life, but deep down we do not all want that to happen. Families, tradition, love and respect. This is what this movie will remind us all of. I can assure you that it is an extremely well-made film that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you're one of them.
