An absolutely brilliant movie! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, confronts totalitarianism in this final film. It would be banned by the communist government of Czechoslovakia (at the time), despite having received the biggest prize of animation of the country. <br /> <br /> In this sombre and entertaining short film, an artist tries to create a new pot for his favorite. to plant. He happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. Suddenly he feels a knock on the door, and comes this gigantic and omnipotent hand, which tries to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists the best he can, but ends up being overwhelmed by the constant attempts, by the hand, to force him to conform. It becomes brainwashed; an intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand attaches the strings to the artist, places it in a cage, and uses it to make hand statues. All the while glorifying the work of the artist and giving him medals and honors. The inner lust of the artist to be able to express himself freely is what helps him prevail over his indoctrination and allows him to escape from his prison. whether literal or in your mind, and go back to your home where he now must live in constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand. He closes, thinking that he is out of reach of the all-powerful hand, but in the process he puts the plant and marijuana high, hoping it is out of hand, and that ends up falling on his head, killing him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear he had to live with after escaping the strings of his hand. Once dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in the circumstances or for the reasons that the artist would like to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trnka's condemnation of totalitarian society, and her lack of the right to freedom of expression is somber, condemning and incredibly lively. No wonder the government has banned this, since this is the kind of media people admire and maybe even hear. This was obviously not acceptable. An amazing example of an artist's civil disobedience and the impact it can have. And still very relevant today for many parts of the world, from the USA to the Middle East. A must see and definite 10 out of 10! Talk about coming out with a bang!
