At first I did not like the movie because it was a Nazi swastika drama. But after buying it and seeing it, it was not so bad. I've heard so many complaints about the numbers being short and Ilse Werner not singing. Now I understand. The radio program was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and band like Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Fud Cantics never appeared on the radio show because the singers and bands were of pop jazz and swing categories. The club had regulated that for the busy areas on tour for soldiers to shortwave radios for soldiers also nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg, and record sales only. That's why Ilse could not sing in this photo. This would be done by the medium budget musical, Were making music, 1942, in which she would demonstrate her whistle. But this is an excellent example of advertising. His aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, goes to the Olympics in 1936. The aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge has to wait until her aunt returns with the tickets. She meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him and it's love at first sight. they plan to get married, but the Spanish war gets in the way, so he has to go on a mission against the right side. Carl Raddatz, as many people complained about him, was really beautiful and not simple. When he did Opfergang and they put a mustache on it plus his own tan that made him look simple. You see the Nazi soldiers acting normal, like a scene in which a former butcher and his troops are in France and they steal pigs from a farm and they are about to make lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. This reflects the extremism of Adolfo's animal rights. The character was a butcher now soldier. This was a subtle suffocation against meat consumption. In World War 11, Herbert is flying on a German plane. We shot one of the pilots, so Herbert takes over. We fired on his plane. They fall. Unfortunately for us they survive. Another seen the Nazi soldiers go into a Catholic church pump, is now putting the Catholics down, and Hubert's best friend, Helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke begins to play organ, Beethoven. More bombs come from us. The church is bombed plus the soldier continues to stand and touch the organ he is being told to leave. We wound up hurting him. Advertising message? The organ of the Catholic church makes him become addicted to it. He hurt him. Watch? By this time Inge is with her mother or grandmother, played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German actress Grandame who played Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut.Bem, later it is the short view of the radio program. This was not intended to be a music magazine, such as Kora Terry, released that year, as well as Rosen in Tirol. Music, as well as its side of the war, should be just the backdrop. It was mostly a romantic war movie. It is easy to take a picture of these soldiers in the film, but in real life many of these soldiers were being forced to fight the Nazi cause because of the work and the monthly payment they would receive. . After the war, many of those who would survive would repent. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have neo-Nazi and Nazi skinheads who have watched the same films to reflect your worship of Hitler and theirs. They have disturbing sites that exploit these movie classics to raise money for their insanity. Be careful most of the time it's just straightforward classics hate. If their scenario seems to be glorifying him, then it's a Nazi site that jumps him. Go to the IHF or German dot com war movies, Amazon dot or Dee network of German video spots. They are legitimate. 23/01/10 A mistake was not made by Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. He was the friend of Malte Yager's character, Schartzscop.
