Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are leaders in their respective bands; Anton with the massacre of Brian Jonestown and Courtney with the Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals; It is a relationship of love and hate. Sometimes you two hear them praising each other, but the next second they complain about how stupid and selfish they are. While the Dandy Warhols reached commercial success, BJM was still stuck on the underground scene; and for good reason. <br /> <br /> Dig's focus! is more for Anton and the BJM, as they have much more substance. They are the most dysfunctional band. During concerts, they will fight and beat each other. Anton will hit the other members if they think they are not working properly. With the amount of drugs consumed by an alcohol, the fight was always waiting to happen. You know how people go to car races just to see if a major car accident happens; that's why people go to their concerts, for the fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of himself as a music messiah, he wants to change the music and create a revolution but could never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, it is amazing how many instruments he can play and with such skill. But his disadvantage is that he can not escape the world he has created; a prolific musician trapped in a black hole drug, alcohol and depression. On the other side, the Dandy Warhols were having their own problems. They did not find much success with the first album and were constantly fighting with their label. But they found a huge success in Europe. But Courtney is still being sucked back into Anton's world. It's interesting that both Anton and Courtney had what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented as Anton, although Anton did not say this, he needed the commercial success Dandy had, to make his revolution. <br /> <br /> During the course of seven years that the film crew accompanied these two bands, there is a lot of footage. There is never a dull moment in Dig!. He's constantly moving because he does not have time to slow down, because he has a lot to say, seven years of telling stories at 1:45 a.m. is hard work. Ondi Timoner has done a great job of putting together one of the best music documentaries that makes you ever want more. Even if you do not like the bands that still deserve to be seen; transcends music to reveal a great story of a successful failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
