Excellent documentary, ostensibly about the friendship and subsequent rivalry between two West Coast rock bands: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. What is really showing is a portrait of a frontier psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Curiously, for a musical documentary, there is almost no music. What there are - stretches of music, most often aborted by artists - is incidental rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music but about a particularly American version of a British cartoon lifestyle myth, where no-one has to take responsibility for behaving like full-time spoiled teenagers. Tantrums, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic scale - all this is excused or positively encouraged because it conforms to some collectively held idea about what rock'n'roll is. As a movie, this is a first-class documentary, but raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and scandalous (and he is wild and outrageous) his music never seems to have progressed beyond the more obvious derivations of his 1960s idols (The Stones, Velvet, etc.). For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments he never was concerned with learning to interpret any of them beyond the rudimentary level. Similarly, Dandy Warhols' ardent ambition is based on a rock'n'roll vision that is surprisingly fossilized in 1969. Nothing wrong with pastiches, of course, but there is certainly more to the musical life than perpetually representing one cartoon of the late 60's. Why do not they take some risks with their music - the way their models did? Because, suspects, this is not about music. Music is just an accessory, a prop, or an excuse to lead a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: make lots of money and be famous. Great deal. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but every time he has the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages him, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is terrified of success and, at the same time, deeply resentful of anyone else he has - especially his former friends, the Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Highly recommended.
