A documentary about two bands of rocks, spanning several years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the examination of the complex contrasting personalities and the irony of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, the leading man in the Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals of Dandy Warhols, but also by record producers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately he and his band members are also unable to integrate with the real world. Newcombe chooses fights with band members onstage or with audience members (being stuck at one point by literally kicking a fan's head). Newcombe knows no limits ?? He plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM songs, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in a single day, has a prophetic obsession with his own musical genius, but is also a heavy user of drugs . enters into fury at the slightest compromise of his own artistic integrity, commands his members as if they were inferior forms of life, and can end the agreements as quickly as he does them. BJM go through a large number of record companies in rapid succession? they sign them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize that he is totally unmanageable. <br /> <br /> Do the Warhols acknowledge their debt to Newcombe's creativity and do not even place themselves in the same sphere of exalted greatness? but the Warhols have something that BJM does not have? the ability to integrate your talents with common sense, the real world and your market? as a mixture of talent (even though much of it is distilled from guru Newcombe) and affordability, they are the very definition of 'legal'. Excavation! follows the parallel lines of the two bands with increasing pungency. At one point, Newcombe pulls stunts designed to generate publicity by sending apparent death threats and hate messages to the Warhols (in a box containing real ammo and insults like a 'bar of soap' to clear his act) ?? he just forgets to say it's a trick and they get so paranoid that they take a restraining order against Newcombe. By the time the Dandy Warhols take off in Europe with hits like "Everyday Must Be a Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You," Newcombe is becoming increasingly isolated. BJM are stopped and the band split up when they are arrested for possession of marijuana? the Warhols are arrested for drugs at the same time, left with a warning, and even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> The wider appeal of DiG! is that the lessons of genius versus accessibility go far beyond two bands or even rock. The downside is that it's still a documentary, though intimate, and most often only attracts fans of dedicated films or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the bands featured. Newcombe may well be a largely unrecognized genius, and there are faint glimpses of this in the film, but to the unadjusted ear there is little more than the statements of the people interviewed to attest this. In the words of one of the band members: "In all spiritual traditions, you burn in hell for pretending to be God and not being able to support Him." Is not Newcombe faking it? but numerically there are still insufficient people to enjoy it in his own life, and DiG! has a difficult struggle to correct the balance in favor of a tortured but largely unrecognized genius.
