I watched this movie along with my entire family of Nine. Since my younger brother was recently married, we were able to connect with events. The film stands out for the classic touch given to the romance of the couple of grooms. Fortunately, this time all Indian sites like Ranikhet Almora, etc., were used, which have already been visited by most of the urban inhabitants, thus increasing the connection with the film. The dialogues are much better than those of "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a film supposedly based on dialogues. The background music is increasing the film's "soft focus". Somehow it reminds me of VV Chopra's "Kareeb," in which neha and to some extent Bobby did complete justice to the character. The same here, where the lead pair does not disappoint in any department of appearance or performance. The support cast is too good. I rate the actress playing the role of Bhabhi in the front league. The situations of family interactions portrayed are real and you smile when you stand in the place of one of the characters. The songs were very well suited to the scenes and went well with the film. However, although I respected Ravindra Jain for his work of films for Ramayana, I really missed Ram Laxman. <br /> <br /> There were no doubles (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue and no nonsense. . You comfortably watch the movie with your parents, unless you are already or are about to get involved. I want to say here that although Suraj proposes that marriages are between families and not just individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. The film is only about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are incidental. Art imitating life? The "peripheral characters" are consigned to the background and the only protagonists are the pair of lead. <br /> <br /> Coming back, everything was almost great. Except for the dramatic part. The tragedy situation was created artificially. The result, the sacrifice and the consequent change of heart are not convincing. That is why it lacks the emotional impact - the very purpose of this change of events. But a twist in the story was needed to transcend the film from a beautiful pre-marital video to a "feature film." But I kept waiting for the punch and it never came. The preaching of Mohnish Bahal and later of Alok Nath on the dowry was out of place and this made things too exaggerated. May be this will help the film a tax free status. But the plot could have become more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There were doubts in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Did the movie really end? 2 Is the movie over?
