<br /> <br /> I'm sure things were not exactly the same way in Homer Hickam's real life as in the movie adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but in the movie "October Sky" (an anagram of the title of book) is good enough to be alone. I have not read Hickam's memoirs, but I am still able to appreciate and understand his cinematic adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, chronicles the story of teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), beginning in October 1957. It opens with the sound of a radio broadcast, bringing news of the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first satellite in orbit. We see images of a gray-blue city and its inhabitants: mainly miners who work for the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners hears the news on a portable radio as he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as he disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. A melancholy violin melody disappears with this image. Then we hear Elvis on a car radio while words on the screen inform us about the setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), are talking about football testing. Soccer scholarships are the only way to get out of the city and work in the mines for these boys. "Because the athletes are the only ones who can go to college," Homer says. Roy Lee replies, "They're the only ones who get the girls." Homer does not come to football as his big brother, so he's bound for the mines and following in the footsteps of his father as my foreman. Until he sees the point of light crossing the October sky. So he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a disastrous attempt involving a primitive rocket and around his mother (Natalie Canerday), Homer asks the help of the nerd Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer quickly replies, "Everything." Her science teacher at Big Creek High School, Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) very much supports Homer, and the four boys work on building rockets in Homer's basement. His father, however, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste time with rockets, that coal mines are all that matters. Coal from the mines is used to make steel, and without steel, the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most poignant relationships I have ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering the local science fair, with the chance to go to the nationals and win a scholarship to college. "You can not just dream of leaving Coalwood," she tells Homer. Homer and his friends act upon their dreams by constantly working on the rockets, improving the models with each attempt. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose the determination. "What are the chances of us winning this science fair," O'Dell asks Homer in one of his most desperate moments. "One million for one," Homer replies. "That's nice?" O'Dell replies, "Well, why did not you say so?" The song, composed by Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a point where Homer descends into the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of leaving Coalwood. Rolling rock and roll of the 1950s, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally pushes the instrumental pieces aside to create a cheerful mood that contrasts teenagers 'lives with miners' lives. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set the mood and symbolize. The town of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blues, ashes, and browns. It's as if coal dust were everywhere - faces, clothes, houses, and roads. When a couple in a red convertible scintillating to ask for directions from the boys, it is obvious that they are from the outside world of Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. Guided missile design Miss Riley gives Homer is red. The red stands out enough against the gray-blue world of Coalwood to symbolize "going out," but it's still subtle. The reds are fleeting insinuations of a world that Homer only dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope and pertinacity as Homer Hickam, that it is hard to believe that he is not the real Homer we see in actual footage at the end of the film. Chris Cooper is also extraordinarily credible as Homer's stubborn father who does not recognize, or simply does not want to admit, that the mine is not producing enough to keep the city alive. Homer and all those who encourage him in building his rockets are aware that the city is dying. As the community disintegrates, the only way to stay together is by joining the rocket demonstrations. Again, I'm sure things did not happen exactly as the film portrayed them, but what would a movie be without some idealism? "October Sky" has enough to make it a great movie and enough crudity to keep it real.
