October Sky is a highly praised film, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are exciting, the actors and actresses do reasonably good works, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it's a true story. Frankly, I think the director's achievement is not comparable to the sparks and heat that the original story begets. We do not see any special narrative or cinematography; the power of the film depends a lot on the fascinating plot and difficult situation in which the young hero gets stuck, as most of the audience identifies with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to gain recognition from his father and create his own future, and his resilience wins our respect. "October Sky" reminds me of a later 2001 Japanese production of the miniseries "Rock Boy", which perhaps owes part of the inspiration of this film. In fact, these two works filmed in two different cultures offer an interesting comparison. When October Sky reveals the story of a young man crying aloud to claim his right about his own destiny, "Rocket Boy" offers a more committed description that can sometimes be a fiery critique of modern society. Starring the exceptional actor Yuji Oda, "Rocket Boy" focuses on three men as common as can be: a travel agent who dreams of becoming an astronaut, an arrogant advertising agent who is on the verge of being torn apart by his complex of inferiority resulted from the extreme success of his father and older brother (like what Homer feels in his family) and an employee of a food company about to marry but afraid of that idea. The collected social consciousness overcomes its definition of success to its constituents and takes more steps to force them to suffocate their dreams, stating that they are "impossible." To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator because ... It's called the Galaxy. When his client fails and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds the strength of words from his father, who had determined to be a sailor, but then found life at sea less attractive as he had presumed. "But I do not regret it," his father told Kobayashi, "at least I tried." It is his father's confession that encourages him to quit his job and apply for astronauts despite the fact that he hurts his legs and needs to move about in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's effort finally fails, and he returns to the travel agency. But his "crazy" courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him the most. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is at work as a guide to a space camp designed to allow children to learn more about astronauts. After the tour ends, we see him leaning against a tree, unfolding a poster sheet he rips from the bulletin board that says, "Astronauts Wanted for 2004." Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, as well as a child watching his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi can never get what he wants, but he dares his fate and just does it. This series is so enthralling not because the hero exhibits any heroic deeds, but to his ordinariness and the irresistible desire to realize his dream in wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi have the dream and do what they can despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to watch the Japanese TV series. If you are a nine-to-fiver, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB does not have your data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
