Based on the fact, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grew up in a coal town in West Virginia, where a boy's usual fate was to "end up in the mines." But Homer kept an eye on the sky and loved firing rockets, to the dismay of his father, the foreman of mines, and the consternation of the city's inhabitants in general. One mismatch, of course, he and three of his equally marginalized colleagues begin to make rockets, which fly from a barren area eight miles from town, no longer terrorize the community with their wandering rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are wasting their time. However, people are intrigued and soon begin to flock to watch the Rocketboys send their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they can become candidates at the National Science Fair, with college scholarships being the prize. Now the gang must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems they face while firing at the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films like Jumanji and Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky" certainly stands above all his other films. Without a doubt, "October Sky" is your best effort and obviously your best film. It's not just a true story filmed extremely well, but even as a movie, it has everything, what is needed for a top-notch cinema. And along with Johnston's extraordinary direction, there are some exceptional performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was around 19 when this movie was released and it gives a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father, also gives a very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern and she looks beautiful too. Even the rest of the performances are extremely good. The background score was fine. Highly inspirational film that raises your spirit to the top. One of those films that definitely inspire you throughout your life. An incredible inspirational film along with loads of entertainment. To not lose.
