A simple and effective film about what life is, responding to challenges. It took a lot of gall for Homer and his friends to grow into manhood without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that goes from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and never to leave that destination. It took three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first artificial man-made satellite, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a landmark in the history of mankind, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not pass up, did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and conceive a rocket from scratch, or rather, than they could gather in books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of a world that resists and refuses to try to force you back into the pack, even with a premature accident that forces you to return to the pack for the sake of survival, and yet Homer proved that he had the courage to accept the challenge that was blocking for a while his own plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he is also the bearer of the inspiration he and his friends need. If he is the only one who will get the university scholarship because his friends have given him precedence, his friends will also be able to follow their own roads and trails and get out of the mining destination thanks to the energy of his inspiring example. sets in front of your eyes. It is difficult, at times, not to follow the example of one who is like a beacon on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing how his father resisted that dream because, for him, science was not the fabric of a true man, like mining or football. The fate of the working class, so present in the 1950s and 1960s and still present in some areas, is often reinforced by the father's traditional thinking. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I am talking about becomes a tremendous trap. Here too the film is effective and should make some parents think. This might have been the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge of taking a road that was not the one that his own father had set and programmed. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University & University Paris 1 Sorbonne Pantheon
