"October Sky" is a movie that will steal your heart, fill your mind with vivid images and elevate your spirit. The story of Homer Hickham and his dream of creating a rocket seem so simple at first, especially when the film is set in a mining town where the future is as clear as the pieces of coal in the mine. But Homer can not follow in his father's footsteps. With the encouragement of Ms. Riley, (a friendly teacher), members of the team of his father and his friends, Homer tries to make his dream a reality. <br /> However, as in any real story, there are many stops along the way. Director Joe Johnston brings us down to the coal mines, where we witnessed the frightening situation of the miners bowed under a rock ceiling. With lighted helmets and curved posture, they resembled insects rather than human insects in the dark. The miners' dry cough and blackened faces were a constant reminder of the danger miners faced in their work. Contrasting the lugubrious load of the mine pit are the rocket images released by Homer and his friend. Under the blue bowl of the sky, rockets are placed on top of a block and thrown into the stratosphere ... And nothing can equal the scene when Homer sees Sputnik for the first time. <br /> <br /> But what makes the film so captivating is the relationship between the characters. Homer's father is a classic man hardened ... but he also has a soft side. We see that he loves his son, despite his many arguments. The love and support of Miss. Riley is also self-evident. Best of all, the film is uncomfortable. Do not tie everything in a beautiful bow. It tears you up, it picks you up. It maintains an air of reality, which is important in a movie like this. <br /> <br /> This film can be considered a complete work. At first, I was disappointed that the film did not continue with Homer's life. I did not want it to end. So I realized ... that's what a good movie does for a person. If you have done your job, you will not want this to end. And "October Sky" does just that.
