I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the main movie Prem Ki Deewani hoon, so a year ago I saw Vivah promos that looked good. But I did not want to waste my hard-earned money watching at the movies. When the movie first came out on DVD I rented and watched and loved the movie and took my words to Sooraj. I just watched it again yesterday and this time I thought of reviewing this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaIt's right this time, okay, I was not a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after Manie Pyar kiya to me I think Vivah is the best work of Barjatyas. I almost never cry in a movie, but this movie made me feel like crying. If you've fallen in love before then, there will be many moments that will touch you in this movie, the film is simply too sweet and will make you fall in love with it, my point of view is a very underrated movie. <br /> <br /> The history of this movie you can call desi and very old times but for me it seemed modern because the two couples who are getting a wedding arrangement are aware that it is an old tradition. It is done in the present times, many people do not believe in this marriage arrangement, but I believe. The journey between engagement and marriage, which will always be special, and this film shows this clearly. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show how it is and this is reality and my parents say that's how they got married and showed it in a way that's as real as people like Prem and Poonam meet in this movie is like most marriages happen. It was very sweet, you feel nervous but excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows this very well. Going back to history, yes, it is a journey that you will soon glue between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and their families. A turnaround occurs in this movie, which is really good, the last 30 minutes that all of you will be reaching for the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, as they fall in love the other one is very sweet. Simple Girl and Simple Girl, when they met during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe" It's very cute to watch, She barely talks at all and Prem talks all the time being honest with her about her past and the girl he liked it and he smoked. So this leads to all of them having a family trip and that's when they really fall in love with each other. This makes you just want to watch the couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam Chichi is really mean to her and you feel sorry for Poonam because she was treated poorly and makes you want to see her happy and when she finally finds happiness, you also get to feel happy with her the movie basically makes you fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she finds happiness through Prem, you want her to be happy and also expect nothing to go wrong because the character is shown as a sweet and simple girl. Which brings me to performances and Amrita Roa as Poonam is amazing in the movie, his best work to date, you will fall in love with this innocent character and hope to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is amazing too, he is Poonam's support in the film, he is his happiness in the film, together they share an incredible chemistry and I have never seen a more handsome couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk did not touch you to say how cute they are together, that will certainly do. "Mujhe Haq hai" music and before that is amazing chemistry they show. Scenes that touched me was when Prem takes Poonam to his room and shows her that's where they are going to stay and he opens it and they have a moment between them which is very sweet. Again, if you've ever been in love with someone, those scenes with which you can connect defiantly. The movie is just the cutest thing you'll ever see. <br /> <br /> The direction is right, for me a good movie is basically something that can pull me in and prevent me from believing by this time what is being seen here is fake and there is a camera filing them . For me, this film attracted me and for these three hours I felt very attached to the film. The songs that you will only really enjoy when you saw the movie as they are put songs in the situation after I saw the movie I've been playing the songs without stopping! The music is incredible, the story is just amazing too, what more can I ask for? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, we rarely have a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you have seen it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. It is basically the sweetest journey of all, basically showing that they travel between the engagement and the wedding and many people say that it is the best part of their life? Well, does this movie really show how people actually say that? Why do people really say that the journey is incredible! Watch this movie and you will discover why the journey is incredible!
