Watching the commercials of this movie, I was pretty convinced that I would detest. On the one hand, it was one of those films "loosely based on romance," which usually means the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to be associated with the film. Worse, the trailer showed only the most mundane clown imaginable (ex: child is squirted on the face with a garden hose ... and falls). So when my younger brother understood in his mind that this was the "must see" movie of the season (of course, he thought the same thing about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Bully Ant", "Monster" House, etc., etc.), I was admittedly less than thrilled. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the film won me over for a variety of reasons. 'better than any other children's movie I've ever seen.A good example of this comes soon after the director of the boys accidentally eats a worm stuck in an egg omelet.The boys make a dumb and exaggerated impression of the director giving lectures, which makes it realistic, since all the little children think (mistakenly) that they make big mocking expressions of their adult tormentors.Then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say, 'alley oop'?" Another boy replies, "Maybe he is crazy! "and the whole group laughs loudly. but exactly the kind of thing a kid would create on the spot and exactly the kind of observation that other kids his age would find hilarious. As if to confirm it, my younger brother laughed at the right time when they were spoken on the screen; I could practically hear his voice exposing the exact same lines if he were placed in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason the movie works is that writers get to work on issues like bullying, sibling relationships, the new kid at school, and group / compliance pressure without making any of them look as if they were subplots for some special after school. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is definitely bad, but not pure evil, and just enough of his domestic life is revealed that the public feels sympathy for him and understands his origins bullying. There is also no "dramatic music" moment in which Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes what a complete tool is being for his younger brother, Woody, and yet, at the end of the movie, some kind of little transformation has been made. There is some realism here in how characters resolve situations and how they relate, and very little is revealed as tacky. The only downside to the movie comes in the form of an absolutely laughable dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonald's dance party on "Mac and Me" would mock. Why, oh, why was it put in the movie? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) pull out a Macaulay Culkin and refused to take the role unless he had a vehicle to show off his impressive dancing skills? The entire sequence definitely did not have to be there and was a bit less comical than any show on The History Channel. <br /> <br /> Overall, however, this movie was excellent, and the duration (about an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best and most realistic live action movies you'll see if you're always around kids or just remember what it was like to be a kid.
