I've never seen a movie like this before. I was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughing all through the movie. I never thought such a horrible performance existed, it was all very funny. The story behind the film is decent, but the movie scenes can not portray them. I've never seen such a stupid movie in my life, and that's why I think it's worth watching. I give this film 10 out of 10 because it is the most pathetic movie ever created, this movie looks like it was created exclusively to become junk. I mean, the scenes look so fake and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them." You'll get a kick just to see how bad this movie is, my friend and I could not stop joking during the movie, the darthvader who tries to get the girl to get hit not once but twice and the second time he was run over sounded as if he said sh! # although he does not speak English lol. If you watch this movie, you will think that all the other movies that you disliked about you took for granted, are much better than that. This movie should be seen out of curiosity as well as the kind of movie DEFINES lame. The evil snake found the girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil snake just roared and roared and let it go away all the time. The evil snake had so many chances that it was as if God was trying to hurry and eat the girl how many miracles you want. Does the transition between scenes leave you wondering if I missed something? So many scene scene holes for dinner. I was laughing like crazy when they decided to "Escape to Mexico" to escape the snake. Hmmmm jumping the border will save you from a korean snake? interesting ... very interesting .... I think jumping the border solves all problems. Another scene that completely raped me .. they met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach that they kissed and did not even know each other ... the scene was so clichéd and the movie was nothing at least in other movies may seem logical, but I want to say that they just met, even though they are reincarnations. The feelings were as if they loved each other instantly instead of developing. Anyway this movie is worth watching for the sake of opening your eyes and seeing the light. Bad Hollywood movies will seem like paradise when compared to that. In the end, it's worth watching you do not get bored, you'll be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
