"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about someone winning a contest, including a contract to make movies in Hollywood, only to find the way to stardom or pitched or non-existent . In fact, as I was watching tonight at Turner Classic Movies, I was wondering if the authors of the latest musical "Singing In The Rain" could have taken some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel", most notably a temperamental a movie studio, and a conclusion about a person singing a movie soundtrack while someone else got the credit when talking on the screen. "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of making movies in the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, interpreting herself (and despite some negative comments I've seen, she has a very nice personality on the screen and a natural command of his lines). She is not the only real person in the script. Make-up specialist Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to make one character look like another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of the young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing a radio interviewer at a movie premiere. Reagan really does very well in his brief scenes - particularly when he realizes that no one Dick Powell is about to take over the microphone when it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell has won a Hollywood contract in a contest, and is leaving his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The beginning of this film, by the way, is quite impressive, since the band drives a parade of trucks to give a goodbye to Powell. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a letter was left on purpose. Throughout the lyrics of Johnny Mercer are references to Hollywood like Max Factor, The Makeup King, Rin Tin Tin, and even a suggestion of Tarzan. But the original lyrics of the song referred to Tyrone Power. Obviously Jack Warner and his brothers would not announce the protagonist of 20th Century Fox, and the name Donald Duck was replaced. Anyway, the number showed the singers and instrumentalists of Goodman's orchestra at its best. The same made a later five-minute section of the film, where the band is rehearsing. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to find out that he is a signed player. (probably for musicals involving saxophonists). He is known by Allen Joslyn, the studio's publicist (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad guy, but he's busy and tends to get rid of people unless it's necessary to talk to them. He parks Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, which is also where the moody studio star (Lola Lane) lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), his sister (Mabel Todd) and his sane cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain," except that her voice is good. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is an "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, scene stealing easily several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a cool guy like Gene Kelly was, and Lane (when not involved in his ego) is fully aware of it. Having an adjustment in being overtaken by an unusual role she wanted, she refuses to watch the premiere of her latest movie. Joslyn finds a double for her (Lola's real-life sister, Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is composed to play the star at the premiere and at the accompanying party. But she meets Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This leads to Powell knocking down Mowbray when the latter does a plague of himself. But otherwise, the night is a success, and when the two are together they begin to find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> The complications deal with Lola coming back and pounding Powell's face after Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his gang of thugs"). Powell's contract is bought. Working with the photographer who turned agent Ted Healey (actually not that bad in this movie - he even tries to do an imitation of Jolson at one point), the two try to find work, ending up as employees in a hamburger stall run by Edgar Kennedy grumpy. (the number of broken dishes and customers singing in the restaurant give Edgar plenty of time to make his burns slow with gusto). Eventually, Powell gets a "break" when hired to be Dupre's voice in a "Gone With The Wind" teaser. This leads to the final section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help give Powell his chance to show that it is his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a very cute and attractive film so far. The worst aspects are due to your time. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer tolerable (while trying to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs a doorman and mentions Joslyn to be careful, Powell photographs a lot obscurely - understand?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as fashion designer of Lola Lane, which is (let's say) too thick is also not very bearable. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a bit too much (much of the time) but was very popular in 1937. And an incident in which Healey almost gets into a fight at the premiere (this was one of his last films) people of the tragic and yet mysterious end of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the film is good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
