The film begins with a girl with mental problems, with bright yellow sneakers looking at the sky in a corner of Madrid street and being enchanted by a passing plane. The film examines the lives of five women: Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel, who have completely different lives and shoe choices. Their shoes are the first superficial, but affixed with some meaning, clues that we have in their fragile identities. In a theatrically embroidered and embellished manner, a podiatrist attempts to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of a woman's souls by the soles of her feet. The premise is risky and lightly invented, but the tone and depth of the film defy good taste. <br /> <br /> What may have been light and shallow, quickly changes gears with superb dysfunctionality. scene of the couple that leaves the spectator riveted for minutes, seeing the love or the lack of it, the pain, the confusion, the hope, the needs and mechanisms of escape develop through different minutes rooms of the house and until the street and eventually below ... What a scene (!), But there will be others so effective to accompany and strengthen the strong characterization and direction shown in this slice of life. <br /> <br /> Moving on, a woman lost her husband she loved and inherited her children and her taxi, while another completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, a pending divorce? reproof, repentance, and remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live life even if it is always somewhat hopeless? However, are not these hopes and dreams exactly what sustain us here and in a spectrum of relative happiness? Many profound themes emerge and the final act unites people and ideas to unite in an existential crisis without clear solution, definitive decision or effective healing. Perhaps an indescribable thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation of life and the art and intellect of the film. To live. To live again. Rewind the spool. Unravel the real, the important; the great stones (stones) of life. The rest are just details.
