I recently came back and watched this movie again for not seeing it in years. When I first saw the movie I was too young to understand what the movie was. Now that I've seen it again, I could not believe what I've lost all these years. For me to be able to see movies for what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people think music is the best part, but I do not think it's true. Most people do not realize how good the story is because it is judged by acting. The truth is that no one in the movie was actually trying to act, on the contrary, they were just being themselves. The entire main cast was just playing. They were not trying to be anyone else, but themselves. <br /> <br /> In fact, I observed and analyzed the work and effort invested in the film. Now, from my point of view, the situations shown in the film are based on what really happened musically in Minneapolis at the time, and most of the things that happen are true events that have happened in Prince's career and that can tell better than him? The music that came from the city at the time was beginning to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the song was very influential, especially in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry", where in fact Prince, among other musicians, began his career. It is also a known fact that Prince and Morris Day have always had a competition with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically plays out of that competitive aspect of their rivalry rather than their friendship, which shows the true competitive side of what happened at the First Avenue club for their time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is good is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the movie are actually based on events that Prince went through in his life with the musical and personal aspect. For me, this made the film more realistic as much as the emotion because it is counting its trials and tribulations pre-stardom. Moreover, his dedication he puts into his performances is phenomenal. Prince made sure that every moment of the film was made perfectly. Every time you hear a song play in the movie, it is in perfect sync with the current situation. <br /> <br /> Prince is a genius of music and has tasted it on several occasions. This movie is what really put Prince on the map officially and it has not slowed since then. Anyone who has watched this movie or yet (unbelievably) has not watched it yet, when you sit down and watch this movie you have to watch it with intellect or you will miss the whole look of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely the movie to watch. Above all what anyone else says, I think it's a great movie to watch and have.
