This is one of the best movies to come from Bollywood in years. Certainly the best this year so far. Indian to the core, panoramic visuals, pleasing dialogues to the heart and melodious and smooth music make the film exceptional. The proper description of Indian values ​​and culture causes the viewer to seek its roots in them and to invigorate the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new breath of life. <br /> <br /> This film is for the viewers who enjoy an appeal to the imagination and philosophical senses. If you enjoy watching movies to let all your nerves thrill through screen action, sex or horror, then this movie is not for you because you will see that the movie is not full of 90 degree twists. It's as simple a story for a movie as possible. But that's exactly where the art of the movie is. You get a real life experience, and the best of all is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It's about the positive side of life, about the sweet things that God has poured out on humans, as against regressive movies that insist on showing the gifts, terrorists and underworld. This is not about things and people that have been bad. It is about the goodness that still persists and keeps the world going. Of course, every genre of film is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to create a movie that swims against the tide and tries to open the public's eyes to the realities and hidden truths. <br /> <br /> That said, here is more ... <br /> <br /> The film is the journey of a couple from the engagement to the arranged marriage - yes, that's right, it's an arrangement marriage and the couple know each other only through their parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month difference between engagement and marriage is long, not full of "seductive" events, but nourishes the couple's growing love and devotion to each other. They learn together the importance of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But were these strengthened enough? Their relationship will face the test not only of time but also of fortune. Will they pass this test? That's what "Vivah" is about.
