Last night I finished watching again "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC miniseries adapted from Charlotte Bronte's gothic novel that is deservedly a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke, like Jane Eyre, a poor orphan girl of 18 years, a governess in the property of Mr. Rochester, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" has been one of my most beloved books ever since I was an 11 year old girl and my friend gave me the words "This book is amazing" and so it was and I read it dozens of times and still not I'm tired of this. His beautiful, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh language, dialogues and, above all, two main characters, and the story of his impossible love attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted for TV and screen often, 18 according to IMDb. As famous and wonderful actors as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton played the couple who overcame hundreds of obstacles made by society, laws, religion, differences age, origins, experiences, and the fatal errors they would have hunted for many years. Of all these films, I have seen only a 300-minute BBC version that follows the novel closely and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark characters, not only played Edward Rochester brilliantly and classy, ​​he was Mr. Rochester. - sarcastic, vibrant, force-of-nature, powerful, passionate, sexy and tormented master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was also convincing as a sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane who feels deeply and is full of passion mixed with clear reasoning, and quiet but steady willpower. <br /> <br /> Added on September 17, 2007: Over the past two weeks, I've seen five "Jane Eyre" movies and it was a wonderful experience. There's something to admire about all of Jane Eyre's adaptations, even if not all of them are quite successful. This version is still my favorite movie of "Jane Eyre".
