Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit poisoned for an actor, paying for the pleasure of a fleshy character competing with the fantasies of generations of readers? not to mention the countless other actors who have surrounded the castle before. Fortunately for the fantasists, this version? with the cast well Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton? stay head and shoulders above the versions that came later. It is the right length to do complete justice to history and makes considerable use of Bronte's blunt dialogue; nothing of what modern intruders, cutting text and adding new and inferior scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters and the circumstances of life they create to lead. Jane ?? "poor, simple and little"? grows in the charity of a cold aunt, her nature and independence shaped by a long period in a very hard school. She arrives as housekeeper at Mr. Rochester's house, totally unfriendly and alone. She is habitually repressed for duty and hard experience, but her passionate nature soon finds her touching role in her severe, deeply intelligent, enigmatic master, to whom she is drawn, as he is to her, by forces beyond her control. Rochester is the caged, busy tiger "paving hell with energy"; potentially dangerous for everyone who comes into contact with it? but "permeable through a crack or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary liberties with a subordinate paid; but then Jane is not an ordinary employee, as he sees. But an obscure secret and severe judgments are before both. <br /> <br /> Is it a pleasure to hear the remarkable dialogue of Bronte, spoken by such talented actors ?? Dalton, in particular, seems formed by passion on a brontean scale. If you've only seen him as a not so memorable Bond, you've missed the thing at which he is best. Those who commented that his Rochester is very handsome, do not understand these role plays: his character has long screen time for a really ugly man to keep the attention of the viewer. Timothy Dalton is right, not always consistently handsome, but often lucid, impressive, just as it should be. And Jane de Zelah Clarke is not a wallflower; she conveys the emotions of a woman who habitually represses her sense of humor and her passionate nature with great success, allowing her rare explosions to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not too long ago, the BBC broadcast an excellent dramatization. from the enlightened and disturbing response of Jean Rhys to Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea", imagining the story of the first Mme. Rochester. Check out ?? you will never see the "hero" of "Jane Eyre" in the same way.
