The 1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre," starring Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM), has always been and always will be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you watch any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching a normal movie that you will forget the next day. But watching this almost equals reading the book. I used to watch these miniseries a lot when I was little, and they inspired me to read the book. At the time, I did not pay attention to how much this television production was close to the book. I recently watched the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). After that, I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" even more because it includes all the important scenes in the book and tells the whole story (the other versions did not, if you did not read the book). <br /> <br /> The 1983 cast, Jane Eyre, is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (handsome enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is as good as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone doing that role. And Zelah Clarke is undoubtedly the only Jane who follows the description of the book. The other thing that makes this movie so good is the actors' make-up and makeup. Jane seems so modest and naïve, as Bronte describes her (although she does not look 18, but do you really pay attention to that?) <br /> <br /> Some people say that Jane Eyre is very long, but I'd rather spend all day watching than spending 2 hours watching the other version. Some say the film is boring and annoying because Jane is not passionate enough, or because there are not enough "kissing scenes." I hate it when they make Jane Eyre some "Hollywood movie" with scenes of inappropriate kissing. You do not have to include "crazy, madly in love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester. And Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that there are no other necessary scenes !! I'm 19 and many girls my age refer to this movie as "boring and outdated." But I can only feel sorry for them because they do not appreciate the purity and beauty of it. After all, the novel is set in the nineteenth century, and this old-fashioned look makes it more appealing and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will be any other version of Jane Ayre that has the popularity and love for this one. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
