I recently saw this production on DVD. It's the first time I've seen her since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first, as I was worried, it looked old fashioned and I suppose it is a little dated and very wordy as the BBC serials were at that time. (I miss those wonderful dramas that always seemed to be on Sunday afternoons) But that aside is as perfect as it could have been. I'm a little "Jane Eyre" purist as is my favorite book and have never seen another production that is true to the book like this. Recently I reread the book as well and some of the dialogues are only punctual. Reading the scene near the end where Rochester questions Jane about how St John was, I noticed that his words were exactly reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clarke and made perfectly. <br /> <br /> All other productions that have been made seem to be missing in some way, some even leaving aside the "Rivers" family and their connection to Jane. I also think this is the only production to include the "Gypsy" scene done properly. <br /> <br /> The cast is perfect, Zelah Clarke is how Jane is described in the book "small smooth and dark" and I disagree that she looked very old. Timothy Dalton may be a bit too cute, but he's absolutely perfect as Rochester, portraying every aspect of his character and acting justly! I agree with another comment that he even looks quite scary at the time, as in the scene when he slowly turns around in the church when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically scary. But then, in another favorite scene, her joy is wonderful to see as Jane descends the stairs and falls into his arms the next morning declaring their love for each other. A love that is beautifully portrayed and totally believable. Oh, to be loved by such a man! There were some scenes that were strangely missing, however, such as when Jane goes to bed with Helen dying and also when Rochester takes Jane to shop for her wedding things (I thought one was in her, but maybe my memory was preaching pieces) Finally, if you've never seen another production of Jane Eyre - you simply see this is simply perfection!
