My comments on VIVAH: - It is a charming and idealistic love story starring Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The movie takes us back to small pleasures like the families of newlyweds and grooms sleeping on the floor, playing together, their friendly games and mutual respect. Vivah is about the sanctity of marriage and the importance of the commitment between two individuals. Yes, the central novel is naively visualized. But the sneaky romantic moments between the couple being married and their stubborn resistance to modern dating games make you yearn for idealism. The film predictably concludes with the wedding and the fiance on their wedding night tells his new bride suffering from burns: "Come on, let me do your bandage" VIVAH - shows a lot of good things - beauty of arranged marriage, beauty of Indian culture, beauty of Indian woman, last but not least a nice IDEALISM of the over-to-be-couple waiting to get married .... playing by the rules! Simple but beautiful; Such a simple story ... no plot ... no villain - as is the case with most of Sooraj Barjatya's films. Sooraj sir is back to what he does best. He made the film with TOTAL CONVICTION. It's a very sweet movie - which teaches the current generation many good things about Organized Marriage and the Union of 2 Families. I think AMRITA RAO - looks very good and she has acted very well. She has most of the good scenes - though I thought the last half hour went completely to Shahid Kapur - which, for a change, gives an impressively restrained performance. I also enjoyed the acting of everyone else eg. the Choti, namely Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, brother of Shahid and sis-in-law. It almost seemed as real and recognizable as he could. Sooraj Sir has another good family movie to his credit after Maine Pyar Kiya, HAHK and Hum Saath Saath Hain. The chemistry between Shahid and Amrita is AWESOME. <br /> <br /> Things like Holiness in a Marriage / Relationship, Avoiding Dating, Mutual Respect, Care and Space, Waiting to Get Married Officially, Praying / Sacrifying by Ur Amada - all this and more if shows in Vivah. There's still a good audience watching this movie. Some of the people / audience are already excited after seeing it, they are thinking of arranged marriage :) This is success if you ask me. it seems that AMRITA RAO - our actress-of-Vivah (Result for a good performance) received the prestigious DADSAHEB PHALKE award in 2006 !! Let's take her hat to her for this Chalo achievement, even though Vivah, Shahid or Amrita have not received any of the film awards and other awards; @ at least this is news for the CHEER about !! Congratulations to AMRITA RAO for showing us a look of Indian bride in the purest form and From Course to Sooraj Barjatya for portraying her in the best way :) Do not forget Shahid Kapur and all the others that make VIVAH a sweet and legendary as it is today !! Imagine, to share the same pedestal as the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... His achievement does not mean !! Congratulations to Amrita Rao - for taking her career to another level with this award ... I personally think she should continue to make movies only with Shahid Kapur !! They make a cute couple and their chemistry on the screen reminds me of {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} .................. Some points that I noticed, few of the elements: - # 1 If you notice carefully, Amrita Rao looks so good because she is always wearing traditional dresses. It gives every bit of the essence of the Indian woman - in this movie !! Perfect fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not exactly ready for marriage or the beginning of marriage ... but PREM hears carefully the step by step lecture given by his FATHER - having full faith in Anupam Kher. Eventually "Honesty" and "Trust" are the keywords he reflects on in his first conversation with Amrita. Most people think that this first encounter with a total stranger and for a limited time is never enough to judge a person. But according to what I've seen in this movie, I have a feeling - that Two people who are made for each other can connect inside a first date too, it is possible !!! # 3 Throughout the movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where Shahid and Amrita are together - or show being together. It's unlike most other romantic wedding-based movies where Hero & Heroine are always singing / dancing or nowadays - doing cheap things. But the beauty of each of these 5 sequences: - Characterized by restraint, innocence and respect for the other! # 4 I really enjoyed the relationship shown between Chacha ALOK NATH and Amrita Rao. These types of films should highlight the indifference shown to daughters / girls in some parts of India. # 5 Romantic scenes between the main couple are filmed nicely - no cheap scenes, the songs are beautifully portrayed !! Words like "Jal", "praarthana" e.t.c. are going to be buzzwords for all the girls who liked this movie :) Personally, I really like a lot of dialogues in this movie. # 6 Last but not least - The whole hospital scene where Shahid puts "sindhoor" to Amrita when she's struggling for life - is great. These dialogues between the couple are so touching and you feel the love / I-do-not-without-U; It's a Hats-Off feeling !!! In many ways, VIVAH reminded me of Maine Pyar Kiya, DDLJ, Qayamat If Qayamat Tak, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - by the freshness / chemistry on the screen of the pair LEAD:) :) IF If you ask me: - Along with films like Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munhani, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Express, VIVAH is among the best films made in 2006. In fact, I think Vivah deserves better visualization / business than Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all those time passing / fuzzy / style / crap !!
