* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss this without revealing specific points in the plot, but I can not. Excuse. <br /> <br /> I was looking for a review of the IMDb of the film George C. Scott when I came across the summary and reviews of this version. They had so many positive reviews that I decided to order them though: (a) while truncated and hurried, I found George C. Scott personifying the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of Rochester to T; and (b) even looking at the DVD cover, I was thinking "Timothy Dalton is not too handsome for the role?" The latter concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to reread the book while the DVD was late. That being said, the minute I started watching, I was fascinated. At first it was disconcerting to hear the 1840s spoken as written - with few or no attempts at modernization - but Dalton and Clarke went so deeply that I really liked the fact that the adapters trusted the public to follow the archaic discourse. . Having too much of the book on the screen was an extra bonus. I know someone who does not see any version of Jane Eyre because "who wants to see a movie about a man who keeps a crazy woman in the attic?" Frankly, if someone who had not read the book stumbled over an hour and a half or two versions of the hour, they would think that practically the whole story implies - the Rochester secret and its effect on everyone around them. Fortunately, this version is about the whole life of Jane Eyre. <br /> <br /> Some people criticized the cast. Dalton is very dashing; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is so "in the moment" that I believe he is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is in the mark. Jane Eyre is quiet, cautious. If one remembers the book, much of Jane's ferocity and passion occurs during her particular struggles. Some of the criticisms confuse me. Reviewers say Clarke is too short or not pretty enough. The book continues ad infinitum about how small and simple Jane is. Clarke should not be high and the filmmakers have toned down their appearance to make Jane's claims about her lack of beauty credible. She can hardly help if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between leads. What?!! The scene in which Jane finally leaves her room after the wedding fiascos vibrate with passion and longing and sorrow and regret - and this is only the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other reviewers. I also lost more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers brothers. Part of the dialogue was strangely truncated. When Rochester says, "Jane, you misjudge me, I do not hate you because she's crazy," I waited for the rest of the conversation when Rochester explained how Jane went crazy, he still would love and care for her. It's a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it had been included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester to that part of the story where Jane is alone. It could have been done for the sake of clarity, but I found it shocking. I wanted the sly humor of the scene in which Jane opines that Rochester's ardor would cool and it would become rough again, but he might "like" her again and again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare misstep is blatant - when Rochester cries in the library, I see him as an actor making a crying scene, not like Rochester. As for sets, if anyone has ever taken an episode of the 1960s "Dark Shadows" show, you know what to expect - very stiff and sometimes fragile interiors. Others commented in detail and succinctly on Rochester's recovery work at the end. Damn it! This is bad. The conclusion is very abrupt. After all that anguish and suspense, I wanted a more rounded ending. And in my copy of the DVD, having credits at the beginning and end of all eleven episodes of 25 to 30 minutes gets to be a bit much. That said, I'm very happy to have this movie and watch it several times.
