I am a lover of Jane Eyre and a purist, and this version includes almost every important detail of the book, and the characters are portrayed as I imagined them. Jane Eyre is a complex story of great wealth and can not be properly delivered in a feature film format so she needs a TV miniseries. Timothy Dalton's Rochester is probably the best of them all. There has been much discussion about how attractive he is and his age. In the book, Jane (the narrator) describes him as "about 35" and not young but not yet middle-aged. I think Timothy Dalton was about 38 when he did it, so that's right. Also, we only have Jane's opinion about whether Rochester is beautiful. She just met him and he asks her bluntly what she thinks. As an inexperienced and humble girl, I can not imagine her saying she thought him handsome. The actor who plays Rochester needs to show us the character of the man, and this is accomplished to perfection. I love the relationship between the two clues, which is the crucial thing about this story and the humor of their encounters. Other versions have exploded, but that's right. The 2006 version of Toby Stephens (37-year-old) is underway on BBC1 and is really good, so I'll decide if that's my favorite when it's done. <br /> <br /> Upon seeing this series again, After watching the 2006 version, I decided that this version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clark is the best! Charlotte Bronte's dialogue is preserved and this is essential to the power of history. The modernization simply does not work - it's a Victorian story and having an archaic poetic speech matches the characters. This version has an excellent cast - Zelah Clark is small and the height difference between her and Rochester is important; Timothy Dalton has a real presence and is an incredible actor. There are no extra scenes to deviate from the plot and the script includes all the essential scenes, but leaves out unnecessary details, making it to the point and exciting. I recommend it to all true fans of Jane Eyre.
