There are many adaptations of Jane Brontë's classic novel, Jane Eyre, and taking into account the numerous reviews written about them, there is also a lively discussion about which one is the best. The adaptations for short films suffer from the fact that it simply can not fit the whole plot of the novel into a film of about 100 min. consequently, these films show only some parts of the novel. The TV series proved to be a more appropriate format to render all the different episodes of heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini TV series, released in 73, 83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre adaptations and an impressive example of an overrated film. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by insipid and trivial, and crucial scenes are erased or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with romance. What all leads to this is that the characters portrayed have nothing in common with Rochester and Jane of the novel and behave exactly in the opposite way described in the book, but also that their behavior and language are not absolutely consistent with the novel. the behavior of the period in which the novel is defined. It's a silly novel, in which the actors seem and act as if they had been put on the costumes of the 1850s by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call herself) is in fact a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very true to the novel in which the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are processed almost to the full extent. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work wonderfully on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is complex and too complicated to seem natural when spoken on the screen, and the constant interruptions of the dialogues by Jane's voices contribute to the impression of artificiality and staging. And despite the fidelity to the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Jane's portrayal of Sorcha Cusack as a courageous, self-confident and worldly young woman is totally at odds with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, despite being a good actor, simply does not possess the dominant physical presence or the charisma required to perform Rochester Despite of a decent adaptation, he simply can not convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivates the audience. <br /> <br /> All flaws in the '73 version are fixed in the TV miniseries of '83. Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from the point of view of a purist Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and slim to be Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities for the role: He has an imposing physical presence, great magnetism, and an air of self-confidence and authority. And despite his undeniable beauty, he seems somber and severe enough to interpret Thornfield's somber master convincingly. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he represents every facet of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who played Rochester, he is the only one to capture them: Rochester's harshness, insolence, temper and abruptness, as well as his comedic side, his tenderness, his solicitude, and his deep, frantic love. Dalton's manipulation of Charlotte Brontë's language is equally superb. Even the most complicated and complicated thoughts of Rochester are absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. He is the definitive Rochester, unsurpassed and unsurpassed, and after watching him in this role, it is impossible to imagine Rochester being touched in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke offers an equally excellent. performance in a role that is possibly even more difficult to play well than Rochester. She accurately portrays Jane from the novel, a timid, reserved and reserved young woman, but endowed with great depth of feeling and equally strong will power. She perceives beautifully the duality of Jane's character: her modesty and respect, on the one hand, and her fire and passion, on the other, her apparent fragility and her indomitable sense of right and wrong. She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight. <br /> <br /> As for fidelity to the literary model, this version also quoted textually from the novel as the 1973 version, but with one important difference: The dialogues are shortened in this version, but the core lines that are essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot are unchanged. Thus, the screenwriter avoided any artificiality of speech, while preserving the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë's language. And in contrast to the previous version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is perfectly captured. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is followed with even greater precision than in the '73 series. It's almost a staging scene for the romance scene, where equal timing and emphasis is given to every episode of Jane's life. It is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre that has a gypsy scene worthy of romance, and the only one that does complete justice to the central and most moving scene of the novel, when Jane and Rochester meet after the aborted marriage. Timothy Dalton, in particular, plays this scene with excellent skill. He surrenders with anguish of almost painful intensity to Rochester's anguish when he notices Jane's resolve to leave him, her frantic attempts to make her stay, and her final despair when she actually leaves him. It's a devastating, almost devastating scene that will remain with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even with the perfectly shaped minor roles, an excellent screenplay and two ideal lead actors, this is the definitive and definitive one. Just true "Jane Eyre".
