Yes, this production is long (good news for Bronte fans!) And it has a slightly dated feel, but both the cast and the acting are so brilliant you will not want to watch any other version! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton It's Edward Rochester ... it's that simple. I do not mind other reviewers saying he's too cute. Dalton is attractive, certainly, but he is not a handsome boy. In fact, he has a dark and angular spell that, in my opinion, is in accordance with the mysterious and very masculine mr. A. And he embodies the sad and tortured persona of Rochester with such intensity. It portrays the ferocity when the scene asks, but also exhibits the tender, passionate and emotional side of Rochester as well. (IMO, the newest A & E production, suffers that Ciaran Hinds - whom I usually love - seems to quarrel and force his way.) I read the book several times and never felt that Rochester was to be seen as a beast growling nonstop. .) When I reread the novel, I always see Zelah Clarke as Jane. Mrs. Clarke, to me, looks like Jane as she describes herself (and is described by other people). Small, childish, fairy ... although it is true that the actress does not seem to be 18, she portrays Jane's attributes so well. While other critics claim that her acting is wooden or unemotional, one must remember that the character spent 8 years in Lowood being trained to keep her emotions and "passionate nature" under control. Her main inspiration was her childhood friend Helen, who was the image of demure submission. Although her true nature was different, Jane learned to master her temper and look docile, in accordance with the school's goals for her charitable pupils who would go into service. Jane becomes governess in the house of the rich Mr. Rochester. She certainly * would * not talk to him as an equal. Even later, when she gave the same amount she received, she would always remember that her station was well below that of her employer. However, if you read the book - for which this production gets incredibly close - you can clearly see the little difficulties that Zelah-as-Jane suffers when she subjugates her emotions in order to remain mild and temperate. <br /> <br /> The chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is right, I guess. No, it does not look like Hollywood at all (thank God! It's not a Hollywood book), but their romance is true, dedicated, and loyal. And for a woman like Jane, who never presumed to have * any * love coming toward her, is a small miracle. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is fantastic, and I love the fact that almost every character in the book is present here. So it is with much of the original rich poetic dialogue. This version is the only one I know of to include the lovely and infamous "gypsy scene" and, in general, features more humor than other versions I've seen. In particular, the mutual teasing between the main characters comes directly from the book and is so delicious! <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre was, in many ways, one of the earliest feminist novelists. She finally accepted love on her own terms and independently, and finally as the true equal of Rochester. Just beautiful!
