Calling this brilliant episode seems like very little. To say this, the excellent work of the season premiere is also reductionist because there has never been an episode of Sopranos far from being great so far. In fact, the title can be a smug invitation for those who are not yet true fans: join the club ... <br /> <br /> I picked up where Junior stopped (putting a bullet in the nephew's stomach after confusing he for a thug he killed in the first season), the story begins with Tony being absolutely fine. Without any recollection of what happened to him, he is participating in some kind of convention. But he's not talking to his normal accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his work: apparently he's not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what a group of people thinks, and until the mess is resolved it Of course, in the pure Sopranos tradition, this ends up being nothing more than a dream: Tony is really in a coma, with doctors uncertain about his fate, his family and friends worried sick and Junior refusing to believe that the whole thing really happened. Unfortunately it happened, and Anthony Jr. seems willing to avenge his father's life attempt. <br /> <br /> Dreams have often appeared in the series, often as a sort of spiritual judgment for the protagonists (most notably in the fifth season show The Test Dream). Joining the club, however, takes the metaphysical qualities of the program, already suggested by using a poem by William S. Burroughs from the previous episode, and pushes the envelope in the most audacious way: Tony hallucinating about his dead friends (the first occurrence of type was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing, it really stand in what appears to be Purgatory is radically different. The "celestial" section of the story is full of allegorical meanings, not least, the name Tony receives (as a character points, spelling in a way it will give him the word "infinite"), and none of that comes out as exaggerated or improbable: David Chase has created a job that is too clever to use strange configurations only on his own; All of this helps the narrative. Talking of "help from above" in Tony Soprano's case may be a bit stretched, though.
