Okay, I did not get the Purgatory thing the first time I watched this episode. It seemed like something significant was happening and I could not identify. This time the fires on the Costa Mesa television really caught my eye - and helped me write an essay on Hell! But let me see what has not yet been discussed ... A review of the TWOP mentioned that Tony had 7 flights of stairs to descend because of the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious, but here's one more for you. On a guess, I consulted the wikipedia and guess what Dante divided into 7 levels? Purgatory. Excluding pre-purgatory and paradise. (The stuff at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can not do.) For the supposed "random" monk-slap scene. As soon as the monks appeared, it fit perfectly with Tony trying to get out of Purgatory. You may say that he became worried when the Christian commercial (death, sickness, and sin) came, and he is getting more and more desperate because the Christian paradise seems half doubtful to him. By the time he meets the monks, he's thinking, "Hey, maybe these guys can help me?" which seems to contemplate other religions (for example, Buddhism) and to imagine if some other way could lead to "salvation". Not that Tony is literally thinking of becoming a Buddhist, but it seems that Finnerty has tried it (and missed). That slap in the face basically tells Tony that there is no quick fix - how, no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> Tony initially was not too worried about getting to heaven. But in the "conference entry" he realizes it will not be that easy for him. At first I saw the name x problem with the driver's license, since Tony had taken a kind of double life, with the killer people and sleeping around, which he kept secret from most people. He feels free to have an almost-Melfi affair because "he's Kevin Finnerty." He finds out that he can fool some people with KF cards such as hotel receptionists, but will not get him out of Purgatory. These helicopters - the helicopters from Heaven? - are accompanying him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", it seems that KF's identity is a reminder of infinity. different paths Tony might have taken in his life. Possibly along with the car joke surrounding Infiniti that made no sense to me otherwise. Aaa and at that moment my brain fails.
