In what looks like an attempt to blend drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this movie, 'Things That Make Life Worth It. "It's not an original breakthrough, because of the many voices you have (quite off the field, by the way), but it's a little bit off the norm in Spanish cinema. The downside is that the elements that make up the film are poorly matched, while some points are not well developed, others are out of place. One day in the lives of two people close to the middle ages. It is basically what the film Gómez Pereira.Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a paradoxical (paradoxical) (Jean-Pierre), a young woman who has been working for a long time, has been in the business for a long time, Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says things like this to himself: "If I find a coin before the song it will now change my luck. "Of course he finds it, he starts to play 'Today could be a great day' (Joana Manuel Serrat and some crosses on the way to Hortensia (Ana Belen). She is another woman of age of entry Get valerian to sleep, organize birthday parties as an exemplary mother, said her belief in God and leads to a speed of homicidal mother. Mussia is a woman of many contradictions in her behavior, life was going in her head driving data such as "70% of people fall in love only once in life "and said that although he is short of Jorge and unemployed and does not exclude the possibility that he is a" sadistic "sleeping on his shoulder at the cinema in the Later came a communion, a dance at the luxurious wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that players seem to live unique experiences like this, but end up doing very heavy for the viewer. 'Things that make life worthwhile' debate between us is the drama of two adults people who do not have another that leads them to see where their relationship is strange and, conversely, make us take the case as a comedy, focusing on things like a Chinese singing in a wedding (which seems to be fun in itself) or the march of a person drunk. The problem is that it does not give us time to connect with the players, so we can not identify with the dramatic, and not give us a solid checkered base as well, leaving everything except pure joke. In the end, everything blended in a way that the viewer no longer knows very well whether to laugh or cry, and ends up not doing either. And it is true that something is not seen a thousand times, it is not the kind of film we find to bend every corner, but it is not sufficiently different or special how we want to do. Ana Belén (who is apparently much smaller than the 53 years she has in this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very nice to see working, but this time seems ready or comfortable enough in scenes that require him to break the calm that prevails in the film, so at times like the "accident" with the children's bar thing seems to be slipping from their hands. Maybe a very dramatic change you have to make, but that's no excuse to lower our guard. In any case, both interpreters are easily erected the highlight of the function. "Things that make life worth living" work only at the modest level of entertainment. Any claim that is beyond that point has not been fulfilled, as a romantic or dramatic comedy like this, we presume, they wanted to do, can not afford to have small moments finished successfully (as well as bad) as one in which one of the characters chat and laugh, lost drunk, compared to a boy who remains in coma partly because of him. Not much for people like Rosario Pardo, making the typical friend pitch whose biggest contribution to the film is the phrase "must be spoiled," and songs from the soundtrack, though significant, not just in shape. It is true that Manuel Gomez Pereira's film has its hits (some of the moments that involve José Sacristão), but the whole is an anodyne story, a movie with good intentions and a good result when better.
