Perhaps in an attempt to find another "Hot Property" for adaptation, the Fleischer Brothers thought of their highly successful foray into the world of the Newspaper Comic Strip with their production of POPEYE THE SAILOR of 1933 (Fleischer Studios / Paramount). Although she was part of the BETTY BOOP series, B. only made a brief appearance in the short; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for the possible emergence of a complete series. As you know, the stiff-eyed, brave-eyed sailor has become perhaps the most successful cartoon series of all time; winning and literally surviving the Fleischers and his Studio, lasting to this day. Returning to King Features for another lucky try was undoubtedly the reason to try out the popular HENRY Comic Strip character in a BETTY. BOOP outing; objective being the search for another series. The reasoning then certainly seemed solid. HENRY was one of the most popular films of the Hearst Papers; appearing as a comic book supplement of daily colors and on Sunday, PUCK, THE COMICS WEEKLY. You know, "What fools these mortals!" Remember that, Schultz? SEEING the small, bald, chubby boy 'Hero' and his antics on screen, both solo and together with Miss Betty; We were pleasantly surprised to see how well the character was treated. The story and director Dave Fleischer provided a myriad of comic-book-like situations and visual jokes that seemed more appropriate for little Henry's character. These vignettes, mostly silent, were very important to the animated film, remaining faithful to the printed page; as the HENRY Feature was made mostly in a kind of 'mime' of 4 colors. In the cartoon, titled BETTY BOOP WITH HENRY: THE FUNNIEST LIVING American (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935), we see what it is; basically being a situational exercise; being punctuated with the usual series of fast fire of Dave Fleischer, gags similar to machine guns. In short, Henry sees a puppy in the window of Betty Boop's Pet Shop. It is a kind of love at first sight when Henry tries to buy the small dog with the only money he had, for coins in his pocket. He is formed by Miss Boop who would be $ 2.00 in cash from the Depression era to make the purchase. Tears appear when the face is discouraged. <br /> <br /> But a relief is soon on the horizon when Betty asks the boy to take care of the store while she leaves on an urgent matter. In exchange for her services, Miss Betty promises the puppy in return. Of course, they have an agreement and Betty is leaving. <br /> <br /> ARRIVING at the job of clearing cages and feeding the cattle, we have the opportunity for the Fleischer crew to launch a new series of gags; This time with bird seed, Henry's bald pate and push brooms. (But not at once, of course, Schultz!) Henry's enthusiasm for mass-feeding the store's aviary population, literally sowing his head, leads to a mass desertion of the birds; off the store to the open street on a mass jail break. <br /> <br /> BETTY returns to this vision and expresses his disappointment and anger with Henry's temporary care of custody. All bets were canceled, no doggie for Henry. He starts to leave; sad; but soon convinces the owner to give her another chance to fix things. With his head covered in birdseed, he manages to corner all little creatures with feathers; return them to your pet store. Fortunately, the little feline leaves; but this time he has his affectionate little puppy with a licking face. <br /> <br /> AWESOME this was a winning combination. We have the unconcerned, energetic, free-wheeling of the boy, Betty's kindness and the emotions of the situation and the dubious outcome of the "boy and his dog" situation. Max and Dave Fleischer had given us a kind of miniseries of a surreal short film. <br /> <br /> We were surprised that no HENRY series was followed. Judging by the fairly faithful treatment of the character, it certainly could have been sustained for some time. Anyway, this team-up was, in many ways, the best of Betty Boop to test the photos. Although the first, POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933), was the most successful (and almost had no Betty Boop except for a special participation as a carnival hula dancer); the HENRY Short was much better than the two following King Features "tryouts", BETTY BOOP AND THE LITTLE KING and BETTY BOOP AND LITTLE JIMMY, both from 1936. <br /> <br /> POODLE SCHNITZ !!
