I read about FLAVIA THE HERETIC many years ago, but I was only able to see it at the beginning of last year, when I went into an insane binge to buy movies, and for some reason this has reminded me lately. I watched. <br /> <br /> It is a remarkable film, set in Italy around the fifteenth century. It was definitely Medieval (though I do not think any specific year is given). This being the time of Christian ancestry, the age is a time of complete madness, and the film captures this very well. <br /> <br /> Flavia, our protagonist, is a young woman who finds a Muslim fallen on a battlefield. . He looks like a warm and intriguing guy, and she is immediately taken with him. His father, a soldier of a family of some sort, appears almost immediately and kills the wounded man before his eyes. But she will continue to see you in your dreams. <br /> <br /> Her father sends her to a convent that looks more like a madhouse in the open air - the residents, so harshly repressed by inflexible mediaeval Christianity. slowly freaks out. Flavia comes under the influence of one of the craziest nuns. But in a crazy world, only the sensible are really crazy, and this sociopath sister clearly recognizes the insanity around her. Their opinion about the times in which they live attracts the attention of Flavia, who, being young and apparently protected, begins to question everything about this world in which she is in prison. <br /> <br /> The film is unshakable. in his picture of this world, showing much displeasure. We see a castrated horse, a lord raped one of the women of his land in a pigsty, the pious torture of a young nun. Through it all, Flavia observes and questions, eventually rejecting the Christian dogma that creates a parade of horrors in terms that would give the film some criticism over the years for looking anachronistic. I do not agree with this review. Flavia's views, although sometimes expressed in vaguely mirrored forms, for example, contemporary feminist commentaries (the film was made in 1974) revolve around issues that are actually quite obvious. It may be difficult to believe that it can be so much a fish out of water in its own time, but this is the kind of minor point that can not be helped. Flavia is written in such a way that it allows those of our era, or from any age, to empathize with her suffering. Being trapped in such a subject would be losing the forest to the trees. Flavia gets excited as the Muslims arrive, invading the camp, and she finds in her leader a new version of the beautiful Islamist who still visits her dreams. Impressed with her almost immediately, he allows her to virtually lead his army, becoming a figure of Joan of Arc in full battle, and directing the invaders to overthrow Christian society, and avenge all those she has seen to commit evil . Is she the herald of a new and better world? She may think so, but the Muslims of that time were not great in feminism either, as she soon learns the hard way. As they say, meet the new boss ... <br /> <br /> This is really just a miniature of some of the things that happen in FLAVIA THE HERETIC. The film is rather bleak and with a very depressing and depressing ending. It's not a mass audience movie, that's for sure. It is very good, however, and does not belong to the pile of "nunsploitation" in which it is often carelessly played. I think there's a lot of value in the final film, and I'm glad I saw it.
