"Flavia, the monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia, the heretic" of 1974 is a truly disturbing and uncompromising work of the Italian cinema of exploitation that, to a certain extent, follows a somewhat feminist premise (although the level of scorn and brutality likely ensnared most feminists). Located mainly in a convent, and with a nun like central protagonist of the same name (great performance of the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" can be called film "Nunsploitation". However, this film differs very drastically from the typical films of Nunsploitation of the time, since it does not focus so much on elements of nunsploitation as lesbianism, sadistic punishments of lesbians, etc. Personally, I've seen more similarities with the film's Hexploitation moves. Mark of The Devil "(although this does not address the theme of the witch-hunt), which focus on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After witnessing her despotic father beheading a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a convent. When her father condemns a nun as a torturous death for a small misdemeanor years later, Falvia's disgust with male violence against women turns into hatred against the despotic church, and she joins a bunch of Arab scavengers ... <br /> <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia the Heretic" is not for the faint of heart, nor is it for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi has obviously tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his unpleasant scenes. The many scenes of torture and execution are extremely disturbing, with skin scenes, carnations and other horrible scenes in explicit detail, the most shocking scene probably being the young nun's torture right at the beginning of the film. Violence here is never superfluous, however. After all, these horrible methods really came true at the time of the film. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic sets, elegant cinematography and a great soundtrack by Nicola Piovani. Beautiful and beautiful Florinda Bolkan has proven her talent in many great Italian cult productions (including the masterpiece of Giallo by Lucio Fulci, "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino", 1972). She offers another great and charismatic performance here, and I could not imagine another actress also fitting into the role as she does. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example, why the rigid church leaves followers of bizarre cults in convents in the first place). However, it is amazing how realistic this film is. "Flavia the Heretic" definitely should not be missed by my fellow fans of the Cinema of Italian Exploration. This is an excellent film in general exploration, although it definitely is a deeply depressing film and therefore must be seen in a good mood. Highly recommended for disruptive exploration movie fans. 7.5 / 10
