Flavia, the Herege, is an undeniable work of art and probably my number one recommendation to assert that the euro-exploitation cinema is severely underestimated and should not be ignored. This is a clever and complex film, wonderfully accomplished and ?? surprise ?? Very damn accurate! This is more than just senseless sleaze or gratuitous violence and it is time for the commons of pudgy movies that categorize Flavia as banned junk to consider it as well. Flavia is a beautiful teenager of the 14th century, forced to live the life of an obedient nun in a strict convent. She refuses to accept that she is inferior just because she is a woman and curses her sister for being so tolerant of it. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, she becomes friends with another rebel nun and even leads a troop of bloodthirsty Muslims to the walls of the convent. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a frankly mesmerizing film! It was almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi was able to make it seem so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to create a title that focuses more on the theme of pioneering feminism than Flavia. Several sequences are quite shocking (actually, in fact, a nightmare), as the camera extends brutal violations, torture and mutilation. However, all this raw material is not only used to satisfy perverted gorehounds, mind you. I am strongly convinced that they are part of the statement 'Flavia' is trying to communicate: Humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) historically proved to be a hypocritical and discriminating race and no use denying anything else. Films like "Flavia the Heretic" have the courage to openly question and condemn our precious ancestors and I truly admire them for it. Flavia is a remarkable and fundamental exploration film because of its substance, but it is taken to a higher level by the wonderful cinematography, the glorious costumes and scenarios and a breathtaking soundtrack of Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as the ambitious and stubborn nun, but it is María Casares who steals the series as Sister Agatha. She is a nun who hates men and talks loudly and loves to pee in the open! Amen, sister!
