I felt that this movie was as much about human sexuality as anything else, intentionally or otherwise. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to be allowed to do such a nationally important event while they forget the pasts of our respective "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women have merely had the right to vote for 60 years, and technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once all men, the business world was totally banned for women in America until very recently, and women in China had their feet tied up so they did not grow strong enough to escape from their husbands. Iran is conveniently going through this stage in our time, and we have a good look at how ridiculous we all look at one time or another. Turning to the question of sexuality, we ask ourselves what can be intrinsically about women that make them unfit for a football game (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially these girls as a boy, a couple to the point that you have the feeling that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones who would try to get in the first place. The opening scenes of the stadium approach make you appreciate the bravery of young people trying to get in - and each one separately - at all. It's a brutal man's world. Any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not one size fits all. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, arrested criminal girls plug themselves into the makeshift pen, waiting for their deportation to who knows where, and in a much more subtle way. , begin to relate to the guards by watching over them. These had definite ideas about women and femininity, which were being challenged head on. The change of attitude is icy, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is pure Iran from the outset, it takes a bit of relief for the foreigner, but the characters have a special way of pleasing themselves. for you, and you end up getting the whole picture, and even understanding the misunderstandings of men and giving them slack. The supposed villain is the invisible patriarchy of the ayatollahs, who remain invisible and unnamed, and probably do not remember. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this movie was filmed during the actual Iran-Bahrain game event gives me a sense of admiration for all involved.
