What do you think the average person would know more about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Curiously, the two come ahead of the controversial film by Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi, entitled 'Offside', a tale that uses football or access to football as the backdrop to a series of scenes revolving around the right to do something or go to some place and right of the individual to extend this courtesy if and when he wishes. The curious thing is that you do not leave Offside having learned about Iranian football or much about Iranian cinema (unless it's an education in the controversial style of Panahi), but you leave feeling enlightened that at least someone from Iran has taken a controversial issue which is clearly still very much in force in a nation like Iran, and is willing to introduce it to an international audience instead of exploiting it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure a lot of people can. It was the summer after my first year at university and after the first year, a Copa football summer acted as a well-timed tonic. Needless to say, I saw virtually all the game teams exhibiting simultaneously with the others at the end of the group stage, so as to avoid incidents such as those seen in Spain in 1982 when it was thought that West Germany and Austria resulted between them who saw them at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Someone in Britain who was watching the broadcast of Iran by the BBC? The Mexican game, the first of the tournament in both countries, may remember that at the top of the show, BBC football anchor Gary Lineker missed a malicious comment to present the game. It was something like: "We've seen giants from Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands play, but now we can see ......... Mexico and Iran battle." The emphasis on the latter two being inferior was clear and that perhaps observing them was an arduous task. It's a shame because there are people and movies like the Offside present them who are really willing to see Iran play to risk their welfare to reach it and it's sad when people in a position of power dispense the that they consider. 'inferior' when there are others who do anything to get a chance to get involved. <br /> <br /> When I immediately think of the words 'Iran', 'football' and 'World Cup', my mind flies back to the 1998 France game between the nation and America. Here is a movie about a type of game involving Iran, but where some or even most of the Iranian filmmakers may have chosen to present a short story about Iran's famous victory over the United States and what that meant for them, the director Panahi has chosen to look at what goes on behind the scenes and presents a history of the bleachers as women are barred from football games and are not allowed to live the ecstasy of winning a game of immense magnitude. You can imagine a heavyweight movie detailing Iran's "victory" as a heavy propaganda film designed to explore how they "defeat" a Western power or an "enemy" in a sport they might not have done. <br /> <p> A couple of movies that come to mind when it comes to hitting the unbeatable in their own game is the 2001 Indian film "Lagaan," in which Indian peasants defeat the British in cricket. Similalry in 2005, The Game of Their Lives, shows that Americans defeat the English in a football match only this time at the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and Offside are immense; The impediment is to look at a situation behind the state mentality and dare to explore an essence of feminism while the girls, trying to see their beloved Iran defeat Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup, are surrounded as animals and kept in a purgatory coarse window of a barred window that would allow them to see the game. The rationale has to do with the foul language that men "can" do not want, but "can" use during the game. The film portrays Iran as so incompetent that it can not take a man's right to curse and ban the wrong language, but should ban a woman's right to see the game all together? No wonder the Panahi movie has been banned in Iran. But Panahi remembers to include what makes the rule so crazy in the first place by allowing his characters to smoke cigarettes and use cell phones , two things doctors and scientists think are far more dangerous to the human body / mind than to hear some dirty language in a football game. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his film 'Offside', which is a decision within football detailing when an 'attacker' is 'caught up' trying to gain an edge on the playing field. The parallels run with the position of the women in the film, as these advancing individuals (supposedly without right) are caught trying to get one on the opposition team; this is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the best movies coming out of the Middle East and Gulf area surroundings that I've seen. It's a tense but humiliating film about people who do not carry any acting history according to IMDb, and so the acting is crude and real, adding that unique aura and neo-realism to it all. The immediate ending is haunting, and the constant verbal battle between male soldiers and sloppy women who dared defy the state is marvelous. I also think anyone who does not really like the film for the reasons I mentioned shows a distinct level of insensitivity, whether that is you or you work in the Iranian government.
