In Iran, women are not allowed to attend men's sporting events, apparently to "protect" them from all the curse and foul language they may hear emanating from male fans (so how can men not contain themselves or "Offside" tells the story of about half a dozen young men dressed as men trying to enter the dispute between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 described Iran as go to the World Cup (the movie was actually filmed largely during the game). "Offside" is a comedy of life that will remind you of all those great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves" of a Blonde, "" Trains Closely Watched "etc. .) flowing from Communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Prague Miracle" in the mid-1960s. As in many of these works, "Offside" is more concerned with observing life than in inventing any elaborately elaborate fictional narrative. In fact, it's the simplicity of the montage and the naturalism of the style that make the movie so effective. Once your trick is discovered, the girls are cornered in a small pen outside the stadium where they can to listen to the noisy applause emanating from the game inside, jammed where they are, all they can do is beg the security guards to let them in, guards who are basically clumsy and well-mannered boys who are compelled to do their duty as a party of your service military compulsory. Even most of the men entering the stadium do not seem particularly disturbed at the thought of these women being allowed. Still, the ban persists. However, how can one not be impressed by the true courage and courage shown by these women as they face a system that continues to impose such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to unite for a cause or to make a "point." They are fans simply obsessed with a burning desire to watch a football game and, like all men in the country, cheer for their team. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say how much dialogue is scripted and how much of it is out of date, but in both cases the actors, with their wonderfully expressive faces, do a magnificent job, making every moment seem totally real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are notable highlights in a uniformly excellent cast. The structure of the film is also very loose and free, as writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-writer Shadmehr Rastin focus for a few brief moments on one or two of the characters, so they move smoothly and effortlessly to others. With this documentary-like approach, we begin to feel as if we are witnessing a real event unfolding in "real time." It is often too easy to forget that we are actually watching a movie. It was a very clever move on the part of filmmakers to include both humorous humor in the film (this is what Czech filmmakers have also done, to better point out the total absurdity of the situation and broaden the appeal of the film to the national and foreign public. "Impediment" is obviously a plea for justice, but it is a measure that is made all the more effective by your refusal to make your story a major impact. social barriers as efficiently as humor and an appeal to the common humanity of the public.And this is not what true art should be? In its own quiet and discreet mode, "Offside" is one of the great and less appreciated gems of 2007 .
