Different filmmakers from different countries contributed a lot to the cinematographic medium with their thoughts. As a result, we have tried different genres when the medium is concerned. Jafar Panahi, unlike J. L. Godard or F. Truffault, believes in simple narratives; Schematic narratives are one of the main traits of his work as a director. He relies on the automatic and critical intelligence of the viewer; he does not feel any need to go into alienation or such things to reach the viewers. It is equally effective despite being conventional. Offside (2006), is another schematic creation of it, where the Gender Subordination of the Middle East gradually becomes clear to all as the simple but captivating tale of the film advances. Nowadays, when we are all screaming about the issue of women's rights, this film very quietly creeps into our minds and finally becomes a hump to our critical intelligence, conveying the message that Equality of Rights Humans is nothing more than an illusory good, a utopia. Paternity will never allow women to be empowered. An important soccer game where the nation participates, a teenager who understands the game well, loves that her nation does not have the right to enter the stadium to cheer for her country. She is merely allowed to listen to the live commentary. His pseudonym could not work for her. As a result, she had to go through many humiliating situations. From the beginning, his worried father ran here and there for his daughter. At the end of the day, the celebration took place when the nation won the match that the girl could not see when she was arrested outside the stadium during the match. But the celebration can not suppress the issue of Women's Rights, which remain in all corners of the world in a different format. Jafar Panahi pointed more successfully to this issue of Gender Abuse from the framework of conventional film production and patriarchy. A Global Tragedy has been treated with ease and sometimes with humor which, in turn, provokes our being constantly.
