On the face of it, a film about women who want to see a football game would not attract much to someone with little interest in football like me, but this is not about football, it's about discrimination and female enthusiasm for the sport they love. /> <br /> The film begins on the day of a crucial qualifying match for the World Cup between Iran and Bahrain, a girl tries to get into Azadi Stadium in Tehran dressing up as a guy, it looks like she'll have until one try to find it. Once caught, she is taken to a small enclosure outside the stadium where there are a handful of women who have already been caught, here they are guarded by a small group of conscripted soldiers who the leader prefers to be at home taking care of your life. cattle. We never learned the names of the character but we can meet them as people like the girls plead with the guards to let them watch, although a gap nearby on the wall and when refused to try to get them to at least provide a comment. <br /> <br /> In addition to showing an important point about rigid segregation in much of Iran, the film contains many hilarious moments, such as the "disguise" that one of the girls uses to go to the bathroom and the girl. who disguised himself as a soldier and was caught only because he chose to watch the departure from a place reserved for a senior officer. The girls' enthusiasm for the game is such that, in the end, the viewer is likely to be on the edge of their seat, waiting for Iran to win and thus reach the German finals. Soldiers are not shown as fundamentalists; they are only recruits who are there because they have to be and when to explain to girls why women can not watch men's sports do not seem convinced by their own arguments. <br /> <br /> It's a pity that this film can not be seen in Iran itself, but it's good that the world can see it and thus see that ordinary Iranians are not a bunch of desperate fanatics to stall a war in the west. but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere. The cast did a great job of making their characters look like real people rather than mere caricatures.
