Panahi, whose previous films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold seemed to range from dark to dark, produced in his new Offside a fun, noisy, and playfully chaotic piece that ends with a note of liberation and heartfelt amusement? However, the film deals with material as challenging and relevant as anything else it has done. By focusing on a group of fans passionate about women's football who were caught up in the pre-World Cup game between Bahrain and Iran in Tehran's stadium, Panahi brings national-minded issues and independent mentality, and the contradictions ?? and sheer absurd ?? of the regime's religious apartheid in a world of modern competition with the majority of the young population and urban girls who think more and more for themselves. <br /> <br /> As the movie opens, we join one of the girls on a bus. a father chasing a lost daughter. This one has a disguise and has national colors like war paint, but we are frightened with it in the knowledge of what will happen: it is still easily identified. The thing is, most men around do not care. Still, rules are rules, and once they try to cross the various checkpoints on the way to the big stadium, future football girls, or some of them, get stuck in a small upstairs stadium complex. by some mostly young, green and rustic soldiers who have no idea how to deal with the independent ideas of these big city girls and prefer to be watching the game? whose roar we hear constantly in the background? themselves. Is every girl different? represents a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing so. One wore a soldier's uniform and entered the officers section. One is tough and masculine and mocking and provocative (she could pass for a handsome boy, and provocatively implies this: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would you like me to be?"). He does not care much about soccer, but he went to pay homage to a dead companion. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a fiery footballer herself ?? and so on. These Tehran girls are stubborn and clever and walk all over the rural lieutenant in charge of them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the female football player to the men's bathroom (of course there are no women), forcing her to wear a poster of an Italian soccer star as a mask. A comedy of mistakes and chaos follows in which the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Later on, an elegant-looking van comes with an officer who directs the cops to take the girls to the Deputy Department? violating the rules of sexual segregation qualifies as addiction. Does a male mix with them ?? a boy who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into the games. The van is not so elegant: the radio antenna is broken. But a police officer keeps him in place so they can hear the increasingly grueling story. Cops and prisoners are all together in a common excitement now. There is no score, the game goes to the penalties, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, all this is a real game, a real stadium and masses of crazy young people the outcome of this event. The turmoil is huge, and the streets are full of cars and flags and a crowd of fans praying for an Iranian victory and united in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so good, how can it be clear? for now, is that it is filmed during the night of a real game with a real ending that turns everything around. This, in contrast to Panahi's highly calculated narrative trajectories, is the spontaneous production of films that improvise in rhythm with a captured background of real events and take them to the excitement in quite exciting ways. The essence of hindrance is the disconnect between the madness of modern world football and the retro-Islamic social bans that repress women? the latter exists at a time when young Iranians are becoming part of a global world in which women participate in the sport and share the ardor of the national team spirit. How exactly do you reconcile the country's ambition to become a modern global power with social attitudes that are medieval? A lot of Offisde is incredibly real, including how everyone tries to convince them of everything. The director's decision to inject young actors into a real mega-sport event leads to an incredibly effective mix of documentary, polemics and fiction that is too energetic to seem like a bone to choose, and that ends in a brilliant and moving way I already had reservations about the Panahi movies before, but this one is awesome. Panahi does something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with a sense of the aspirations of a nation.
