In Iran, women are prohibited from attending live sporting events because of fear of being "corrupted" by improper language, the proximity of thousands of men, and the fact that there are no health facilities for women in the old-fashioned stadiums. Based on a real incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's Offside follows six girls, disguised as men, who are barred from entering the 2005 soccer game between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether or not Iran will Iran. World Cup. In a move away from the dark and minimalist films we have been accustomed to in Iran over the last ten years, Offside is a lush comedy that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal but contains enough subversive social commentary to ensure its ban on Iranian exhibitions. with a digital camera using non-professional actors who are more than up to the task, the girls try to infiltrate the Azadi stadium in Tehran but are trapped and placed in an off-site waiting area. Stadium. They are protected by three young army recruits (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express ambivalence about their task, but are committed to following the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists, and she hoped for Iran's victory, but that does not stop soldiers from detaining them while they wait for the girls to be transported to the Neighbors Squadron and an uncertain future. More frankly than acting like victims, they continually question soldiers about the logic behind the restrictions, making their absurdity quite obvious. Although they may hear the noise of the crowd, women can not see the action, but they achieve a small victory when they convince one of the soldiers to provide a commentary on the game. One of the funniest sequences occurs when a female "prisoner" is taken to the men's room by a soldier. The young recruiter must then deal with a commotion when he needs to prevent someone from using the premises while the girl is still inside. Little by little, paraphrasing Adlai Stevenson, what unites them becomes greater than what divides them and improbable antagonists gather behind their country and cheer for the victory that will send the Iran for the World Cup. Although the issue is made early and often and the film falls a little in the middle, Offside comments on a society in which a political elite with a medieval social mindset has to deal with a growing group of educated and politically astute citizens. We can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of its own people force Ayatollahs to accept the twenty-first century.
