I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during a qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup, Offside works brilliantly as a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows the fate of a group of young women caught trying to get into a soccer game at the Azadi stadium in Tehran. Islamic religious leaders in the country have decreed that women can not sit with men at sporting events so they will not be exposed to curses and other morally questionable behaviors. That did not stop the young fans of the country, who continue to use various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been captured and is being detained in an agonizing fashion near the action. They beg the bored soldiers to keep them to let them go or at least to let them watch the game. The soldiers say they should not have tried to come in, that they could have watched the home game on TV. They play around in real time while the game continues, off the camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the bathroom. As there are no women's toilets in the stadiums, he has to clean any man's room before he can let her in. Besides, he makes her cover her face so no one can see that she's a woman. This is achieved using a poster of the Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask, with stamped eye holes. <br /> <br /> You have a real sense that even the soldiers are perplexed by the ban, and they are just carrying out their orders in order to speed up the end of their mandatory military service. A soldier complains that he should be on leave to take care of his family's cattle in the field. Little by little the girls and the soldiers talk, and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides to show that they are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the soldiers' constant reminder that "the boss" is on the way gives a sense of threat, since we do not know what kind of punishment women will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, which are known for their strong visuals, Offside is filmed in a realistic, unobtrusive style. In fact, the film was made during the qualifying match against Bahrain, which took place on June 5, 2005. The "plot" in many ways was determined by the result in the field. If Iran won the match, they would qualify. If they lost, they would not. Since the World Cup came and gone, I do not think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the match. The celebration scenes at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. Seeing how much this meant to the people of Iran was deeply moving. <br /> <br /> So one of the young women makes reference at the end of the film to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were trampled to death after police began sprinkling the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a real-life tragedy, he added another level of poignancy to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to continue with a long tangent policy, but this film gave me a real hope that those in Iran who are waiting for change and working for it. Iran is a nation of young people, and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of the elders in the political sphere. Movies like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people, despite their present difficulties, and it is my sincere hope that there is a better future for them.
