This is not the kind of movie John Wayne is known for. He plays a diplomat, a man who does things through words and persuasion rather than physical action. The film moves with a silent realism through its superficially uninteresting story. For the open mind, the patient and the pensive, this film is a rich representation of an intriguing part of history. <br /> <br /> There are two intertwined stories. The great story is of internationalized isolationist Japan and of expansionist America outsourced when its interests conflict. The little human story is of an outsider barbarian (Wayne) and the initial hostility and dislike of a civilized geisha turning to mutual respect and love. Human history is a reflection of the greater history of the two nations. <br /> <br /> The film is very well done and all the actors play their roles well. The two main roles are accomplished to perfection. John Wayne is excellent as Townsend Harris, achieving exactly the right mix of strength and negotiation in his dealings with the Japanese. Eiko Ando is equally excellent as the title Geisha, charming and charming. The interaction between his character and John Wayne is particularly well portrayed. This is exactly how these two individuals (as portrayed in the film) would have behaved. <br /> <br /> The script is very well written. All the pomp is missing. and is a realistic representation of how the events represented may have occurred. The characters are real people, not self-consciously "big" figures in history. In addition, the clash of cultures and interests is portrayed with great skill and subtlety. In fact, the shock of a traditionalist, traditionally powerful, isolationist Japan and an emerging, newly formed nation across the ocean is very well summed up in an exchange between John Wayne and the local Japanese baron. Wayne complains that shipwrecked sailors are beheaded if they land in Japan and that passing ships can not even enter the port to fetch water. The Baron replies that Japan only wants to be alone. Wayne's character replies that Japan is at an increasingly important crossroads of international shipping and that if things go on as before, the nation will be seen as nothing more than a band of thugs who infest an important road. A very real summary of the way the two countries saw themselves as right and saw the other as wrong. The resulting confrontation between two self-righteous peoples with conflicting interests has its reflections throughout history, a continuous theme that echoes into the present and into the future. The cinematography and representation of the mid-nineteenth century in Japan, before the accelerated growth toward industrialization that would follow at the end of the century, is excellent. A visual delight and enlightening insight into the ancient civilization of Japan. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend anyone, whether a fan of John Wayne or not, to watch this movie if you get the chance. Just be aware that it is not an action movie. It is a representation of an interesting place and time in history, and a love story that boils slowly and that (to his surprise) comes to dominate the personal lives of the two main characters. Watch this movie on its merits without bias, allow yourself to immerse yourself in your story and you will thoroughly enjoy it. <br /> <br /> All in all, a great movie.
