Anna (Ursula Andress) is brought in as a R.N. official by former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), ostensibly to care for an aged widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito is actually leading a group of heirs and entrepreneurs, including American businessman Kitch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives, reflected by what Anna hopefully will actually achieve with the earl. He has a history of, well, liking women, and would actually be a little more "vulnerable" as he is cured. The thugs are derailed when Anna does not approach and approaches the earl. It can be said that the ending is ironic, but probably best described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much to plot - this movie is totally an erotic comedy, from start to finish, and oh how good. There are many scenes of nudity, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the malicious heiresses, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are notable former Continental Bonds and thus perform the fantasies of male viewers. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a femme fatale, more or less elegantly. <br /> <br /> Maybe the best scene is Anna's complete (slow) strip and jump in bed with the young. Adone, the "other patient" (who is incredibly resisting) in an attempt to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this point she already has two faces (for the better), because she decided not to go forward. However, Benito is more than a timer with women, having had long adventures in the past with Anna and Jole, and the best rival erotic scene follows an argument full of invectives (to say the least) between him and Jole. This is a standing encounter where Luciana is wearing only black panties. Another good thing is the pool of Ursula totally naked in the pool of the property. The count is free, as a client, to get his hands wherever he wants in Ursula, and he enjoys it. Hey, somehow I went back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include a fun search for a bare cellar. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it's enjoyable without interruption, from beginning to end. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
