I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I ever liked him in anything I saw him. The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, playing a seemingly ridiculous character walking through New York City on a motor scooter, looking pitiful and lost. Typical Sandler-type losing character again, I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But then, when I got it, I discovered something I never knew before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly remarkable in this film as Charlie, a lost and lonely figure whose whole family (including the dog) was killed in one of the planes hijacked on September 11 and apparently has lost all contact with reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and takes him on as his mission to help him improve. Of course Cheadle's Alan Johnson has his own problems and sources of unhappiness, and somehow these two men are able to help each other through their difficulties. The two made a completely convincing team, and Sandler in particular made Charlie real, working through his emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you're looking for this, go for some of your other, dumber things. This is a very heavy film - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always captivating. There are some funny parts. I loved the scene in which Charlie persuades Alan to confront his partners, reminding him of how tough he was in college, and then the conversation they had afterwards. <br /> <br /> I personally did not think Saffron Burrows added much to the film as Donna, a patient obviously lacking Johnson. The only reason the character seemed (based on a flashback) was that she seemed mysteriously like Charlie's late wife, but this was never really developed, and I just did not care much about the character. Look for the part of the judge, however, played by Donald Sutherland, which I thought was the most important part. As far as I'm concerned though, this is Sandler's movie, and raves to him for great performance. Definitely its best in my opinion. 8/10
