Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and he has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). He also let his parents stay in his sprawling apartment in New York. But somehow, he feels that his life is a little empty. A common day in the city, he sees his former college classmate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). That Alan has not seen Charlie for years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely and depressed man who hides his true feelings from people who care about him. As Charlie unexpectedly loses his family in a plane crash, they were on one of the September 11, 2001 airplanes. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie becomes violent toward Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little easier for himself. But Alan discovers that making Charlie talk about his true feelings is harder than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, The Indian Summer, The Positive Side of Anger) has made a wonderfully moving human drama that moments of sadness, truth and comedy as well. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance, which Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as always. Liv Tyler is also good as the young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is very good as the beautiful lonely strange woman who has a wild passion for Alan. This movie was, unfortunately, a box office disappointment, despite having some great reviews. The cast is top notch here, the writing and direction is wonderful and the fantastic Widescreen Cinematography by Russ T. Alsobrook. The movie has great locations in New York, the movie makes New York a beautiful city to see in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a clear anamorphic (2.35: 1) widescreen transfer and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 sound around. DVD also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, photo montage and previews. I was expecting more from the features of the DVD, such as a track of audio commentary from the director and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best movies that came out this year. I'm sure this movie was great on the big screen. Which, unfortunately, I did not get a chance to see this in a theater. But it's also the kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces in supporting roles and small parts. Even the director is part of Byran Sugarman, who is also an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underrated images this year. It's also Sandler's best film in my taste since "The Wedding Singer." Do not miss it. High definition widescreen display. (**** 1/2 of *****).
