Most who go to this movie will have an idea of ​​what it is; A man loses all of his family and even his dog on a Boston getaway that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before watching this movie is: how would that be; What do you do with it? and how would that affect you and the way you relate to each agreed day? The story unfolds painfully slowly and then warms up, gaining a bit of speed, while the recently renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former college classmate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to take form. Characters appear in this film whose presence initially seems obligatory and not well developed, but in fact, stay with that story, and you discover that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story believable - and accurate. Real people inhabit a real situation in which they can do little, but stand aside while one of them disintegrates. The pain inside Charlie's soul has been subtly evident since the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character - brilliantly revealed by Sandler, as layers of an onion? one layer at a time with lightness and weight combined. It's such a subtle performance that it infiltrates you and enters your head as you watch it on the screen. Alan Johnson of Cheadle is equally subtle and very Don Cheadle. Always watchable, the ease that is apparent when Cheadle on the screen speaks of his consummate acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture, just as the situation would require. Fineman does not want friendship, nor does anyone intrude on his cloistered life, and yet Alan's nice quality is simple and honest enough to intrigue even an inmate like Charlie. It is Alan who has the task of carefully opening up Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is an inherent danger in the process. The more Alan poked Charlie open, going as far as engaging the services of friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst, (Liv Tyler), the nearer the danger of pushing Charlie to the limit. It is an abyss that Charlie sways every moment and every one he has learned to navigate through denial. He denied everything that had previously existed for him in order to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his pain is something he can not deny. Sandler retracts so deeply in the pain of his character during the unfolding of the story that, the moment he meets his demons head on, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan is with Charlie throughout this process, running the risk of creating his own perfect family life - conducted with admirable grace and efficiency by his wife Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While looking after Charlie's recovery, Alan looks in and recognizes his own silent screams with the death of the independence he possessed and the boy he lost by becoming a man. His reward for helping Charlie is helping himself reconnect with what he lost. The theme is very similar to The Fisher King; another story of a man who isolates himself to the point of madness of sadness and loss. As The Fisher King, the story concludes with the traditional, there is someone for every subject. Reid Over Me's Lidia Sinclair (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar, (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the verge of Johnson's nervous breakdown and patient, who turns out to be unstable enough to complement Borderline Insanity of Charlie. It's a good end to the story, but the element is probably less likely to be true. Then again, there may be someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
