I did not really get into "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from the director or the story. The plot was pretty easy to understand, I suppose. The whole family of this guy died on 9/11 and he excludes the world from his life. It's all right. I did not know if I would use terrorism addiction as a platform to talk about it or other issues related to it, and this really does not happen on a very obvious level, so if you are afraid of being surrounded by political opinions that can be different from yours, I would not worry about it. I think the newsroom even insisted on never explicitly mentioning "September 11". Overall, I was impressed. It was a very touching image. The film has a sense of humor, and it's very strong, but it's definitely a drama where that counts. I usually do not like to think that comic actors are incapable of actually acting, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of this (and although I think so, you may disagree, Jim Carrey is also very balanced ... sometimes). Sandler's portrait of Charlie Fineman led a character that on the surface looks completely unreal and becomes absolutely believable. I read many critics who criticized the writing of Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle in another excellent paper, if not one that looks similar to some of his more recent pictures) wife, who is well interpreted by Jada Pinkett Smith, calling it static and without grace. <br /> <br /> She has depth, but some are hidden behind the main story, which comes in and out of focus occasionally. (Which also brings to mind some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the movie, with a weird fadeout "Do everything out of focus." After the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used. characters, artistically, or perhaps they realized how annoying it was.) The film gradually begins to reveal the point (one of several but definitely the most explicit) of the story that sometimes people have to deal with the sadness in Your lives. own way. It may seem unorthodox to us, it may seem downright unhealthy, but perhaps what some people want more than anything is simply to forget. It just exists. The film soundtrack was excellent, and used the music to chase and amplify the moods, rather than establishing them, which lends credence to the actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The film bears the name of the song "Love, Reign O'er Me," outside the rock opera of The Who, Quadrophenia. The song itself is rather insignificant for the real story, but it is used powerfully in the movie throughout the climax and at the end. The movie is well paced, and does not look like it's dragging anywhere, which is a little over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's portrait of this deeply desolate and divided man, you will enjoy the movie. You will be entangled in the story and will genuinely feel the characters in every minute. It's not the best movie of the year, and there's nothing innovative or positively amazing about it, but it's a very nice, watchable film, though.
