In our house, we are huge fans of A Christmas Carol and we watch almost every Christmas version, including the old Reginald Owen of 1938 and the modern Patrick Stewart of 1999. Our favorite in general is the classic 1951 black and white, because Alastair Sim is Ebeneezer Scrooge and his conversion is the truest one. However, this 1984 version has its own merits and makes a lovely and entertaining story, quite loyal to Dickens' novel in general. (See my comments on the other film adaptations, if you are interested.) First, George C. Scott can certainly look pretty eccentric and not do a bad Scrooge. I love your chops, your long coat and hat. He cuts the best fashion figure out of the lot and a pretty handsome gentleman. However, it sometimes seems that Scott is enjoying his role as Scrooge just a little too much and not taking it as seriously as he should! <br /> <br /> This interpretation has the best Christmas atmosphere, hopeful and optimistic. Somehow you know this story will have a happy ending. Filmed in the city of Shrewsbury, England, it seems somehow very British. The film has a beautiful soundtrack, with wonderful and lively songs in every appropriate portion of the tale. Sometimes I could almost smell the nuts roasting and the pudding singing on the copper! <br /> <br /> Marley's distressed ghost (with his wonderful jaw-dropping scene) and the three Spirits are all pretty convincing. Christmas Past is a beautiful ethereal lady, the wonderfully gigantic and jovial Christmas Present, Christmas Still to Come, overshadowed and ominous as ever. However, I met Scrooge's nephew, Fred, a little quiet and somber, not as cheerful and healthy as he should be. I like the wife of her nephew, whom she named Janet, with her lovely, vigorous hairstyle of the time. Instead of the bluff of the blind, they invented a game called Similes for their nephew's Christmas dinner, which is a cute little touch, Scrooge going straight to the spirit of the thing. <br /> <br /> The Cratchits and Their A little skinny (albeit much appreciated) Christmas dinner is well represented, with Bob (David Warner) appropriately sympathetic and suffering in his miles of handkerchief. Mrs. Cratchit is charmingly portrayed by Susannah York, who also starred with George C. Scott in the wonderful adaptation of Jane Eyre in 1970. Above all, this version has unquestionably the best Little Tim, not just a lovely and lovable little despicable , but unhealthy. With those dark circles under your eyes, the tiny fragile thing seems unlikely to survive the hour! <br /> <br /> This is a delightful and poignant version of the holiday classic. With its festive atmosphere, it is sure to put you in the spirit of the season.
