On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2,819 lives ended in a particularly horrible way. They were victims of a plane hijacking by extremists whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, people. This film looks in depth at four people whose lives were interrupted by this disastrous event and a man whose life was destroyed by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler) A former dentist living in New York loses his wife and three children on September 11, when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally annihilated by events, he loses contact with everyone who remembers him from his previous life; including her in-laws and best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender, respectively). He goes into total denial and does what he can to forget his previous life. This continues until he meets his old college classmate Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) that Fineman does not seem to remember. The two begin to catch up, but Fineman believes that Johnson was sent by people from his old life to persuade him to find help. Slowly but surely, Fineman regains his confidence for Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is going the wrong way. He is a self-man (dentist) who helps start a dental practice. One day, a patient named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to make a move about him, telling her that she would like to have oral sex for him. This is an undesirable surprise for Dr. Johnson, since he is a married man and has two children. As he is coming home from work on a particular day at work, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to signal him down. He has no success, but he has another chance and convinces Fineman to get coffee with him to keep up, despite the fact that Fineman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is the use of music as a reason. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, particularly Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Fineman is invited to open up about his past or talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts on his headphones and stifles the world with his songs. <br /> <br /> When the movie ended, I had myself thinking: how would I deal with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such tragic events? It's something we do not really think about very often. We always think they will be there and we often take them for granted, whether we want it or not. We usually realize how important they are when it's too late; and a stroke like this can destroy someone physically, emotionally, and physiologically. I really do not know how I would be able to handle something like that. Would I face the problem head-on, handle and move on with my life, or would I just put my headphones on and block the world?
