Over and over again, it seems that Hollywood comic actors are surprising me with their talents as dramatic artists: first was Robin Williams ('One Hour Photo (2002)'), so it was Jim Carrey ('Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) "being an example," then Will Ferrell ("Stranger Than Fiction") and now Adam Sandler. Yeah, he's absolutely right: the guy who based a whole career on making brainless comedies and nonsense {I'm not complaining; I've always been a fan} finally gave me a performance that he can be proud of. Of course, some readers may be wondering what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)', but I can only assure you that it's a film that I'm taking steps to see as soon as possible, since I've heard is formidable. My first movie by director Mike Binder, 'Reign Over Me', is a clever and respectful exploration of sadness and friendship. Though occasionally belonging to a very familiar territory, the somewhat predictable storyline is surprisingly profound and moving, with Sandler and Don Cheadle performing memorable performances. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he is unable to communicate properly with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and so his marriage is somewhat unstable. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is a former roommate of Alan, a man who lost his entire family in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and who is still facing his overwhelming feelings of regret. A disheveled figure with messy hair and downcast eyes (often compared to Bob Dylan in appearance), Charlie has abandoned his career in dentistry and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that cut across the sound of the outside world, driving around Manhattan on his motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games and repeatedly redecorating the kitchen of his apartment according to the final wishes of his late wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, having completely abandoned any memories before his disabling experience. In fact, at first he does not even acknowledge the existence of his family, and abruptly loses his temper whenever someone suggests that he seek counseling. <br /> <br /> Initially, it may seem somewhat exploitative to filmmakers using the September 11 attacks as a storytelling device. After all, would not it be so devastating if Charlie's family had died in an ordinary car accident? However, if you consider that the director's intention was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused ordinary citizens by the tragedy, then "Reign Over Me" does a great job. It's easy to get so caught up in meaningless statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; This is the first 9/11 film I saw that actually dealt with the suffering of those who were not involved, whose only anguish was caused by the loss of those whom they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising scope in a difficult role that would have disintegrated if he was not up to the task. Clutching instantly between joy, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can feel deeply sympathetic, a hollow soul that, thanks to the company of an old friend, can at last glimpse the light at the end of a dark and sombre tunnel.
