There may be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (the September 11 terrorist attacks), still suffers death. He meets his former college classmate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and they both rekindle their friendship. Alan promises to help his old friend accept the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> This film is, however, a story of how fate intercedes in our lives, when we ourselves can be impotent, do anything about our own states of being. Alan is trapped in a life he knows he is no longer fulfilling. He feels unfriended and out of touch with his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and associates at work. He can not express his feelings and, as a result, feels lost and distant from his own world. He catches Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Eventually he finds and discovers that Charlie, (who originally does not remember Alan), is living in a false reality of his own. Charlie came back to a time in his life when he had no family. He lives as if he were still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from the 60s and 70s, and playing video games. He has escaped to a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad guys and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is affected in some way by the tragedy that affected Charlie and his remission to a place before different and better (?). His lordship is his protector and great facilitator. His in-laws are subtracted from his life because they would take him back to the reality that his family is now gone from his life. And Alan is most affected by it because Alan wants (primarily a selfish desire to escape his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means of subtracting his own stifled reality and then he wants to find a way to help Charlie to recover from self-induced guilt and the denial of loss. It is through this relationship that Charlie not only manages to start healing himself, but that Alan, in fact, learns to communicate and satiate his true desires with his associates at work, and eventually is able to admit to his wife that he does not was able to communicate his real feelings to her, but that he wants strongly, because he loves her. It's actually a moving moment in the movie when the thing hit the fan and Charlie is being faced with the reality of being turned away that he and Alan are talking about the situation together about "Chinese" that Charlie states that he is in fact worried about Alan and not about himself. <br /> <br /> This movie will, if you let it, take you through a river of emotions and leave you thinking. It will make you laugh at how Charlie uses his words, as people actually do in everyday life, to make a de facto comic statement about a real situation. This will leave you on the verge of tears, (in my case, real tears) when Charlie faces his pain and begins to deal with his tremendous loss. And that, in fact, the tragic reality is that his guilt and loss never left him and he dealt with it in the only way he knew: denial. This will make you curse the cool, unthinking actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I actually did in Charlie's audience!) And that will make you smile at the common sense of a stern, old judge. (Donald Sutherland, who excels in his brief distinguished role and gives the best performance of a wise and severe person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley served as an Assistant Attorney General in the Absence of Malice. > movie was also amazing to me for some other reasons: (1) I never looked at my watch once during the movie show. Which means I had it from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the cast was interracial, this fact was not important for the roles of the characters in the film. Racing was a non-performance factor for the roles in this movie. Incredible people can really interact with this fact being brought out! and (3) the only real reference to September 11 is when Charlie's financial lawyer refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what Charlie had become on Sept. 12." Time will be the true test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of a movie is not just to entertain, but to make someone think and have that movie with you long after you leave the movies, Reign Over You got me phenomenally, as far as I'm concerned. I still have not forgotten this wonderful thought-provoking movie and will wait impatiently for the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
