Reign Over Me is a success due to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedic actors performing dramatically have been seen as a distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he portrays have an unstable temperament and vulnerability that can explode at any time. It may even be typecast for characters with such hidden anger problems. However, this performance has a considerable dramatic weight, unlike his roles in less comic films like Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the movie, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) bumps into his former college classmate, Charlie. Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for several years. Five years earlier, Charlie suffered the overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Cheadle's character due to the repression of his memories and consequent childish lifestyle reclusive since the accident. It is not until Alan persists in wrapping him in a conversation that Charlie remembers who he is. The renewed relationship that follows will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not speak about his loss, eventually allowing him to confront the thoughts and feelings he has repressed on his own terms. <br /> <br /> Although writer-director Mike Binder does not show much sense of individual style and some of his shots and transitions are a bit awkward, he has a decent way to be great performances for his actors, being a writer talented and funny. He filmed this film with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers are doing today, allowing the crew to film night scenes with limited lighting. This kept the colorful settings of New York City in focus, but resulted in the creation of frequent digital grains, which resemble scattered blue particles and moving on the screen. <br /> <br /> Nearly all the main characters in Reign Over Me give a great idea. performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their respective roles of frustrated wife to the character of Cheadle and a psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who give some of their best work to this day. They completely owned this movie. Sandler plays a character who does not look or act like himself, partially credited to his Bob Dylan-esquire wig. Although the character of Cheadle has more screen time than Sandler, the two should be considered protagonists, as they also support and help each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a big part in this film, especially the title song "Reign Over Me", or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who, and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler using music to silence his feelings and memories, but this particular song provokes emotions so intense that, instead of diminishing his anger, incites his emotions. Reign Over Me is a fun, sad and often funny movie, boosted by its incredible performances.
