Love Hurts. That, I think, is the main message that Mike Binder's new film, Reign Over Me, brings. If this love caused your relationship to become stagnant, or to anger the one you love deceiving for years, or broke your heart to the point of being unable to open to the world, love hurts. The great thing about this movie, however, is not in its picture of these lost souls trying to let their hearts go, but in the eventual resumption of new bonds for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; they are all, to some degree, emotionally trapped in relationships that can not break free on their own. There is some heavy subject material here and I credit Binder for never making the story turn into a political diatribe but instead infuse the serious moments with some really nice comedy pieces allowing the tale to remain character-based and small in scale compared to the epic event that appears overwhelmed. What could have become a banal vehicle for opinions about how September 11 has affected us all, ends up being a story about two men and a connection they share that is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and repentance. This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see childish and repressed anger in his stupid comedies as something to be used dramatically. The youthfulness of a character like Billy Madison allows laughter and potty humor, but can also be used to show a repressed, shy, shutout man to the world around him ?? a man without trust who needs a compassionate event to break him out of his shell. Anderson let Sandler do just that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder took a step forward. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that toppled the World Trade Center at 9-11. That moment crushed whatever life he had and as a result, he became reclusive and began to believe that he could not remember anything that happened before that day. He actually shows a moving picture of a man trying to keep the riddle in his head, while those around him, those who love him, try to open him to the reality of what happened and what the future holds. Always on the edge and ready to grab at any moment, when something is mentioned to awaken the memory of his perished family, he spends his life with his iPod and headphones, shutting everything down so as not to be tempted to remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, it's about dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who got stuck in a marriage and dental practice that both stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs as much help in his life as his college buddy Charlie does. Played perfectly by the ever-brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson has lost his backbone to try to change his life. He has no friends and when he sees Charlie, by chance one day his life evolves into something he has not felt for 15 years. He revels in the chance to date an old friend, no matter how much he has changed from the death of his family. The character of Cheadle wants to go back to college days to leave and Sandler does not care, because all this was before meeting his wife. The two men get what they want and allow themselves to grow, despite the years of solitude that used to rule their lives. Once they begin to open up, it is inevitable that the subject of tragedy will increase and test the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The support cast does an incredible job helping to keep up appearances for the public. two tracks. Jada Pinkett Smith was never an actress who impressed me and throughout the movie played the hard as nails wife well, but it's her final scene on the phone with Cheadle who really showed me something different and true. Liv Tyler is a little out of her element as a psychiatrist, but the film calls her about that fact and makes the cast perfect. The small appearances are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's best friend and accountant, (my only complaint is why he feels the need to put his name on the opening credits as an actor when he's in everywhere, considering that it is your movie). Last but not least is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays the impassioned divorcee trying to find her life beautifully. A role that seems like a comic relief at first, but ends up being an integral aspect to what is to come. <br /> <br /> Binder has created one of the best studies on dramatic characters I have seen in a long time. The direction is almost flawless, (the haze between cuts and characters on the front / bottom really bothered me at first), superb acting and the story true to itself, never taking the easy way out or getting involved with bow tied at the conclusion . Even the song was fantastic and used to improve, not to take us emotionally (why after two major uses of the main song of The Who Binder felt the need to use Eddie Veddar's remake for the end, I do not know, but unfortunately it stayed for me). Reign Over Me is a film about love and how, while it may cause the worst pain imaginable, it can also save us from repentance and allow us once again to see the world as a place of beauty and hope.
