This film was shown last night at the Paramount Theater in Austin as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were graced with the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who asked the public's questions after the film. It's a remarkable and powerful movie about how you get lost and start finding your way back. The performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be tragic and entertaining in a way that is very rare. (The movie trailer tries a bit too much to emphasize the comic aspects.) <br /> <br /> This is a prominent role for Adam Sandler. While he began the transition to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination while continuing the transition to more dramatic roles as Tom Hanks did and Jim Carrey is also doing. In this role, he seemed to be trying to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although playing an autistic man is certainly very different from the traumatized character of Sandler, both characters, for different reasons, are trapped in their own worlds of childish isolation and confusion. <br /> <br /> Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as good. After the Hotel Rwanda and the Crash, we expect notable and distinguished performances from the Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that appear in this role. But he's also broken and struggling, if not as profoundly, as Sandler's character. Cheadle is struggling with difficulties in her marriage and in her professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler fight to heal each other in the way that real friends usually do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They both look for the part of themselves that they have lost and try to meet again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best studio movies to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. Filming in the streets of New York - a city that suffered a great tragedy and also had to heal itself - is also quite beautiful. The supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are all very good. <br /> <br /> Scriptwriter and director Mike Binder has really delivered history that many can connect on multiple levels. This is a story about sadness, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. Reigning over me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic because it draws you into the lives of your characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if it made more charming films like Reign Over Me.
