Is everyone certainly familiar with this most famous of stories? a heartless business man is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues indifferently he will be condemned to a chained afterlife. In order for him to avoid his partner's fate, he is visited by three spirits who show him visions of the past, present, and yet to come, so that he will hopefully see the error of his ways before it is too late. A somewhat morbid tale, but it's the classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the definitive version of Dickens's eternal history. ; is what I always remember watching at school, and I remember being absolutely terrified of it! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the ghost of the Christmas present under the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas yet to come, especially I found it very scary. How on earth did the movie get the 'U' certificate? (For non-British readers, the 'U' is the lowest rating, it means the family is welcoming and the children are welcome, nothing to scare them, etc. This is certainly not the case as some children will undoubtedly find the final segment positively terrifying with the bleak spectrum of the Christmas future. <br /> <br /> Anyway, from the many versions of this classic story I saw fit for the movies, this is possibly the most faithful to the book Most notably included is a segment rarely seen in cinematic adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost of the Christmas present showing Scrooge the two children hidden under his cloak (you would never be able to get away with such a scene nowadays!). the children represent Ignorance and Need (although they have changed for Want in this film). <br /> <br /> The criticisms for me, however, become apparent, having been viewed with more objective eyes and trained George's portrait. Scott's portrait of Scrooge seems simply not cold enough. He laughs a lot. I do not want to use the word jolly because it is clear that Ebeneezer is anything but, but he seems to be just a grumpy old man, rather than the unkind, cold, indifferent man he is in the book and in other movies. Patrick Stewart portrayed him terrifically in one of the most recent versions filmed, and Michael Caine, despite acting alongside the Muppets, was positively cold. In addition, the character's development throughout the film, as he learns more about the error of his ways and grows toward redemption, is not convincing and seems inconsistent. He seems to have changed little by the time he reached the final lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this (though important) complaint, is still a fascinating and ultimately moving Christmas tale, as all Christmas Films should be. London, of course, looks like the quaint, picturesque little snow-capped English town that many Americans probably imagine it is still (the truth is that London was gray and dirty anyway, and any snow would never have been so white!) Is so neatly dressed that even poor people seem more elegant. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why does not everything look cool? Perfect for the holiday season; along with copies of It's a wonderful life, miracle on 34th Street and the snowman and you have everything you need.
