This modern noir movie, with its eccentric humor and a vertiginous succession of twists, presents a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and excellent entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathize with the honest and unpretentious hero or be taken by the ways in which he tries to get out of the awful situations he is in, so all you can do is fasten your seatbelt and enjoy the ride. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary guy who makes a bad decision and then discovers that the repercussions lead him to an uncontrollable sequence of events he can not free himself from is pure film noir. The same is true of the themes of murder, deceit, corruption and duplicity, which are widespread everywhere. Many of the known visual noir motifs are also present, such as the way cigarette smoke is lit, rain soaked with roads at night, densely shaded interiors, and shadow lines (created by glass doors) on people's faces . Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded war veteran with no money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is mistaken for owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) for a murderer he arranged to employ to murder his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally reticent person, does nothing to discourage Wayne from misunderstanding, especially since he could use a job and at first does not realize what he is expected to do. After being told of his mission and receiving an advance of $ 5,000, he goes to Suzanne and tells her about Wayne's plan. She does not seem very concerned about the danger she is in and offers Michael twice the rate Wayne offered for him to eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he got from both parties. and get out of the city. His plan fails, however, when he accidentally drives on a man who is standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to receive treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things get more complicated when one discovers that the patient is Suzanne's lover and he has two bullets in his stomach. This leads the local cops to get involved and the revelation that Wayne is the sheriff !! From this point on, things get even more complicated and decidedly more dangerous, especially when the real killer, Dallas Lyle (Dennis Hopper) arrives on the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has a great moments of suspense, (an example of this is the scene in which Michael makes his escape from Wayne's bar) and also some great performances from his very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing when he reacts to a variety of situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a misleading character who is always hiding more than he is actually saying. Dennis Hopper is intensely menacing as the cruel contract killer (a role he plays with great enthusiasm) and Lara Flynn Boyle seems adequately cool and calculating as the femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also offers good support and moments of humor in his participation as a meaningless truck driver. Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally meant to be denied a general movie release, but it rightfully emerged from its modest beginnings to eventually be recognized as the great movie that it really is.
