From the director of films 'Last Seduction' and 'Kill me again', comes another movie in the noir style. John Dahl created a niche for himself making films on the themes of adultery, blackmailing in the early 1990s. Although I did not have much opinion on the latest seduction. But today Mr. Dahl has resorted to directing television programs. It's a shame since man had talent. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS ** This is a pretty awesome movie that revolves around a Cage bum) coming in to the city of Wyoming for a job. However, he is unlucky and mistaken for a Texas gunslinger by owner J.TWalsh. He is given the task of killing his wife (Boyle). But Cage decides to separate after receiving the down payment without doing so. On the way out of town, he accidentally hits a guy on the road, which he takes back to the local hospital. At that point, Cage coincidentally finds Walsh again, who also seems to be the local sheriff. After Cage escapes his clutches, but reunites with the real hit-man who happens to be Dennis Hopper. John Dahl co-wrote and directed this film. So this shows that a project can become decent when a director puts their thoughts on the screen. The direction is of good standard, however, while watching the movie I have a made for the feeling of TV movie. There were many pictures close up. However, this does not prevent the film from being a pleasant experience. The film had a good rhythm and the structure was perfect. Dahl wrote the screenplay with good length. Cage portrayed the role as a hobo realistically, though to me his performance seemed a little restrained. His facial expressions were on the mark. Lara Flynn Boyle was hot and dealt perfectly with her like the femme fatale. Her hairstyle was far away and could make any face get on her knees. Hopper played his part well. But I feel that he went wrong for this role. He did not convince me that he had the qualities of a killer. The paper was not written keeping your personality in mind. <br /> <br /> When you see one of them, you will have deja vu from previous films like 'The Hot Spot' and 'A Perfect Murder'. Due to the fact that some subplots are similar. Overall, if you are a fan of noir movies, then this is for you. Worth recommending. 7/10
