What we have here is a very good thriller from the nineties which, while lacking in substance, still offers great entertainment throughout the execution time, and generally does everything you could want such a film to do. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a highly underrated director behind great thrillers like The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I figured if this movie were the standard I've seen from the director, it would be worth watching - and Red Rock West is certainly a movie Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the overly moral Michael; a man traveling through America looking for work. He ends up finding a day when he comes across a bar in Red Rock County - only realizes that the job is killing a man's wife. He was mistaken for a killer named Lyle, but instead of doing the work; he throws both sides against each other and eventually plans to make an escape. However, his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle appears ... <br /> John Dahl seems to like to put suspense on the road; he did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and again almost a decade after this movie with Roadkill. It's not hard to see why Dahl chooses this type of locale as it provides a fabulous atmosphere for a thriller like this. Dahl also provides his film with an atmosphere of film noir, since the plot focuses mainly on the central character and the word he is steeped in is full of dark and mysterious characters. The acting is largely very good, with Nicholas Cage doing an excellent job in the lead role, and receiving the Class A support of Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; which once again commands the screen with its superior performance. Needless to say, the second half of the movie is not as exciting as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring and the way Dahl orchestrates the grand finale is great as all central characters become part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie that you probably will not regret watching. It's exciting all over, and you can not ask for much more than that!
