Ealing Studios, a London-based television and film producer, claims to be the world's oldest film studio. Although he has consistently produced movies and television shows since the 1930s, his golden era was certainly between 1948 and 1955 when he produced a series of comedy works, many starring the great Alec Guinness. Such well-known titles include 'Whiskey Galore! (1949), Pimlico Passport (1949), Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949), The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) and The Ladykillers (1955). One of Ealing Studio's most beloved films, "The Man in White Suit," was released in 1951, starring Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who designs a remarkable fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unappreciated, but has scientific talent in abundance. Because of his under-qualification, the only jobs he can get are as janitor or worker at any of the large textile factories, where he secretly carries out his own experiments using his own money and equipment. After being discovered and ejected numerous times, Sidney is convinced that it is only a few weeks away from an important scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the textile mill Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) is very interested in the exploits of Sidney and agrees to finance any additional work. After numerous failed attempts and some devastating explosions, Sidney reveals his incredible creation: an almost luminous white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, then he was very disappointed. The powerful heads of the textile industry, led by the fragile Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), unite to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which could completely harm their business, never goes into mass production. Likewise, the humble workers of the workers' union hear about the creation of Sidney and also plan to erase it from existence, fearing for their jobs. The inventor, however, is convinced that the durable fabric will bring relief and happiness to many, and refuses to yield to the demand of others, despite being threatened with violence and offering 250,000 compensation. Throughout all his problems announcing his invention to the media, only one person offers Sidney his complete sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter, Daphne, who is engaged to someone else, but falls in love with Sidney's situation. <br /> <The Man in the White Suit is a witty and hilarious comedy, written very well by a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick), and a quirky and charismatic performance of an inimitable Alec Guinness . There are also some good-natured blows to capitalism, and how big industries can contain progress for their own monetary situations, though we can certainly see the arguments for both sides of the debate.
