Often labeled as a comedy, the man in the white suit is putting more than a laugh here and there. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who is not getting the chance to flourish his inventions in the world because no one pays him notice, he is just the weird strange working man about the place as it were. After bluffing at the Birnley Textile Factory, he uses his laboratory to achieve his goal of inventing a fabric that not only never wears but also never needs to be cleaned! He is at first proclaimed a genius and those who ignored him at first suddenly want a big chunk of it, but then the forebodings of an industry surfacing swiftly turn into something much more frightening. <br /> Yes, the movie is very funny, actually some scenes are hilarious, but it's the satirical part of the movie that elevates me above normal for me. The contradictions about the advent of technology are a crucial issue here, do we want inventions that save us fortunes as we close industries? You just have to see what happened to the coal industry in Britain to know what I'm talking about. The decade in which the film was made is a crucial point to note, the fabrication of nuclear weapons has become more than just rumors, science was advancing to frighteningly new proportions. You watch this movie and see the rapid turnaround of events for the main protagonist Stanley, from hero to enemy in one stroke, victim of his own quest for humanity! It's so dark that the movie should be called The Man In The. Black Suit. <br /> <br /> Frankly, I can not find anything wrong with this movie, the screenplay for Roger MacDougall, John Dighton and director Alex Mackendrick could be filmed today and would not be out of place. it is the sharpness and thought of the mind that it has. The sound and setting are immense, the steering is flawless, with the tone shift cleverly handled by Mackendrick. Some of the scenes are simply wonderful, one in particular pulls the strings of the heart and leads us to think of a certain scene in David Lynch's Elephant Man some 29 years later, and even after such a crisis of events the film still manages to take an O genius who is Alec Guinness begins to close the film to keep viewers thinking not only of Stanley's future but also of the rest of us in this rapidly advancing world. <br /> <br /> A timeless masterpiece, thematically and as a work of art, 10/10.
