In my opinion, the best of Ealing comedies and one of my favorite movies of all time. The issue of workers versus management (with a lot of union talk and rights) might date the film a bit now, since it's no longer a subject matter discussed that much, but that does not stop "White Suit" from being a show that stops the classic . The plot, about a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that ends up putting the textile industry in turmoil, does not sound exciting when written, but the film retains that essential spark of blended fantasy. with the reality that the brand as a real comedy of Ealing. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear off! The white suit holder Alec Guinness uses throughout the second half becomes the centerpiece of several iconic images and sequences, such as Guinness being able to use his indestructible wire to climb a wall! The script itself is full of dry wit - "Is he alright?" "Yes." "Feather." - and characterization is first rate. I'm always amazed at the wonderful direction in these films as well. Comedies from later times would adopt a mindset of "pointing the camera to the actors and letting it roll," but Ealing's films always tried enlightenment, angles, and interesting innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's the cast that lifts the material to vertiginous heights. Alec Guinness delivers a fantastically understated performance with eyes that convey admiration, joy and overwhelming defeat whenever history demands. Stratton is a man indifferent to everything except his work. Such an insular character could quickly become boring or irritating, but Guinness easily makes him so nice that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency as Stratton tries to stand out in a world that wants to bury everything. he has already worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute delight to watch as usual, as are confused Cecil Parker and slimy Michael Gough; everybody laughs without even trying. It's comical the British euphemism at its best. "The Man in the White Suit" is 81 minutes of pure brilliance, with a great plot, great cast, sparkling intelligence and healthy dolls of cynicism. Absolutely top notch.
