One of the things that makes this comedy of Ealing so outrageously funny is smart editing. Shots that would be considered absolutely essential for most modern comedies are deliberately left out. (This is what became known as British euphemism.) Three instances: A comic fight is edited like this. Alec Guiness has invented a new fabric that will ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to the office to try to persuade him to sign a contract waiving control of the fabric so that production can be suppressed. When he realizes this, Guiness gets up and turns to walk to the door. Two men block their way. "Excuse me," he says quietly, stepping forward. The two men move between Guinness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is seated at her desk. There is silence until the bell begins to frantically signal it. She grabs the notebook and opens the door to the inner office, where Donnybrook is making a noise and the room is half destroyed. Guiness walks out the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention, Guinness assembles an elaborate chemical apparatus, but instead of converting the experimental liquid into the new cloth, the device explodes. Again and again, it explodes. The lab is free of all other labors. The explosions continue. The ceilings fall. Windows are off. The research director is sitting at his desk in a small office full of debris, a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens, he leaps a foot in the air. "Sit down," he tells the visitor, "there is another that must be given at any moment." It's incredibly fun - and there's not a single shot of any blast. That would be unimaginable now without a fireball, and perhaps a building collapsing in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The last example, consisting of a series of quick and relentless cuts, rides precisely. Guinness is being chased and is cornered in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign the contract. Faced with two men about to fight him, Guiness does the same with a certain expression. He bangs against a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust falls back and hits the wall. There is a shot lasting about a second from the bust hitting the wall. Another brief shot of a metal shield hanging above the bust was shaken and falling. Quick cut to Guiness's head climbing on frame. Cut to the two men looking at the camera, while horrible sounds of brass and beats are heard on the screen. Cut to Guiness lying on his back. Nobody today would have the balls to not show Guiness being crowned by that shield. <br /> <br /> I will not go on with it. It is a comedy, but very bitter, underneath all the joy. In solving a set of problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He opposes both management and labor, none of which is very advantageous. And, of course, the economic implications have to do with more than cloth. "And that car that runs in the water with a pinch of something or another on it?" one of the workers asks. "Interests acquired," comments another worker, while Thorstein Veblen nods at his grave. What would happen if our energy problems were resolved overnight? If I owned Exxon shares-and I think so-I would shudder at the thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no need for oil? By the way, where would the police force and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and very entertaining, superbly directed and edited film. The list of artists is second to none. Joanne Greenwood in that hoarse voice. The captivating Cecil Parker. The wheezing mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> First class work everywhere.
