The man in the white suit, as I am all right, has an obscure view of labor and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he never got his college degree due to a ... err ... accident in a college lab). He is able to devote himself to several industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film begins, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (in a memorable moment) is trying to impress his alleged father-in-law (Cecil Parker), showing him the ship-like company he runs. While having lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough gets a message about some problems about the laboratory's unexpected budget problems. He reads the huge expenses (due to the Guinness experiences) and chokes on the coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness continues to work at Parker's firm, and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough - but Parker also discovers this. . Greenwood has discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant apparently figured out how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change the electronic bonds within its molecular structure so that (for all intents and purposes) the fiber will remain intact. Any fabric made from it will never fade, get dirty or wear out - it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of a female representative, but not of her boss. He sees Guinness as selling to the rich. But when he explains to them what he did, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon, Parker's textile moguls (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a marvelous performance, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are also in a panic about what could end their business. They seek to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (though Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to get the news of his discovery to the public. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness is defeated by science and also by greed. . But he ends the film by seeing the error in his calculations, and we think that one day he may still withdraw his discovery after all. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for suppression valid? At one point the difficulties of making the fabric are shown (you have to heat the yarns at a high temperature to actually allow the ends of the material to be joined. There is nothing to show that the fabric will stretch if the owner the owner stay thin, we must believe that people only want a set of clothes forever? What happened to fashion changes and new styles? And the cloth is only made in white color (making Guinness look like a white We are informed that dye would have to be added earlier in the process. Would not this have an effect on the chemical reactions that keep the structure of the textile? Unfortunately this is not an article about science but a film about the hypocrisies of work and capital in modern industry as such is brilliant, but these issues I mention continue to bother me about the validity of the suppression of the invention of Guinness.
