"Deliverance" is a dead-end example of wonderful films that came out in the 1970s. While your jaw drops during a "Terminator" movie, are you really sacred? I do not think so, because you're there to see what new CGIs were tied together - plot does not matter. So many everyday situations can become terrifying for no reason because there are many people involved in daily life - such as a trip to the market ... or a walk down a dimly lit street. "Deliverance" is so scary, because these innocent actions can become mortal in a heartbeat. Is venturing into the wilderness a fun joke? Anyone who has this notion does not read the newspapers, watch the news of the day, or see some of the other films that portray the seriousness of the "trespassing" on territories where outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the early plate in "Deliverance" did not inform almost everyone to see that this was not a picnic, and "shouting like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <I hate the term "caipiras," because - as some "users" have written - it lowers whole regions of people who are very satisfied to live as you know - without the interference of modern life. Much is made of "innate" - this is not sexuality peculiar to the backwoods. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. However, the people of the city are extremely dumb to enter into a closed society and give them attitude. I know many "caipiras" - they are moral people, when left to themselves. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, as well as "justice" in the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take their canoes and camps to legal places. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" was the last film I ever encountered with Jon Voight to perform - I hope he's wrong. He was extremely poorly paid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but demonstrated that he could play that role in the fall of a hat. His performance in "Deliverance" was superb. This gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains if necessary - but who wants to be considered "ordinary" today? His muffled supper at dinner was brilliant. Wow!! for Burt Reynolds !!! One has to ask what led him to these other playful films? His manhood, though misguided, in this film set the pace for the resistance needed to get out of the wilderness - not just in the wilderness, but in the wilderness of everyday life. Ned Beatty was stellar - her underwear may not have had "Versace" stitched, but her shocked performance was perfect. As noted, he has become stronger than any other group at the end of the film. Ronny Cox threw the moral guy to the max - every man should have the determination to do what's right. Several "users" theorized that he was shot, or lost his balance when he entered the river - my theory is that he was so disgusted with the whole day, he committed suicide. No shot was heard during the scene and Voight and Beatty did not find a wound. James Dicey certainly knows how to weave a suspense tale, and was great as the sheriff - it is said that he was so terrified. to act he came to the drunk set every day. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of surviving, but they also knew they had no chance against a jury of the local people, no matter how gently they were treated in "Aintry." He was also aware that the villainous villain could be cruel. Justice? "Do not come back here again." Not many "users" knew that "country boys" were used in the film, where it was possible - which actors could portray them better? The "men of the mountain" were, indeed, men of the mountain ....... Every detail of this film was perfect - undoubtedly it was dangerous to touch. Best "fight for your life" in. I have experienced some near-dangerous incidents, and I am content to live out of the fray - you who feel that your furious manhood can have my share. <br /> <br /> That we absolutely kill - and continue to do - irreplaceable areas of this country undeniable. Being able to see your greatness in any medium is captivating, but it leaves a bitter taste to realize that some do not care about it. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built directly into the territories for wild animals, and firmly believes that humans come before animals. These are their rightful habitats - we should let them be just that. Is it any wonder why coyotes, bears, and wolves roam the neighborhoods? They are theirs. <br /> <br /> In some less threatening way, we all need to experience the lessons to be learned from "Liberation" - understanding our technological advancement does not lead to supremacy. I thank all those city lords who went out into the wilderness to produce this modern classic, so that it might scare me when I watched it. You can have the thrill of danger - I'll stick with the TV. 30-out-of-10.
