Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 suspense / thriller about a group of Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) who make a canoe trip down the Cahulawassee River before the river is dammed . Along the way, a raft (no pun intended) for unpleasant things happens to men. Despite the unpleasant events in this photo, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river well. The location was really well chosen. In fact, this would still be a great movie to watch if the canoe trip had run smoothly. The lush forests and gentle countryside make the horror even more horrible. Not only is the location scenic, but also beautifully filmed thanks to cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that Burt Reynolds' performance as the outdoor man, Lewis, is the lead actor in this film. However, I think Jon Voight steals the show with his role as the suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the scene on the cliff was not a stunt. It was Voight himself. To cut costs, filming was not assured and the actors made their own action scenes. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. The performance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequel continues to be one of the most impressive soundtracks in film history because of the intensity of its performance. At a couple of other points in the movie, we are treated to a softer music and banjo, which provides a very pleasant accompaniment to the journey down the river. For all the good points of this movie, I thought it was a bit lacking in purpose. . Does not build suspense very well and is not really as horrible as we were led to believe. The plot itself is a bit poor and does not get anywhere. However, this movie has enough good points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for blood fans, there is not much of that. None really, actually. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that gets a bit sour. Think of it as Rambo: First Blood meets Three Men In A Boat. Look for a young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I liked that movie, the soundtrack, the cinematography and the acting earned a deserved 7 out of 10.
