When a movie shocks you with its haunting and scary atmosphere, and grabs you by the throat with its stunning cinematography, you just know you've come across a treat, a masterpiece of a movie. Although with most modern films, extremely enjoyable as some are, those who really put you in the spotlight are the strongest, and are the most acclaimed by the critics and, most of the time, stay with you for a lifetime . I say, proudly, that I'm a fan of disturbing movies, not just horror movies, but those that convey a vibe laden with foreboding. Films like Breakdown and The Missing, which cause a chill down the spine, making you think "bullshit could happen to me", and visually enticing you, are there with some of my favorite aspects in a movie. Because I'm only 21, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I'm familiar with them, I did not watch them grow and continue as actors, unlike actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say that after the long hype and witnessing the Deliverance for the first time, I was so admired by these veteran actors in a movie made more than 30 years ago that they still live the terror in competition with modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the self-appointed male leader of a group of four friends on a canoe trip down a fictitious river before a dam is made, filling the entire desert with water. The character of Renyolds is an experienced adventurer, kind of nonsense and full of machismo. Witnessing him portraying the tough guy, made me think differently about him as an actor, as I only saw him as an old guy or a rabid politician. The dialogue the director provides for his character gives him enough malice to be proven as a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as novice adventurers, Drew and Bob respectively, joining in for the fun of a canoe trip. The actor I really enjoyed watching was Jon Voight, again I saw him just as an older actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I really enjoyed Voight's acting (and I do not consider Anaconda when I say that) , for example the national treasure films. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, is experienced in adventures, but is seen as a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader and definitely does not have the machismo of Lewis. The movie basically opens with the four driving in a small town while asking to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river while they canoeing the rapids and camping along the river's edge. You immediately get a frightening vibe from the backwoods characters that are featured, like the immerse kid who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo" at the beginning of the film with Drew Ronny Cox character; and even more so the two men of the mountain in the scene of crucial and disturbing rape of the films. As with all atmospheric films, from now on, dread and confusion fill the characters as well as the audience and it is here that we see the characters take shape and change their form. The following canoe trip is skillfully tossed and it is from here that men fight against human and nature probabilities for survival. The film's kinematics do not diminish, and I support this comment with the scene in which Ed fights one of the rapist's mountain men with a compound bow. When Ed approaches one of his arrows and realizes that his enemy is approaching him, he fires his rifle, only to shoot the ground as he falls with an arrow in the neck; it was possible the biggest piece of film footage I saw in a movie. When closing, Deliverance is a film, that has fear and atmosphere load the climate and until today, continues being one of the best films of the cinematographic history.
