This is one of the biggest movies ever made. It's a classic of all time. The character played by Ned Beatty goes through one of the biggest transformations on the screen ever portrayed. He is a superficial, almost pointless and overweight insurance salesman. He prides himself on his ignorance, and yet he judges the "backward caipiras" as the ignorant. When he compliments the old man in his hat, and the old man replies, "you do not know anything," the tone is set. It is true. He really does not "know anything". But an anal rape afterwards, the man is practically a warrior. Their false superficial bravery is reduced to a serious resolution. The old self is forever dead, left in some distant forest, which will soon be under hundreds of feet of water. And what about Lewis, our intrepid guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he is just crazy. Burt Reynolds proved to be an actor in 1972 in this film, indulging himself completely in this wonderful role. Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis if he were venturing into the dangers of a world forgotten / about to be left behind like the one our unhappy travelers meet. This movie speaks to us on many levels. The story seems real. It works like a complete action / adventure, with a wonderful cinematography and a deliberate and stimulating rhythm. It works like a horror film, with the danger and almost the surrealism of the encounter with the abominable horsemen that aim at his "nut" Ned Beatty. But it also functions as an art film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths that go to our core. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time it happens, I think I need to watch it. You have to watch it a few times even to begin to understand it. This is a deep movie. This is a well represented film. And that's a hell of a story. I gave 10 out of 10, and put in my 10 greatest films of all time, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond thinking. Movies that use a HISTORY to emphasize, without trying to preach to you. If you think you know Liberation, you can, but then again, you may not know. It really is that good.
