Deliverance is an awesome thriller, as exciting as any good thriller should aspire to be, but also frighteningly scary. Although it is not a horror movie, it is as scary as any classic horror movie. The simple thought of being a normal red-blooded male enjoying a weekend of adventures in any form of civilization, only to be captured and sodomized by a couple of violent horsemen, is surely the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the population world. It would have been easy for the Liberation to enter into territory of exploitation, but John Boorman cleverly avoided the temptation to follow this path and made a film that explores, challenges, and challenges the very meaning of manhood. With so many movies, you leave wishing heaven that you could enter into the hero's place, performing heroic actions and saving the day and catching the girl ... but with Deliverance, you've been praying to God so you never have to try the that these four protagonists pass. (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - leave the desert to spend a few days on a river that would soon be dammed . The guys are riding the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently go a little too far ahead of the others, so they reach the river bank and wait for their friends in the adjacent woods. Here they attack two local woods (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who tie Ed to a tree, while one of them strips and rapes Bobby by viciously instructing him to "squeal like a pig." Lewis and Drew arrive invisible and Lewis, being a fair archer, kills the rapist while the other hired man retreats into the forest. Under great emotional stress, the four canoists decide to hide the event and leave the area. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate as they travel downstream, and the risk to their lives increases as the survivor returns to shoot them with his rifle from some invisible point of view on the rocky cliffs beside the river. The deliverance is very powerful as a tale of survival, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of macho attitudes being shattered and left in humiliated rags. Although all performances are remarkable, one should note Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would have rejected. The film closely resembles the movie Straw Dogs 1971 - both films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated locations, and both the violent revenge required by the victim does not result in any sense of satisfaction. The backdrop of the bumpy field in Deliverance is beautiful to see, but it also adds to the tension by putting the four canoists in a setting where they are at the mercy of the country folk and the landscape, with no one to rely on others other than themselves. . This really is a thriller at its best.
