You could stage a version of Charles Dickens's "A Christmas Carol," with sock puppets, and I'll probably watch it. Since I was a kid, this has been one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that there is good in all, and that therefore no one is beyond redemption, which attracts me, but for whatever reason, I never miss the opportunity to attend one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic. on TV as they inevitably are at this time of year. <br /> <br /> What makes this version really stand out is the somber seriousness that the cast brings to their respective roles. The lines we have heard dozens of times in the past take on a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more real and believable in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is to his eternal credit that, instead of sleepwalking through this role of Scrooge, portrayed a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his best performances. He wisely did not attempt a British accent, instead of delivering his speeches in that famous bass voice. His Scrooge is not just a grumpy old man (as he is often portrayed), but a man who nourishes a deep rage against the world. As he is visited by each of the Three Spirits, we understand how this anger took root, grew and finally strangled his soul. As he is forced to revise his life, we see him alternately softening, and then relapse again into an unrepentant obstinacy. And in the great dramatic scene when he, kneeling and crying in his own grave, begs for mercy as he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to alter his life, we see a man who has been totally broken and taken to his knees, literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge totally believable and painfully human. Impressive as Scott's performance is, the set of supporting actors contributes significantly to the black beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is a prime example of this. Often portrayed as an affable clown, here he is portrayed by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity absent from previous portraits. When he begs Scrooge, "I ask nothing of you.I do not want anything from you.Why can not we be friends?", We see in his face not only his frustration but his pain in the self-imposed separation of Scrooge of his only living relative. It's a moving performance, and one of the most dramatic scenes in the film. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is the performance given by the wonderful English actor Frank Finlay as the late Scrooge partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this tale, the scene with Marley tends to be a low point in the film, simply because it is difficult to portray a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually simply silly (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost .. ..... no!) In this version, it is perhaps the most fascinating scene in the whole movie. Marley's entrance, when the locks on Scrooge's doors open on their own and the sound of chains echoing throughout the house, is wonderfully creepy. But Finley's Marley is not ethereal spirit. He is a tortured soul, inspiring both horror and pity. Marley may be a ghost, but his anger and regret for a wasted life in the pursuit of wealth, and his despair at his realization that his sins are now out of repair, are still very human. As portrayed by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the coarse Scrooge would be shaken by this nightmarish appearance. Finlay really steals the scene here, something that is not easy to do when you're in opposition to George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it goes on and on, a remarkable performance after another, making it seem like you're experiencing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember him the Equalizer?) Is alternately both jovial and menacing like the Ghost of Christmas Present. When he makes the famous phrase, "it may be that in Heaven's eyes you are more useless and less able to live than MILLIONS like the poor son's," he is no longer a joyful substitute for Santa, but an avenging angel gives Scrooge a much needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a wonderfully sour Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner brings wonderful depth through the suffering of Bob Cratchit, a man who spends his life carrying the triple crosses. a sick child and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage and also, sometimes, his tiredness, in the face of intolerable circumstances. Later in the scene where Scrooge is shown by the Ghost of Christmas Still to come the Cratchit family after the death of Tiny Tim, Warner's performance, while hardly uttering a word, will bring him to tears.
