'Deliverance' is a brilliant epic condensed from a group of completely modern men embarking on a canoe trip to briefly commune with nature and instead have to fight for their sanity, their lives and perhaps even their souls. The film has aged well. Despite being made in the early 70's, it certainly does not seem particularly dated. It still boasts a visceral status of punch and icon as a dramatic post-death philosophical and cultural shock vehicle of the sixties. There are very few films with similar concepts that can compare favorably to it, although the material of the legendary Sam Peckinpah has to be up there. Yes, there has been considerable debate and discussion about the film's most compelling scene (which I will not expand here) - and arguably one of the most compelling scenes in the entire movie history - but what surprises about this movie is how painfully beautiful sometimes it is. This seems to be generally ignored (although, in retrospect, it is understandable). The cinematography that captures the essence of the fragile and endangered desert of the river is almost always absolutely stunning, and balances the film because, in a moment of brief madness, we viewers - along with the characters themselves - plunge into a relentless nightmare. The Liberation narrative is suitably lean and vigorous, and it is surprising how quickly events unfold from the point of view, through the crisis and beyond. Everything happens very quickly, which gives a very real sense of urgency to the film. The scenario is effectively established through the opening credits. The characters are well-designed, despite the limited time spent in history. We know enough about them to get to know them for the kind of man they are, like them, and finally fear for them when everything goes to hell. The conflict and violence within the film seem to erupt out of nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic. This is the theme of author James Dickey - that any prevailing romanticism about the nature of man's inherent "goodness" can only wither and die when his poorly suppressed animal instincts come to the surface. There are no demons or bogeymen here. Predatory bullies - like the film's central villains - are mere cruel and terribly amorous cousins ​​to our protagonists. They hatch because their evil is stingy and tangible. The movie has no peripheral characters. They all reflect something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of Homo Sapiens urbanized in the late 20th century, and all are very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as the enthusiastic and almost fatally confident Survivalist, Lewis, and it's a shame to think that he really could not recapture his brief moment of dramatic glory throughout the rest of his still-popping e-down career ('Boogie Nights 'excluded, perhaps). Trust me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you'll be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his usual, effortless self, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make significant contributions. This is simply a great quartet of actors. To conclude, I must speculate on whether and when the author of 'Deliverance', James Dickey, 'To the White Sea' will be made. For those who like it (?) This movie, the TTWS is an equally harrowing tale about the American Air Force pilot's fight for survival after being shot down over the Japanese mainland during World War II. It's more of the typically gloomy existentialism and primordial savagery that is Dickey's trademark, but it has all the ingredients of a truly spectacular and poetic cinematic experience. There was a suggestion a few years ago that the Coen brothers might be producing, but that turned out to be nothing. Being an avid cohen-o-phile, I'm disappointed to think about what could have happened had they achieved the green light in the TTWS, instead of their last relatively indistinct efforts. Returning to 'Deliverance', it is impossible to imagine a film of such honest and unnerving brutality being made in these times, and this is quite shameful. We, the audience that frequents cinema, are the poorest because of this.
