This story is told and retold and continues to be retold in every imaginable way. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken was recreated in every conceivable way. I admit that I did not see the classic version of Alistair Yes and I'm sure that someday I will, but I would be delighted if I played close to this incredible version of the eighties. I believe that if Dickens himself had created his story for the movies, that would be it. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I will not go into too many details, because everyone has seen it in one way or another. A rich, petty, stingy man is visited by the Phantom of his former partner and warned about his evil ways. In order to straighten him up, he is visited by three spirits, each one of them showing him a different perspective of his life and the people with whom he is involved, past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this before him, he realizes the error of his ways on a grand scale and tries to reciprocate for all the evil he has done. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely undeniably perfect for this role. He takes on the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes his own and creates an incredible character. He is not just an evil man but someone who has been affected by certain situations in his life that have made him bitter and angry with the world. There is compassion within him, but he keeps him below everything and is very involved. Scott offers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does the lead role make this film, but everything else fits in place. This is a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is recreated before our eyes, sights and sounds and you can almost feel the breeze on your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this movie in the dumb and be dazzled by the scenery. It is not a spectacular setting in itself, but it is real. The movie takes us from the market of upper class merchants to the very grim pits of poverty and everything. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast fits into their roles and brings their literary counterparts to life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and all his family, including and especially the young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. Each of the Ghosts had its own distinctive personality and increased the gloomy mood of the story. A Christmas song is not a story of light. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in the life of England and is one of the few Christmas tales that is really dark, almost scary, and has to be scary to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years turning around. The somber feel of the story is captured in this film and it is downright scary and yet the end raises its spirits and captures the miracles of Christmas. The soundtrack to this film is also something to be mentioned as it is epic and grandiose and beautiful to hear whether it is the current score or Christmas music, it all fits. Apparently, the Christmas films are my favorites, because I insist that everyone see this Christmas Carol above all others. 10/10
