Marie: You're gentle. Dan: No, I'm not soft. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're like me, soft and single, do not walk together. You see someone you care about, no matter how rare, and you want to say something, but you do not want to. Or maybe you say something, but it turns out to be the least intelligent thing you ever said in your life. More often then not though, do you look from afar and wonder without having to deal with what you most agree on is the only way to get somewhere in life? a risk. You can not blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe he's been burned before or maybe he's trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, others not, and all of them can be interpreted as excuses and not as reason. You tell yourself that you do not need or are not the right time for you, but still you wish it were happening. Either way you break, it's not easy. Sound familiar? If you thought so, even if just a little, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy from director Peter Hedges, is a must-see. It will come within you and somehow you will be able to break and warm your heart in one go. <br /> <br /> The title Dan is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a columnist of advice who is admired for his insight into living a balanced, rewarding and morally uplifting life. About four years before the movie began, Dan woke up for his day, he lost his wife and loved his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left to raise his three daughters alone. Between that and focusing on his career, finding love again was not one of Dan's priorities. And so he became more functional than feeling. Removed from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to someone and has resigned himself to never knowing it again. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and equipment store in Connecticut on a quiet morning. They are interaction is casual, comfortable and catches the two unprepared. There is only one problem in fact. She's already seeing someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, this someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family went to their parents' house for their annual visit, and now Dan needs to spend the weekend crying and yearning for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie that morning. It lasted only an hour, but it took so long to wake Dan's heart from the coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are in charge), DAN In reality, real life departs from its larger purpose from time to time. While the cyclone of children and parents and aunts and uncles makes for difficult times for Dan, Hedges also uses unnecessarily as a means to distract, with the presumption that he would eventually make a fuller film. Luckily, Hedges got Carell to carry the heavy burden. It is a pleasure to see Steve Carell more and more with each photo he makes (despite the occasional mistake of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is charismatic, charming and, of course, a keen humorist. Like Dan, he's also self-deprecating, clumsy and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who struggles to find character in his roles, instead of relying solely on his comedic instincts and established personality. Perhaps more importantly, he is totally understandable as Dan. If he is falling on the cot in the laundry room where he is put to sleep as the only single adult at this meeting or fidgeting in the kitchen, unable to stand his anxiety, Dan is all face up to Are you sure you felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that he becomes the heart of the film at the same time. <br /> <br /> I wondered after watching the movie if I liked him as much as I did, despite his little flaws (Juliette Binoche? I know you might like to light up every now and then, but I do not I recommend it unless there is chocolate involved), because of where I am in my life. Someone who discovered that someone extracted so much meaning and comfort from this film? I can not say. What I can say, as someone who knows what it means to be lonely, knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how those moments and people need to be appreciated and cherished. He also knows that anyone who is feeling lonely on a particular day or for months needs to be reminded that surprises still happen.
