Superbly unpretentious and wonderfully unassuming exploration of the 80's, hooray! The pre-opening opening sequences give the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and distressing drama, but you need not fear, because only ten minutes later we are in our necks in absurd battles with chainsaws, gross quarrels, shocking dialogues and free nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned brothers with an unusually close and even a little perverted relationship. Can you imagine kidding, tearing off the towel that covers her sister's naked body and then staring at her unshaven genitals for several whole minutes? Well, Bo does this to her sister and, judging by her laughter, she does not care. Sick, man! At any rate, as children, they fled Russia with their parents, but the unpleasant soldiers brutally massacred Mom and Dad. A friendly smuggler took custody of them, however, and even created and trained Bo and Ingrid for experienced smugglers. When the actual plot takes off, 20 years later, they are facing their final mission, as the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire diamond is coincidentally found in a mine. Very few things in life have made so little sense as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it sure is a lot of fun to watch. Most of the time you have no idea who is spanking who or what cause (and I bet the actors understood even less), but that it is! The violence is magnificently grotesque and every turn in history is pleasantly delayed. Is the script going totally crazy beyond repair when all of a sudden? and I will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson comes on the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his black and scruffy fingers on all the local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian girl with big breasts, but a hideous accent, the absurd yet captivating theme song, plays at least a dozen times in the film, there is the obligatory assembly "we are in love" and many other attractions ! My goodness, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates as "Life to Survive," which is especially appropriate because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: None!
