What can you say about the movie White Fire? Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing Hilarious? These words are not large enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From a hesitant and confused start to the deep end, this movie will entertain. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins in the forest of a country somewhere in the world. A family is hiding from unidentified soldiers in costume shop uniforms. When the father separates from the mother and son, you have a real sense of the type of movie you are about to watch. Dad makes sure to walk down the hills with all his white clothes, and is polite when he catches people's attention before he shoots them, but unfortunately the father is burned alive in what appears to be a very unsupervised and unsecured blow. Meanwhile, Mom and the kids are running down the beach with an armed soldier about 5 feet behind them. He also gives a stern warning before the action in the form of a bizarre "HALT!", And soon wastes his mother. This sequence of action establishes the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So, now we move about 20 years (30 if you're honest about the age of the hero) to the beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred have settled as professional thieves, or diamond prospectors, or something like this. Ingred works in a diamond mine where she helps herself with the goods while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives around the desert in her jeans. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any friends besides each other and spend all their time together. That combined with the fact that Bo expressed his desire to sleep with his sister, as evidenced in lines like "you know it's a shame you're my sister," she says while she is naked, to make a very dynamic pair. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed as she wanders the beaches of Turkey with her ceremonial pink scarf. A renewal of hope occurs when Bo meets a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives him a plastic surgery to make her look exactly like Ingrid. This opens the door for Bo to have sex with her sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of ethical and gray areas, and he is very happy with his new love. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there are fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, impossible to follow the plot lines. , Fred "the hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a large piece of dirty ice that is supposed to be a giant diamond (which then explodes). All of these things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid is what makes this movie special ... really special. So I sincerely encourage all to contemplate the majesty that is White Fire. You can be happy that you did .. or not.
