the government he fought to establish to recognize his loyalty with a promised and much needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ode to all those who, like the Colonel, suffer from the abuses of a cynical and hardened society that strengthens itself by denying its citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. Contrary to the absurdity of WAITING FOR GOD, the Colonel's waiting for the arrival of his pension gives hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film directs the Colonel who is masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military pension will one day arrive and the knowledge that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, a different reason from a drunken brawl in an armed cockfight. Unable to perceive the first, and forced to prove to the world the second, the Colonel does the only thing he can do, start training his son's fighting stick. The rooster is now the warrior who can bring fortune and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his fighting ring is that of the killer of his former owner, Agustin. In a tense scene of confrontation between the colonel and Nogales, his son's murderer, the colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, with enough money to match the Colonel's full pension. But this is money of blood; Hush money designed to hide the fact that those in power turned their backs on one who fought for their political ideals, and to hide from the world that the warrior colonel's son was murdered because he wrote for a clandestine newspaper that favored labor rights . unions and the common man. With the utmost dignity, the Colonel rejects Nogales's offer, picks up his fighting cock, and walks away as noble as his old legs can carry him. Once he is home, Dona Lola, his wife scolds, wants to know why the colonel refused the money when both are starving. In response to his continuing question, "What are we going to eat until November (when the cockfight season begins)," the Colonel replies, "Shit." Excrement is what the poor and underprivileged have eaten throughout their lives, and the excrement is a meal that the Colonel decides to eat with dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel waits as the only man of honor and bravery in a world without principles.
