Tom Hanks has been in such hit films as Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan and The Green Mile. For the most part, their roles are good that we twist. In Road to Perdition, his character Michael Sullivan is a little different. In Sam Mendes's Road To Perdition movie, based on Max Allan Collins's graphic novel, he tells the story of a man and his son. on the road during the Great Depression in Chicago. What's different about this little trip is that Sullivan is a killer who is now being hunted by his ex-partner. His boss or former boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) loves him almost more than his own son, partner of Sullivan Connor (Daniel Craig). <br /> <br /> After a job done the wrong way because of Connor, the only Witness to his mistake are Sullivan and his son, who should not be there. So Connor tries to get Sullivan and his family, but only gets his wife and another son Peter. Sullivan overcomes success and runs home to find Michael Jr. sitting at the table ... just sitting. With his wife and son dead, Sullivan takes the path to find answers. <br /> <br /> The story follows the two as Sullivan tries to do things right in memory of his wife and son, and by Michael who feels like he is to blame for all this. He feels that his curiosity has killed his mother and his brother. Tyler Hoechlin does a great job as Michael Jr. He brings maturity and also a sense of being still youthful. His loss of innocence is well represented when he travels from town to town, leaving nothing behind. <br /> <br /> Mendes' previous success was American Beauty, which received five Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Director. This movie did not perform so well at the Oscars, earning only a prize for best cinematography, but receiving five other nominations for music, sound and a Best Actor in a Supporting Role for Paul Newman. This photo is a great story that takes you on a tour of the Midwest and the legend of Mike Sullivan: husband, gunman and dedicated father. This movie is a movie that must be watched for many years.
