After swallowing me up in a variety of seemingly immature films bought on rent DVDs, I realized that it was the right time for some serious drama and who would be better than Sam Mendes? For a number of reasons, "American Beauty" does not appeal to me as much as this movie, which is easily the darkest thing Tom Hanks ever did and probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade. For this is not a simple gangster tale taken from its graphic origins, and it is simply wonderful to watch because of it. And despite my usual allergy to any movie by the name of Tom Hanks (I still can not watch "Big" unwittingly a cat kick), I'm glad I gave it a shot because this is one of those movies that you're going to kick yourself if you make a mistake. <br /> <br /> Usually Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a dedicated family man and father of two who grew up during the Dry Law in the early 1930s. He is also a professional killer of mafia boss John Rooney ( Paul Newman), but managed to keep his work a secret from his children. But after his eldest son (Tyler Hoechlin) witnesses his father involved in a gang kill, the two are forced to flee while John tries to settle the matter. Soon, father and son are pursued to Chicago, where a fellow murderer (a threatening Jude Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> On the face of it, it looks like a fairly normal gangster movie, but as I said, this is not really about gangsters. It is about the relationship between father and son together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is (* grits * teeth) superb as the tortured man who discovers that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also good as the son of Sullivan. In all honesty, there is not a single performance that I can highlight as weaker than the others - the cast is pretty much flawless. As is the cinematography and costumes (and it's not always I praise costumes!), Which recreates the 30's with impressive effect. There has been so much effort to make it all right and worth it. This could easily look like crap - they admit the look of the 1930s was hard to dismiss - but that does not happen and that deserves all the credit. Chicago, especially, looks fantastic, lined with hundreds of flimsy cars of the era and full of people in suits and monochrome hats. True time travel, even if it takes a bit of computer graphics. <br /> <br /> The story is also winning, offering a human face to what is often seen as a stereotyped genre of the movie villain. Law is surprisingly menacing as the almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves that you do not have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to be a gangster. The film is decidedly noir-ish, dominated by rain and poorly lit warehouses, but at least violence and murder are (finally) viewed as having an emotional and psychological impact on those who perpetrate and on those who only witness such acts. The whole thing is evocative of an earlier era and previous films, but it sweeps the old and refreshes with a modern tale of redemption amidst the Tommy-Gun shootings and extortion rackets. It may seem a bit slow in some places, especially if you are accustomed to participating in shooting scenes in movies like most modern audiences (like yours, actually), but sometimes words can speak louder than that actions. Mendes did a good follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut, a movie that is as clever as it is beautiful to watch. "Road To Perdition" may not be to everyone's taste, but this is a DVD that I will not be switching off anytime soon.
