Having been driven out of the house and into the theater by the sweltering heat, I could not have been more pleased. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; maybe I have seen the same themes recycled again and again. But this movie is indeed different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea, contemplating the duality of his father's legacy - one of the best men ever to exist, one of the most evil. This duality snakes throughout the film. The story revolves around crime boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man Rooney has already received and who now serves as his personal "Angel of Death". Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but bound by love and loyalty to Michael. The young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he reads, steals in his father's car one night while his father leaves to "work" with Connor Rooney, heir to the "business" of the family. Connor lets the situation out of control, and what should just be a warning turns into murder - witnessed by Michael Jr. After the discovery that young Michael saw what he should not have seen, the plot is set in motion as Conflicting loyalties collide. Soon, Mr. Michael is outlawed with his son, pursued by hired assassin Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not reveal more details to avoid possible spoilers. . However, I strongly encourage viewers to examine the many dualities that appear in the film: Problems between children and parents (Michael Sr and Jr., John Rooney and son Connor), between the world at home and the world at work, between good and evil, between those who pretend to be men of god and those who really are, between "clean" and "dirty" money, between the city of Perdition and Perdition as hell. And along the way, savor the visual brilliance of director of photography Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for better photography): rain coming out of fedoras, shots through mirrors (especially on swinging doors), flashes of machine guns coming out from the shadows, absent any sound. Not only did the 75-year-old Hall give us perhaps the best film product of his career, but Paul Newman, 77, offers one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I may be getting old. But I've seen a lot ... and this is new and invigorating. The Road to Perdition features a lasting and loving homage to the gangster genre, 1940s films, dark comic figures lurking in darkness, villains and heroes, and American movies in general. Go and see!
