If you thought Sam Mendes's first movie, the much-anticipated American BEAUTY, was a movie with style to spare, wait until you see your long awaited second effort, the relentless gangster melodrama ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics hailed this new film as a worthy successor to THE GODFATHER, a hasty judgment by several analysts with Mendes' extraordinary technical prowess. If the mechanics of filmmaking is what makes it look great, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of what it achieves in cinematography, editing, soundtrack and sound. What it does not have is a resonance that all the great stories and some very rare movies have to remain with the viewer long after the experience of reading or seeing has ended. As with American BEAUTY, there is a cool feeling, estrangement for this movie, despite some very strained scenes involving paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story of a killer (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a surrogate father - figure who is also his boss, an elderly Irish mafia leader (Paul Newman) - seems to have been drawn from countless films of gangsters from years past. The father / son motif that hangs over this picture is so heavy in its treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; The whole enterprise was done very carefully, and almost every dialogue is broadcast with an air of great importance: it is obviously a gangster film, hence the necessary amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of humor for speak. of ; only in scenes involving a kid driving an escape car in a cunningly edited montage, is there any sense of lightness in fermenting common sense condemnation. <br /> <br /> That said, I have nothing but praise for the dazzling look in this movie; in fact, it is no exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and projected films I have ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall is likely to win another Oscar for his work here. The production scenarios and costumes are also exemplary; In fact, the whole movie is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to amaze by the vivid use of color, and he and Mr. Hall again make dramatic use of red blood splashed against pale-colored walls, still more effective and baffling because of the preponderance of blacks, blues, and ashes to master the color scheme of the movie. <br /> <br /> If I could not properly notice the performance, it is not because the actors do not present themselves skillfully; all in the film are top notch, with special mention to the two malicious villains: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate," the spoiled and impulsive son of gangster father of Newman; and an almost unrecognizable Jude Law as a grumpy, slimy man who goes after Hanks and his son and figure very important in the fascinating second half of the film. But acting in a stunning film this is bound to have a backseat for the photographic fireworks on display here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt that it would be something like ROAD TO PERDITION.
