This could not have been better. The strong restrictions on Mike Sullivan's expressions could not have been portrayed in any other way. Tom Hanks offers the best performance of his career. Young Tyler Hoechlin drives an emotional wheel; playing the base character for the story. And veteran Paul Newman does one of his best character performances in a long time. <br /> <br /> This film is based on a bold graphic novel by Max Allan Collins and Richard Piers Rayner. This is a father / son story that basically employs the two candidates uniquely unfit for the roles. Mike Sullivan had no father as a child, so John Rooney accepted it. Although a generous man, Rooney became involved with organized crime. So Sullivan's debt would only be paid if he got involved in the deal. Now, Sullivan has a wife and two children and is trying to keep his children safe, but at the same time he returns his boss. The following events will test Sullivan's loyalty and embrace the fate of his family. <br /> <br /> With a great adaptation of David Self, the dialogue rarely appears, but is very virtuous. The story unfolds in a beautiful 1930's setting (Richard L. Johnson and Nancy Haigh's Brilliant Art Direction) topped with a dark rainy exterior (snow on the ground). Directing the story is the wonderful Irish note of Thomas Newman, which is only established when necessary. <br /> <br /> But the most important technical element of the film is the beautiful photograph of Conrad L. Hall. This is one of the best cinematographies I have ever seen; and I watch a lot of movies. The scene where Mike and Michael are in the car, coming into Chicago, is quite impressive. The shot begins in front of the car, revealing Mike (Hanks) through the windshield. Then he heads to the side of the car, to see Michael (Hoechlin) wake up and peer out the side window. As he continues, he slides sideways and turns back, completely around the car and reveals a beautiful Chicago from the 1930s. With a great cast and crew, the main man creates a movie blatantly wonderful. I'm talking about Sam Mendes, who made his film debut in 1999 with American Beauty. (won several awards) Prior to American Beauty, Mendes worked as a director of the British Theater, but decided he wanted to keep saying there was nothing new for him in the theater. With just two movies, Sam Mendes scored in my book as one of the great directors (in a list of about twenty-five). <br /> <br /> The film illuminates a brazen genre that has its successes and mistakes. and expresses the true theme brilliantly. The photography, acting and history is phenomenal. I'm still waiting for the Gangs of New York from Scorcesee, but for now, I'm totally confident that this is "Best Film of the Year". Considering your competition (Signs, Insomnia, Minority Report) is a strong statement.
