Acting This movie is a very well represented film. I will say that the performances are slightly weak at times; but for the most part, the acting is very good. The only actor who surprised me with his performance was Jude Law as Harlen Maguire. He was amazing! Tom Hanks looked a little unsure at some points throughout the movie, but he was also amazing. Paul Newman, good as ever. Cinematography This is what made the film a masterpiece (and I rarely use that word). Conrad Hall is a true genius. If at some point in the movie you pause, you will see the man's delicately elaborate work. He sets up every shot so nothing is left out. When the camera is stopped, there is a postcard as the quality on the screen. When the camera is moving, each shot is designed for discreet perfection. But that does not stop there. Conrads choice of colors and contrast between light and dark settings is a work of art. The way he lights the set is one of the most incredible lighting works I've ever seen. Your work on this movie did what it is. This movie is at the top of the list for best photography with LOTR, Black Hawk Down, Hero, CTHD, Moulin Rouge and Vertigo. People will say that this movie is a gangster movie of the 1930s, but I believe they have lost the purpose of the film. It is a love story about a murderer who fails to try to protect his son from the life he has chosen. It is a brilliantly crafted story that unfolds into a beautiful bond between two people who have nothing more than each other. The Writing screen is worthy of an Oscar. Music Thomas Newman leads a sad but hopeful score to intensify this sad but hopeful story. The music is one of the most beautiful and moving scores I have. Direction Sam Mendes is a new director with the feel of an experienced director. The symbols he uses and the performances he gets from his actors is a rarity in today's filmmaking world. I'll be looking for the next Sam Mendes Film. 10/10 one of the most moving and beautiful films I have ever seen.
