Road to Perdition, an undeserved film in the year in which Oscar is Sam Mendes' second work (and, in my opinion, his best work), a director who three years earlier won an Oscar for his acclaimed but controversial American Beauty. This is a fantastic movie, and at the same time, ultimately moving and sad. <br /> <br /> It is a story of a relatively rich and happy family of outward appearance during the difficult times of the depression when father Michael Sullivan, of two children, played by the great Tom Hanks (I am not his admirer, but I must say this) is a hit for the local mafia boss, played by Paul Newman. His eldest son, Michael Sullivan Jr., thirteen years old, played perfectly by young Tyler Hoechlin after years of blissful ignorance, finds out what his father's work is and what money his family lives on. Caught by his curiosity and aspiration to know the truth, he accidentally becomes a witness to a murder committed by John Rooney, the son of his master father. Such a discovery reaches an innocent soul and has caused countless events that have changed his life forever. The atmosphere of the period, all origins and decorations are perfectly created, editing and cinematography are almost perfect as long as the story is well written. But the movie's main line, the highlights and moments of the film, and the key to the movie's success are the difficult parent-child relationships in bad times. They are shown so deeply, strong and believable. Tom Hanks does excellent and has one of the best performances of his career in a rather unusual role for him and everyone acting across the line is excellent. Finally worth mentioning is a very good score by Paul Newman and in the result, we have an excellent job of all the people involved in making this beautiful (but again sad) masterpiece. I believe that Road to Perdition belongs to the greatest accomplishments of the cinema of this decade and undoubtedly one of the best films of the year. <br /> <br /> My rating 10 out of 10
