This 1984 version of Dickens' classic 'A Christmas Carol', directed by Clive Donner, stars George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. By now the challenge for the filmmaker was to take this familiar material and make it look fresh and new again; and, fortunately, with this film, Donner not only met the challenge, but surpassed any expectations anyone might have for him. He tells the story with precision and attention to detail, and draws performances from his actors who are nothing less than superlative, especially Scott. It could be argued that the definitive portrait of Scrooge - one of the best known characters in literary fiction of all time - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I think with his performance here, Scott has made that distinction. There is so much purity and honesty in your Scrooge that it becomes difficult to even consider anyone else on paper once you have seen Scott do it; Simply put, it is Scrooge. And what a tribute it is to such a talented actor; being able to take such a well-known figure and making it so unique is quite miraculous. It's really a joy to see an actor perform his craft so well, to be able to make a character so real, from every word he utters to the best expression on his face, and make it all sound so true. It is a study in perfection. <br /> <br /> The other cast members are also splendid, but again, they need to be in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do. Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a remarkable, though not as memorable, turn, perhaps, as that of Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the movie "Scrooge." Angela Pleasence is a welcome face as the Spirit of the Last Christmas; Edward Woodward, big and noisy, and totally convincing as the Spirit of the Christmas Present; and Michael Carter, somber and menacing as the spirit of Christmas will still come. <br /> <br /> David Warner reaches the right mark with his Bob Cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that fits well with the quality standard set by Scott's Scrooge and Susannah York as well as Mrs. Cratchit. The real gem to be found here, however, is the performance of the young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; is sincere without ever becoming slick, and simply one of the best interpretations - and the most real - ever presented in the movies. The supporting cast includes Roger Rees (Carole Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). An impeccable presentation, this version of 'A Christmas Carol' sets the standard against which all others should be measured; no matter how many versions you have seen, watching this is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, whenever you think of Scrooge, the image your mind will evoke will be that of George C. Scott. A thoroughly entertaining and rewarding experience, this movie requires a place in the annual schedule of the holiday festivities of each house. I rate this a 10/10.
