Wow ... I mean, WOW, this has to be one of the best stories I've ever had a chance to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, will train in the Forbidden Cursed Fountains and while ignoring their warnings, both fall in a spring each. The father, Genma, the spring of the drowned Panda. And 16-year-old Ranma, the girl's spring drowned. Now, with every drop of ice water, they become the very being called for the spring they landed on. Crazy enough yet? No, this is just the beginning. As if he were one of the strongest teenagers ever to become a woman was not enough, Ranma has to deal with crazed martial arts teachers and hundreds of insane art styles, an insane middle school principle, right and left opponents who have one To solve the problem with Ranma, would be to disrupt their lives in some way or to "steal" their loved ones. And speaking of loved ones, I lost track of how many times a boy or a girl fell in love with Ranma. And not once was he his bride, Akane. And that's only in the first chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is incredible. I've never met something so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... out of this world and yet so low on Earth and believable ... I can not even describe it to the fullest. It's just a lovely story that's so easy to get into. What I like about it is humor. Not once did I laugh too loud of a manga, and he did not have to try any of the tricks you'd pick up on Simpson or anything. I could read any part of the comic book and would be laughing from beginning to end. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you'd think that doing it too hard would be a setback, but nooo ... with every little problem that story throws at him he's doing his best just to survive half the time and his personality is that of a foolish boy who it would seem, but when the worst happens, he can be a calculating genius. And to think about the hundreds of perverts on the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverting everyone together, is considered by everyone in his city, and even more so by Akane, the worst pervert he's ever lived. Your father Genma, you would think that the father character would mix in the right background? Correct! But whenever he has some spotlight ... it just gives him more reasons to hate him and at the same time love him! Do you think you know the worst father of an anime? You did not know Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest rivals and my favorite character (alongside Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he really can handle. Probably the strongest character in the series, but he has two flaws, one is his curse that turns him into a little pig, but his worst failure ... is the lack of sense of direction! So we have ... you know, I could spend hours on the computer explaining all the characters, the story, all positive, but that would be useless. <br /> <br /> Check out the series if you do not have it NOW! You will not regret! Although I advise to check the comic first. I like the anime, but I had some problems getting the series for a good price. And a small detail, the humor does not seem to translate as much in the anime as in the manga. I think partly because the comic book looks more caricatured to me. But anyway, it's a win! 10 out of 10!
