admittedly, I first took Ranma 1/2 when he was about twelve. I was in the library and searched desperately for something good to read. So I went to the Comic / Manga section and saw this book. In my first readings through the chapters I did not really know what was going on, but I knew I LOVED it. I even took it home for a few more readings. Frankly, I was getting nowhere. And then, about five months (I'm 16) behind, my friend was watching some anime series and I remembered about this manga. I could not remember what was called, but I remembered that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, creator of Inu Yasha. I researched Google and made a rash decision to watch all 161 episodes. At first I was a little taken aback by the 1990s graphics, but that did not matter in the end. No anime made me laugh so hard and rewind, watch again. I once watched 45 consecutive episodes in a day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - as crazy as it may seem - to watch Ranma. I've never found such a nice series, so funny and so comforting to watch. To date, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied. Of course the end of the cliffhanger was enough to drive me crazy, but the series alone was enough to make me keep reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. Intense martial artists. They are so intense that they went to the old training camps in China and became 'cursed'. The grounds were filled with different pools of springs, and if you land on one, you take the form of everything drowned when soaked in cold water. To Genma, this was a PANDA, and to Ranma that was a ... girl! It's a very funny and loving story. In addition, Genma promises to his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep alive the dojo of Tendo. Of course the one with whom he is compared hates his gut and his mutual feelings. Obviously, they start liking each other, but both are stubborn to admit it. But ... Genma has a history of doing that. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's humorous, exciting and all incredible.
