First things first, Edison Chen did a fantastic and believable job as a Cambodian cowboy, born and raised in dumpsters and a ring of gladiators, where he perfected his craft of wild drums to survive, living from the mantra of killing or killing. be killed. In a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing, probably what should have been in the Jet Li Danny the Dog vehicle where a man is created for the sole purpose of fighting, and on someone else's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, the much talked about bare fighting sequences are not stylistically choreographed but conceived as normal, brutal fights where it all happens. This has probably brought a sense of realism and courage when you see the characters sneaking into each other's throats, defending their own lives while taking it from others. It is a dark, dark and somber film, literally and figuratively, and this sets it apart from the usual production of police films. <br /> <br /> Edison makes a Cambodian rental pistol, which becomes a fugitive in Hong Kong, fleeing the police when his truck went wrong. Leading the chase is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to deal with independent member Inspector Ti (Sam Lee) whose inclusion and acceptance in the team has to do with his father's sins. So begins a game of cat and mouse in the dark shadows and shadows of the sordid side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on several levels, especially in the character studies of the target man, and the cop. On opposite sides of the law, we see within each character not the black and white, but the shades of gray. With the killer, we see his loving side as he engages and developed feelings of love for a girl (Pei Pei), bringing a sense of maturity, tenderness and revealing a golden heart. The police officer, with questionable tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how someone doubles when they are willing to do anything to get the job done. There are many interesting moments of moral questioning, about how anti-hero and despicable strategies are adopted. You will ask, what does a man do, and what does a beast do, and if we tend to change sides depending on circumstances - we have that dark inner trait in all of us, turning man to dog, and dog to men? Dog Bite Dog grabs you from the beginning and never lets go until the end, although there are points in the middle that seemed to drag, especially in your moments of tenderness, and also suffered from not knowing when to end. If I should choose a favorite scene, then it must be the only one in the food market - extremely well controlled and delivered, a suspense advantage from its seat. Listen to the music score too, and you're not dreaming if you hear dog growls. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost everything from the police genre.
