Although far from my expectations, I was completely impressed with Dog Bite Dog. I rented it without knowing much about it, but I essentially expected it to be a martial arts / action movie in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, of which I am a dedicated fan. I ended up getting something totally different, which is not bad at all. Although the film can be classified as such, and there are definitely good action and melee scenes in the film, it's definitely not the main focus. His characters are infinitely more important to the film than his fights, something quite unusual in many Hong Kong action films. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the complexity of the characters' characters and relationships in the movie. The main character, played by Edison Chen (which is actually very good), becomes infinitely more complex at the end of the movie than I ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. The police figures also defied my expectations. In fact, the austere and honest portrayal of the rare black side of the police force was quite possible, my favorite aspect of the film. I do not know that I would say that Dog Bite Dog entirely subverts the typical notions of a bad criminal, a good cop, but certainly distorts them in ways that are not often seen in the film (unfortunately). So many movies, especially Hong Kong action movies that I think, portray the police in what is frankly a light idealized in an ignorant way. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Dog Dog really had some very original ideas and really quite brave to present about the police force. There are negotiation scenes in this movie that I've never seen before, and I doubt I'll ever see it again, and I'm sure I'll remember for a long time. In addition, criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective, there are some documentary footage in the film of Cambodian boys with only ten years being made to fight each other to death with their own hands, which I thought was one of the moments most powerful and thrilling film. That says a lot about why these guys are as they are, rather than simply condemning them. In addition, the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the garbage dump reveals a lot about his character. It was not until this element entered the film that I actually began to see the film as an emotional rather than just visceral experience. There is something about most of the relationships on the screen that does not come to me, but for some reason, this actually happened. The actress does an incredible job with this role that I imagine is not easy to play. <br /> <br /> The Dog Bite Dog also features a really breathtaking cinematography, though unfortunately it is quite uneven. There were some moments that I found really impressive, particularly in the last segment of the movie, but there was also a good deal of camera work that was fine. Another small problem I had was with the rhythm, which I also felt uneven. I found a lot of "looking for a boat" scenes a bit alienating, although he quickly picked up after that. The action scenes are short and not very plentiful but are truly powerful and effective, particularly in the end. The choreography of the fight, honestly, is not that impressive for the most part, though, to its credit, it's solid and quite realistic, but true strength is the emotional content behind the fights. The final scene, while not a martial art marvel or fighting choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights I have ever seen, and I have seen several martial arts films. <br /> <br /> I suppose. The biggest determining factor of whether or not one is going to get too out of the Dog Bite is whether or not you can connect with the characters. All of them are certainly some of the most flawed characters one can see in a movie of any kind, but there was something very human in them all that I could not help but be drawn to and really feel for them, particularly Chen's Girlfriend. I must say I doubt most people like the movie as much as I do simply because I imagine most people will not like it or care about the characters in the same way, but I still highly recommend it anyway. It's really a deeply touching and effective film if you give it a chance.
