I have to be direct - I have not seen a film as solid as DOG BITE DOG in quite a while. I'm a big fan of CATIII movies from the late 1980s through the mid-1990s, and I was hearing that this "style" of movies is making a bit of a comeback with movies like that, and Herman Yau's GONG TAU , so far, I have not seen it yet), so I was very interested in giving some of these newer waves of CATIII movies a try. Did this movie live up to my expectations? Absolutely - but not exactly the way I imagined it. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young, animalistic, ingenious and virtually unstoppable Thai young man with a somewhat vague history coming to Hong Kong to complete a "mission." Due to a bit of bad luck, he is quickly identified by a grumpy copy (which exudes many of the same qualities as our gunslinger), and is quickly seized and captured. This state of affairs does not last long, as the nameless killer escapes his captors and quickly shows the local police that he should not be taken seriously. The hunt continues, and a game of cat and mouse between the police and the "crazy dog" (as the police refers to him) follows. Along the way, Mad Dog is inadvertently the friend of a slow young woman, and a bond forms between the two when she helps him out of a complicated situation. The stakes continue to rise, as Mad Dog's only goal is to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand by all means necessary, and the police continue to try to bring him alive ... <br /> <br /> I could probably write ten paragraphs about this complex and completely layered movie, but I do not want to reveal too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG without knowing anything about the premise, and I think it's the kind of movie that is definitely best enjoyed that way. As for the comparisons with the old style CATIII films ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of "good old days," but it's never as sleazy or dirty as old school stuff like THE UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. Where many of the intentions of the older CATIII films were to "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more elaborate and well-crafted production (although this does not take away any of the CATIII movies I so much care about. "emotional" than explorer, and as we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to relate to and identify with both sides. There really are no "good" and "bad guys" as Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and cops lean towards extremely unorthodox methods to try to complete the killer. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of the older CATIII movies.I personally would compare the DOG BITE DOG with the SYMPATHY FOR MR VENGEANCE or perhaps PANG's brother PERIGEROUS BANGKOK, as both films blended extremely emotional nuances with strong and inflexible action and violence. Nothing I did not like about this movie. The acting is inoperative, the cinematography is sharp and well made, and the whole film cleverly mixes several different elements successfully in a way that is not seen very often. It is this film (and others like it ...) the "rebirth" of the movie CATIII - not exactly - but it is a very solid film that is worth checking out ... 9/10
