Those individuals familiar with Asian cinema as a whole are aware that Japan is famous, or notorious, for their hyper-violent films, and Korea is now gaining a reputation for cruelly brutal films. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily becoming as hyper-violent as the craziest Miike movie, nor as brutally remorseless as some of Korea's more ambitious efforts, is a perfect match between the two with its own brand of brutality. The greatest strength of this film, however, as the greatest of Japanese or Korean efforts, is that brutality, rather than harming the film, actually develops the characters, if not, taking the story forward. The two main characters are incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivations and emotional base to be so. Sam Lee's character, for example, has been on the edge from the start and, slowly and surely, amid various encounters with Chang's character, is revealed why he is. Without ruining this part of the story, it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father. Chang's character, on the other hand, has his primary instincts improved, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, the arc of Chang's story, while not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals a side of our animal nature that many forget about what is the natural ability to recognize a broken animal (and not I'm not talking about Sam Lee, Pei Pei Garbage Girl Character). However, in the first 80 minutes, it is a more or less direct cat or mouse, or Dog chase Dog, movie in which each encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square out, somebody will die) and the fun part of the movie is that you never know who will commit the act. Which brings us to the weakness of the film. Unforunatley to deepen would be yet another spoiler, but for the sake of simplicity, it is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film ever since instead of letting the point be done as it is 80 minutes in the film, the film goes for another 20 minutes or more to emphasize even more. Do not get me wrong, if it transitions better from the 80 minute mark to the climax and if the final act was not filled with sweet music (in fact, if he, like most of the movie, kept the music to a minimum and minimum let the disturbing sound effects do their job), it still could have worked and not harmed the movie. However, although the third act was the cruelest and most bloody of the encounters, the way he was treated made him appear stuck and almost insult the intelligence of viewers, since he felt he had to go so far. However, it is still a breath of fresh air in Hong Kong cinema, as even the bloodiest of martial arts films never reaches the level of cruelty and brutality, keeping the character's bows in tact.
