WOW. If you think a movie can not fatigue in any way, then you have not seen the Dog Bite Dog. This film does not make any punches and does not avoid showing very disturbing images. Much like Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's brave, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever to come out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is much more of the same, but do not continue. thinking it's unbelievably cliché. Basically it's about a disturbing and obsessive detective in a cat-and-mouse game against a professional and emotionless killer. Although the script does not offer anything new on the surface, it provides many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a 5-year-old child, without pain, without remorse? In turn, we humans act no less than rabid dogs when blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. It is a topic that the director brilliantly explores, without being limited to all. In addition to the cat and mouse chase, the script also develops two separate story lines for the main characters. One is about love and the other is about redemption. Even though the script is not new, it is still wonderfully written and keeps you glued to the seat at all times. <br /> <br /> The acting is very, very good. Edison Chen as Hitman is incredible; he proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, vile and beyond sympathetic. Sam Lee as the obsessed cop is also excellent. The support cast, in short, is excellent. The music also deserves to be mentioned. Much of Ben Cheung's somber score, with some effective light-hearted songs played in key dark moments in the movie. Yuen Man's cinematography is also very good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Very well paced, incredibly represented, wonderfully marked and very good at the end of it all. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence then you should stay away from this. If you do not like to see a lot of negativity in the movie then this is not for you either. In the end, a power movie, 8/10.
