It is remarkable and most commendable that writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and most used film narratives! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically not much more than the simple story of a solitary copper obsessively pursuing a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest by being extremely violent and relentless. This is undoubtedly one of the grittiest and most uncompromising films I have ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come straight from hell! Not even the portions of Chan-Wook Park's revenge trilogy (with the exception of "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other infamous Cat-III movie ever released were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events described in Dog Bite Dog. Pang is a young, ruthless Cambodian assassin who lands on the bustling streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of an eminent judge at a restaurant. When police arrive, young Wai officer sees Pang hurrying off the scene and follows. The first real confrontation between the two rabid dogs results in a gigantic bloodbath, as Pang mercilessly kills several hostages and even Wai's longtime friend and colleague. From then on, an exciting cat-and-mouse game begins between the frustrated cop and the professional killer. The latter also saves a young woman from her father's constant sexual abuse and stays with her in her shed at the local dump. What makes this action / suspense routine so fascinating (apart from explicit violence) are the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, the killer, is an orphan from Cambodia and has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy, and hardly speaks a word. Wai, the police officer, has become particularly relentless and unorthodox since his father (also a police officer) finds himself in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; He yells at them and is prepared to sacrifice everything in order to stop his new enemy. People with a weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this film because the cruelty and shocks that appear in "Dog Bite Dog" can easily cause nausea. It's not the kind of violence in which bloody heads and severed limbs fly through the air, but more like the intense and absolutely disturbing type where people try to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The filming locations are actually dark and sinister, and the extremely sober music makes the film's already distressing tone even more scary. The performances are great! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other as enemies on the set as well, because their hatred and disgust on the screen seem a bit too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can handle it. If you're afraid of not being able to, wait a few years for the inevitable American remake that will undoubtedly soften the premise a bit.
