Finally we have before us a Category III movie for the summer season of 2006. Made of equal parts of cruelty, crime and passion, Dog Bite Dog benefits not only from an adequate title but also from a flexible, superb filmmaking direction and respectable performances of those most involved. Of course there has to be a problem, manifested here in the form of several glaring incoherencies, but everyone said that DBD represents the mature spirit that we would like to see more in the HK mainstream. <br /> <br /> marks the announced return of Edison Chen, long absent since the initial disaster of D a year ago. Chen's reserved machismo works wonders for the film, but it would have been difficult without Sam Lee, whose ability to switch between physical comedy (Crazy 'N' the City, No Problem 2) and lunatic threat culminated in the stronger role we see of him from Made in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> Together, the duo makes Dog Bite Dog, and we hope Edison will have an easier break from now on: his touch has transformed Princess D's projects into the Infernal Affairs saga, and he remains a rare occurrence. <br /> <br /> Especially when starting out, DBD shows some mesmerizing images, doing beautiful tricks with light, shadow and perspective. The soundtrack stimulates this atmospheric effect, increasing the overall unreal mood of the film. Much of the resulting combination probably has to do with writer Matt Chow, formerly involved in three equally horrible Extremes. Dog Bite Dog retains many remembered traits of that horror project, that is, degraded urban landscapes and a pervasive air of something scary lurking around the corner. <br /> <br /> Rest assured, however, this is not a horror movie, instead a path trodden before by the classic One Nite in Mongkok, albeit from a more perverse angle. Replacing the reluctant killer character of Daniel Wu, we have Edison, playing an unnamed killing machine from the underworld of Cambodia. Sent as Hong Kong to execute a single target, the quasi-silent killer takes care of business immediately upon arrival, a scary process described courtesy of the film's brilliant visuals. <br /> <br /> Although he was weaned from childhood to become a professional killer, Edison's wild homonym dog still has human weaknesses and leaves traces, picked up by a CID team sent to investigate. This set features a fine appearance by loyal member Lam Suet mafia, and good support from TV star Wayne Lai. However, Sam Lee's renegade officer, Wai, leads the onslaught, proving to be a highly disturbed but excellent cop individual, however. We gradually learn that Wai's internal conflict stems from his father's history of police corruption, evoking demons at hand in the relentless pursuit that follows. <br /> <br /> A small count of bodies transpires, as Edison seems to consider taking prisoners as no-no. . There is quite a bit of violence in the store, even though blood per se seems subdued in some places, and adult language only makes a symbolic appearance. Again, no nudity, leading anyone to complete Cat III's is being delivered these days in a hurry. Still, DBD is a relatively mature theatrical release, and we applaud its arrival. Between combats, stabbing, hacking and shooting, even a career killer needs a bit of romance, and just as Daniel Wu had Cecilia Cheung in One Nite, the intrepid Mr. Chen gets one love, done beautifully by the newcomer Pei Pei. His unnamed character (very anonymous in this) finds Edison in a strangely deserted embankment, abused by his father to the point of repulsive madness and desire to escape. When the killer leaves HK, he agrees to take her with him, and they run together, loving to flourish on the way. While the film does not remain in love affairs, our hearts go to the tragic character of Pei Pei and his endless suffering. It makes the protagonist shy but brave incredibly well, establishing that there is no good or bad here, evidenced by the highly disappointing ending. Director Cheang Soi's portfolio includes the thriller thriller Home Sweet Home and Love Battlefield with Eason Chan, two numbers likely to be outdone in most of the reports by the sinister behavior of Dog Dog Bite. Cheang manages to keep DBD flowing everywhere, and considering the many parts at stake here, faces critical standards raised by people like Johnny To in his epic nightly The Mission. A couple of flaws arise, namely, Edison miraculously shrugging with a shot in the chest, but these are highly forgivable. Bringing triumphant returns to two young, talented artists of the kind that Hong Kong needs if we want the city's cinema heyday to return, Dog Bite Dog does not stand out in history. His forte is in strong portraits and style, driven by dramatic muscle strength and a keen eye for visual and auditory subtlety. <br /> <br /> HK has a long and honored tradition of stories related to the city's nocturnal alter-ego, something Dog Dog Bite defends with love, worth a solid run, if not a definitive masterpiece . Rating: * * * *
