Most critics say that this is the weakest point of Hamilton's short film career. This movie is a bit different from the rest, and considering that the best or the worst depends on what you expect from a movie, and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you might be slightly surprised. While Bilitis looks like her books in a movement with all those girls discovering and relating on the edge of the lesbian, with a plot connecting these scenes, Laura concentrates on a few characters that allows them to develop relationships between them (male-female, model), but although we see beautiful photos, many of them better than average, their number is reduced due to the plot. Tendres cousines is different from both, it's just the Hamilton movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. Because of this, it may be acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans, looking like an erotic comedy (but not the German soft-core type - "Schulmädchen report" fans would be disappointed). You will not laugh much, but you can smile (and this is something you do not usually get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the woman's age varies. Unlike other movies, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual works, this is not put out of place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny and do not just take us from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with a script. in his hands. Girls on the beaches, under the shower, in low-light rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothing - this is his territory, he can shoot minutes and hours, and what he does you always feel the artist's eye and hand behind him. But when he has to introduce us to normal everyday life, he stops being Hamilton and becomes a middle-level director who just follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are only a part of his job. And in Tendres cousines we have the opposite situation: their girls do not have the best pictures. Nature, garden, home remind us of the work of Hamilton (often neglected part of it), while girls, even when naked, have nothing special in the way he introduces us. Maybe Hamilton was confused with a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking of a line that censorship would accept, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and no one dared tell him he should not), but he neglected he was most praised.
