I like the artistic photographs of David Hamilton of naked women on the frontier of femininity, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. Someone also liked them, because my books by David Hamilton were stolen. In one book were seen some pictures of a boy, obviously naked, intimate of a young girl older than him, also naked. Although discreet, there was strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton who proved to be either stills from the movie Tendres Cousines or maybe photos taken on set. <br /> <br /> The art of photography still unfortunately does not automatically translate to cinematography. The soft focus becomes out of focus and the discrete angles become confused, perhaps because, in motion, they can not be considered. You can see or lose and there is no time to observe, to understand. The film is supposed to be a farce, and funny things happen, but they do not "fit", perhaps because the story unfolds so slowly and one can imagine what is happening. Eventually, Julien, 14, has sex with her cousin, but it is a soft core with no genital contact shown on the camera. Since it is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and a shame caught in the gag of the act and, after picking them up, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. To be fair, the film is in French and conforms to the French cinematographic forms, which can be very subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles to help us in the Philippines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this movie is childish. pornography and that certainly results from the climate of today, where the sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to endorse or seem to endorse child sexual abuse, so there is virtually no room for children to be seen even in the mildest erotic context without immediately triggering alarms on violence and sexual exploitation. The guys will think "Lucky Julien!" even when they agree that sex and children in the movies is a "bad thing", all the while still wishing to have been a Julien at that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all these considerations must be pushed out of the conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic and issues of children and sex are strictly avoided. Too bad, since sexual arousal is a real human experience. After all, children grow up to become sexual beings as Julien does. It is a proper literary subject, cinema included, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I believe, was taking the risk of making a movie about this subject even in 1980. He was somewhat successful in exploring this sensitive subject, and unfortunately it is unlikely that we will see better in the near future by fear of the movie. child pornography label.
