This was a really fun movie and I really enjoyed it, I usually do not rent movies like these (ie, indie movies) however, I was drawn to the movie because it had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I loved since the trilogy Shout. The director of the film risked (and is a risky venture) to tell the lives of many (and I mean MANY) different people and get entwined at various intervals. Taking that risk was a good idea because the end result is an extremely good movie. <br /> <br /> The movie has some major characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - a disgruntled fortune writer whose relationship with his girlfriend is in trouble because of an argument. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - an airplane / technician charger who has a love for all living things (except perhaps maids) and who, despite his good heart, has an increasing amount of bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop who is a germaphobe and because of his fear of germs puts his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), who he is convinced is trying; stop it, have fun, look ridiculous, go crazy and do not live a normal life. They begin to have petty and almost crazy arguments and Olive begins to have doubts about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life is not going very well, as bad things start to add up in his life, he decides to take it in hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and that they are destined for each other, although she is more skeptical. He tries to conquer her every chance he gets and he certainly makes attempts! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job and has doubts about his role as a provider, he accepts another job for which he is not suitable. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is consoling her job loss experience until she discovers that Johnston was not the loving husband she thought she was. <br /> <br /> I definitely suggest this movie! <br /> -Erica
