The only reason I'm giving grade 9 is that the other actors who played Tadashi's executioners were not up to work. I presume they were just boys who were of the right age and were useful, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were a little annoyance. <br /> <br /> I say do not judge it by US standards because it is full of ambiguities and the kinds of misconceptions that Japanese culture readily embraces, and is not in debt to the moral restraints of the black hat / white hat. 'movies are routinely subject to. For example, there is a most precious moment when the small group of Tadashi yokai companions are abandoned and abandoned by the other yokai, and Shojo - Kirin's leading herald - does what many stressed Japanese adults would do. Hint: this would not happen in a Disney movie. This photo also has the best beer product placement you've ever seen in a children's movie. <br /> <br /> Right at the beginning, there's a time when a schoolteacher slaps some bullies on the head with her presence book. There was a TV commercial in Japan a few years before the movie was released. It was a stop motion clay animation about a child who is depressed and playing guitar and singing the blues in his bedroom. His mother yells at him from downstairs to shut up. Then someone gives him a bar of chocolate and he cheers up and sings a happy tune, but his mother comes in and tells him to shut up again and gives him a slap that leaves a mark on his forehead. I mention this commercial because it was considered funny, and I did not hear any objections to it while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen in "The Great Yokai War" than one would find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if this was a US film, I would be angry at these things, though not necessarily with the moral lessons taken at the end of the photo, which, of course, are also not in black and white. As it is a Japanese film, I accept that these cultural norms allow images that would not go beyond the standards and practices of the police in a US production. However, I would probably get a little uncomfortable in getting the youngsters to watch them without giving them some sort of pre-show briefing and / or post-show testimony about violence and other obscure things, or I would wait until they are older to show them.
