Last night I had the pleasure of watching the BUG movie at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real treat. The directors were there and did a Q & A later. The movie begins with a boy breaking a cockroach under his foot, a man who is nearby parking his car, sees the boy crush him and runs to ask the child 'why? because? Did he have to kill that living creature? in his race to advise youth in the error of his ways, man fails to pay his parking meter, which starts from a whole chain of events involving people who are not at all related to him, some funny, some sad and some ridiculous. This movie has lots of laughs, a lot! and there are many actors you will recognize. Jamie Kennedy (from her comedy show Jamie Kennedy Experiment, playing a fortune cookie writer; John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's brother on Drew Carey's show) plays the lead actor in the film for me. A coy guy who can not get it right, Brian Cox (the original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) is the germaphobic owner of a Donut and Chinese Food Take Out. There is a line where Cox tells his chef to wash away a few pigs of blood. on the sidewalk saying "wipe death," which is pretty funny mainly because of Cox's "germ-obsessed" delivery. The funniest moment of the movie comes when a boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier in the day yell ' MotherF ***** 'while in the classroom. An extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (herself Mrs. Sting) and another actor make a scene at a cable access show, from the movie The Kid in the plastic bubble The actor who hosts the cable access show is simply amazing, he's so serious and unimpressive and his performance as the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble is fascinating. There are many other fine and funny actors and actresses in this movie, and having filmed in less than a month on a budget of only $ 1 million, directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are writing writers, having written crazy / cute and the next Tuxedo, starring Jackie Chan) have achieved a movie that is great, funny and captivating.
