Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and deservedly so, so I'm happy to see any of their movies. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is approaching the completion of his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweepers who come in to do their job, and very quickly Ollie wants to get away from Stan making mistakes. Ollie goes up to the roof to help with the other end of the bush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room ends up pushing him back into the attic. After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, the wall and of course, fires the brush. Stan climbs up to take a look, and Ollie, standing in the attic door of the roof, falls into the stove. Stan asks if he was hurt, and Ollie responds only with "I have nothing to say". Ollie returns to the roof, and he and Stan end up pulling and pulling fists ending in Ollie falling and destroying the chimney. Ollie, without a hat, on the hearth is hit in the head by many bricks coming down, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with ashes of chimney smoke, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The boys decide to clear the mess, and when Stan rips the rug with the shovel, Ollie asks "You can not do anything right," and Stan replies "I have nothing to say," getting the shovel hit in his head. While Ollie holds a bag for Stan to dig the ashes, they get distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ashes end up in Ollie's pants, so Stan picks up another shovel in the head. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and does a final test on a duck, with a drop in a water tank, turning him into a duckling. He also shows the boys their success, turning the duckling into an egg, and then he proposes to use a human subject, that is, his steward. While he's away, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up being knocked over by Stan in the water tank with all the formula. In the end, what was once Ollie leaves, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, all of Ollie's monkey says "I have nothing to say," and Stan whimpers. Filled with wonderful pasty and all the classic comedy you could want from a black and white movie, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 in Comedian Comedians. Very good!
