This is an unusual Laurel and Hardy comedy with something of a split personality: sometimes it seems like two movies made in different styles spliced ​​into a single short. Luckily, each portion is funny on its own, and the seemingly effortless clowning of the kids loads the day and synthesizes the disparate elements of the movie into a fun whole. Although I've never heard a fan mention DIRTY WORK as his favorite comedy of Laurel and Hardy, it's something that everyone seems to like. <br /> <br /> Our story takes place in Professor Noodle's house, which represents a key element of the plot: a wildly exaggerated parody of the Mad Scientist scenarios. This marks a rare venture in science fiction territory for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges ran into crazy doctors far more often than Stan & Ollie. Either way, the teacher is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while their sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with his eyes turned and with the occasional dry joke. Meanwhile, Stan and Ollie are chimney sweepers who show up at the teacher's house the same day he perfects his solution. "His" part of the film consists of characteristic (but first-class) slapstick involving the chimney, the roof, shovels and a host of unfortunate misfortunes. If you do not like watching these guys ruin a task, then you probably will not like DIRTY WORK, but for team fans, this movie is a party. The highlight comes as Ollie dives through the chimney, lands on the fireplace and is then struck with bricks falling over his head with a maddening rhythmic precision one by one. I also like Ollie shooting down from the roof in a greenhouse; the work of the process is so careless that I suspect it was something of an internal joke, just like W.C. Fields' films would present the worst rear projection screens in the world. <br /> <br /> The slapstick is a lot of fun, but it's the crazy scientist's motive that makes this movie unprecedented, and two supporting players deserve a hint from the player. hat: prolific character actor Lucien Littlefield is great as the teacher, delivering his mature lines with pleasure and clucking with joy, while Sam Adams is a point in the less showy role of Jessup, the butler. As much as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were at their peak, it's always good to note that their castings at Hal Roach Studio gave their movies a huge boost. So too, generally the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK marks a rare occasion of this period that a comedy Roach has no musical accompaniment after the opening credits. Humor music may have improved procedures, but it does not matter; this is a highly entertaining comedy, anyway, and a prime example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in their day.
