I found this film for the first time when I was looking for some work in which Stéphane Rideau had participated, still in an extraordinary farce caused by the surprisingly beautiful Les roseaux sauvages, by André Téchiné. I was looking for similar movies in the old line. I then met "Presque Rien," a film where director Sébastien Lifshitz delightfully surprises us, winning an appointment for the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two guys, the boy next door type, Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meets during the summer holidays. In a land far from where he lives, Mathieu spends days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he initiates this revealing and summer relationship, much through the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives his characters (in Les roseaux sauvages, 6 years younger, he still preserves innocence of the sweet seductive, maturing here in the experience). Exemplary in the direction, in the love sequence, of the intimate and confessing description that is made about the boys who face their (still ambiguous) sexuality and their great love. The first love, in its terrible progression-ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: fervent passion, hot and excited rationalism, brownish beauty, simple and natural acceptance by families, though not without surprise and first anger. Still, there is the beach, the lightness, the lightness and simplicity of summer, the freshness of the breeze, the melody of the wave and the expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaïm (hesitant, hurt, intrigued, passionate). Sex is not avoided or exploited, it is treated as it is, without exhibitionist intention. By virtue of pure talent, this is a work of uncommon quality drama, without cheap sentimentality, showing an inevitably real image of two homosexuals in their early youth as any ordinary person, albeit with a social fear of rejection and shame. It is worth seeing, especially by those who love French films (although the DVD cover is very lame, with two actors among dozens of stars, smeared with brillantine). A movie witch, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
