I agree that the film is a bit slow in some places, taking many scenes from everyday life and without dialogue. And I was not impressed right after watching it. However, after a few days, I realized that the film stays with me and evokes a moody mood that lingers in my mind. My appreciation for this movie increases. It certainly deserves a higher consideration than films that are instantly forgettable. <br /> <br /> As many have already commented, the film is not linear and this is a hallmark feature of European cinema, as opposed to the linear narrative form that Hollywood Favors. I really do not know if it's true or not. Many also dislike its confusing structure and the lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I do not think there's much I can say to change their opinions. However, for others who have not yet seen the film, expect to be challenged and DO NOT expect the film to provide all the answers and you may come out liking it more than you would otherwise. <br /> <br /> The movie skips a bit, but actually only records 3 periods of time. Pay attention to the hair style and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. Nor is it as confusing as suggested; just enjoy it and everything will be clear in the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things are not said or shown, and many situations are left unexplored. But is not this how life is? Long time you are unsure of the motives of your friends / loved ones, unless you face them, and even then you will never be 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This kind of movie compels us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. The film, however, leaves enough tips for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic depressive, to the point of suicide. Because? I do not know, maybe his life is not coming off exactly as he expects; perhaps he misses his family, but did not forgive his father for abandoning his sick mother in her hours of need; perhaps after all he sacrifices for Cedric, rearranging and, indeed, breaking his life to be with him, he realizes that everything is "broken". I think the director wanted to show us that he was always a bit off, fragile mentality for that scene with the dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all those stresses affect him. But it is also shown that he is not a psychopath who tortures animals by their loving interaction with the lost cat. In addition, there is a conversation between the doctor and Cedric that clarifies the reason behind the breakup and perhaps the attempted suicide. The doctor asks if it's okay, and Cedric thinks so, although he betrayed Mathieu once, but that's nothing, according to Cedric. That's the only reason, we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed together. Is it fundamental that we know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this movie. Another telltale sign that they are not compatible is the scene of the historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric is not. He is the only one with the furious hormone that focuses only on the physical side without an intellectual side that Mathieu obviously needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the ending is actually quite hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised at the turn of events after the sombre tone approaching the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound. It is very soft. I had to turn up the volume to hear the dialogue and then when he switched to a bar or outdoor crowd scene, it became very loud. The other is that subtitles can not be turned off; they stay on the screen. Most DVDs of foreign films not released by a large studio are, unfortunately, that way.
