'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is an earlier work by naïvely talented screenwriter / director Sébastien Lifshitz (with the collaboration of writer Stéphane Bouquet - the team that gave us the later 'Wild Side'). As we come to understand the storytelling of Lifshitz, each of his works becomes more precious. By allowing your tender and sensitive love stories to unfold in the same random way found in confused and unsafe minds - time now, past time, reflective time, imagined time, time alone - Lifshitz makes your stories more personal, engaging the viewer with everyone aspects of the characters' responses. It takes a bit of work to introduce your method, but following through with your technique draws us deeply into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (handsome and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) is visiting the seashore for a holiday. to allow her mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight with her undefined illness, cared for by the worldly and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): her distant father remained at home for commercial reasons. Weaving in and out of the first moments of the movie are pictures of Mathieu alone, looking depressed, riding a train, talking to someone on a small tape recorder. We wonder if the action that unfolds is all memory or contemporary action. As he sunbathers on the beach, Mathieu realizes that a handsome young man of his age torments him, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions trembling with confusion. Young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister home, continuing the mystery of the attraction. Soon Cédric approaches Mathieu and a gentle introduction leads to a kiss that begins a passionate love obsession. Mathieu is terrified of the direction he is taking, rebuffs Cédric's public approaches, but continues to look for him on consignments. The two young men are totally in the prime of being in love and the promulgation of the physical aspect of this relationship, so necessary to understand this story, is shared with the public in some very erotic and sensual scenes. However, as summer uses in Mathieu, a committed student, he realizes that Cédric is a hobo working at a condiment stand at a carnival. It is clear that Cédric is the Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is the Apollonian: in a historic moment of architectural ruin, Mathieu is animated by the beauty of history and space, while Cédric is only interested in the place as a new refuge for the sexual act Mathieu is a complex person, dealing with his family bonds forced by critical illness and a father not present, a fear of his growing sexuality and his nascent passion by Cédric. Their moments of joy are interrupted by Cédric's admission of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with this issue and eventually they separate. Time passes, family changes are made and Mathieu goes into depression, including an attempted suicide. The way Mathieu handles all these challenges and finds solace, incredible as it may seem, in one of Cédric's past lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund) takes the film to an ambiguous but successful climax. After seeing In the movie, the feeling of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning, now with the knowledge of the complete story, is powerful. Lifshitz gave us a meditation film with passion, conflicts with the powers of passion found in love, and a silent film of silences and daydreams that are incomparably beautiful. The whole cast is superb and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is surely one of the bright lights of film production. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
