What an oddly wonderful fantasy, though sometimes light and bulky, big budget that is. Takashi Miike had already proven, by the time he arrived at the Great Yokhai War, that he could immerse himself in films other than his alleged crime / yakuza niche (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed this, the first major and the last minor). But here Miike, in his first and only co-screenwriting credit, proves that he can deliver the products into a postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it a lot of CGI, creature effects and makeup, and an epic battle that is more like a "festival" than something of the Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made everywhere, of course, and the most obvious to jump would be Miyazaki, for the seemingly unique mix of child-like- great-heroes, power-hungry sorcerers who seek the energy of the earth as the main source, machinery as the greatest evil, and many extravagantly defined, bizarrely drawn creatures (or title Yokai). But there can also be comparisons made to Star Wars, especially the Gungan battle in the TPM, and the whole game of power between good and evil with similar forces. Or for anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, for Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through the flaws or moments of excess, it is Miike all the way with the sensitivities of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, the prototypical boy who starts out naive and sensitive to the things of the world, but who will become the hero of a world that enters the darkness. The darkness is of an evil sorcerer, who receives his energy from all the rage and miserable vibrations in the human world, and who is also beginning to kill the spirits and other creatures, the Yokhai, in a fire that sends them gigantic robots that have only one mission - to destroy and kill anything in their ways. Tadashi is so bombed to fight against Sato, the sorcerer, as Yokai, who was once the main footman and cohort of Sato, Agi (Chiaki Kuriyama, another great villain) of Kill Bill steals the small furry companion of Tadashi, a Sunekosuri. Soon, things come to the fore, in a climax that brings to mind many other films and fantasy stories, but can only be restrained, to some extent, by Miike and his team. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for children, but on the direct note that it is not a fancy diluted in American circles. This has creatures in abundance, including an eye umbrella and a talking wall, not to mention a tortoise, a fire snake and a woman who was cursed by Sato. So the variety is high in this end, and one can almost feel like creatures and effects, which grows to unfathomable heights when the "festival" hits with the Yokai reaching hundreds of miles in scope. But there is also a sense of fantasy being strong in both light and darkness, and Sunekosuri becomes perhaps the greatest emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because it is a square cut); where else to get an angry audience than about a little furry ball of fury that ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> However, through all this, the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest points of Miike's career is here as well, which sets him apart from his animated colleagues, Muppet and sci-fi . There is the bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to the Akuzi bean at a crucial time in the climax, and more than a few flights of fantasy with creatures and fighting scenes (I loved, for example, the guy with the big head blue who has to make it smaller, or the anxious Yokai-turtle). The greatest danger with Miike's access to larger special effects and computer magic, with which he flirts, is an exaggeration in that regard. He has everything down, I'm sure, with storyboards, and he creates some memorable impressions with some compositions (one is when all is said and done, and Tadashi and the 'other' human character are in the middle of the Tokyo debris in an aerial shot), but the CGI is sometimes a little unconvincing with robots, and the interaction skirts are very flashy, and some visuals, such as the overlap of Yokai spreading the word about the big festival on the map, only seems weak and pat. I almost wondered if Miike could dive into (bad) Spy Kids territory, quite frankly. <br /> <br /> But, leaving aside that responsibility, The Great Yokai War offers more than a share of excitement, silly emotions and innocent melodrama. came with many of the best childhood fantasies. One owes much to the cinema, as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the bolts are always spinning even in their most ridiculous and confusing beats. It is not the filmmaker at his best, but working on experimentation in a commercial medium ends up working in his favor. There's a little message and a lot of legal adventure. 7.5 / 10
