A lot of people get caught up in this brand of movies as a "children's movie," and it certainly is, although it's a made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, particularly the infantile fantasy genre, as a stepping stone to the wilderness that is the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> The setting is simple: a boy is selected to play the "hero." in this annual festival of years, only to discover his role is much more real than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, capricious and often entertaining journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but hopefully there will also be a villain villain about who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not a mere demon, it is the demonic spirit of the accumulated resentment of those things that humans "use" and "rule out." Using a camera made of pure hate / liquid resentment, the villain transforms the vibrant and colorful Yokai spirits into improvised 10-foot-high robots that are used for coats and eyes like coals (those who played video games, Sonic The Hedghog , perhaps remember a certain Dr. Robotnik performing procedures similar to the cute and cuddly that Sonic had to then "free"). <br /> <br /> The hero in this movie is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the straight man, in A world suddenly went crazy. Although he passes the typical hero tests, he most often shrinks, like many of Yokia's own, who seem truly helpless against murderous robots, some spirits being umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or creatures whose purpose in the soul is count beans ... of course in this magical world of Miike's Yokai war, even the beans take on a magical power when you believe them. In many ways, this film subverts the normal conventions of childish fantasy, so few, if any, of the characters are heroic, their victory being a combination of chance, almost arbitrary faith, and a desire to celebrate. The Yokai spirits only gather and besiege the hideout of the villains, after confusing the end of the world invasion of the Earth to a great festival of Yokai, and even so only to dance and to celebrate. Also the film ends not with the usual celebratory ending well but with a final scene showing our hero years older with an adult work, now unable to see the Yokai spirits of his youth, who then discouragedly turn to the villain , that being a spirit can never really die. This ending, with the spirit of Yokai that is the image of Pokémon Pikachu, warns us not only to leave behind our childhood selves, but also to the horrors of excessive consumption. The villain is the resentment caused when humans have no more reverence for the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has some kind of spirit), and so when they are used and discarded like us in consumer societies we do without reverence, they become soulless vengeful machines, not unlike those seen in modern videogames, suggesting that although our imaginations and myths never actually die, they may deform. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has. I have contributed to, and I believe this shows, since there is a conceptual grip that is sometimes swept under the rug by its exuberance for visual amusement. Although I have mostly focused on the story (since many users here seem to write), I mean that visually it is a kaleidoscope of CGI, animation, costumes and live puppet theater which works remarkably well. There is a dreamlike quality in much of the film, and Miyazaki's comparisons are justifiable, as are the comparisons of NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, although this film is sharper and more adult than any of them. The Yokai are beaten, brutalized and transformed into machines of living hatred, which I believe even kill some humans, an aborted calf deformed with man's face is born and dies in the grotesque aperture of the films, while a sex stream, women with long neck licking the face of our hero boy, or other character persistent memory of touching the thigh of a young watery spirit sparsely dressed as a boy, seems to take a little too much for most Western tastes, especially when considering this is a "children's movie" . However, these are mild enough to capture adult attentions, although small enough, not to traumatize any child to evil. Grims fairy tales, before revisions, did much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> Everyone is one of Miikes's most accessible and engaging endeavors, with plenty of visual drama and great performances (Yokai spirits have a humanism and absurd humor for them, that's funny at times) to attracting audiences of all ages, and a strong conceptual bias strong enough to lure an adult audience who presumably brought their children or leave a nostalgic audience for the lost fantasy films of youth. The last group, the film, seems to address the most fervent, asking them not only to continue the passive consumption of the world around them, but to show reverence to those spirits within them who seemed much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original movie from an exciting director who did not come close to his apex. Classic snapshot.
