A fantastic show and an unrealized classic; The Gentlemen's League remains one of the greatest modern comedies of recent times. With a black and bizarre humor style that dominates the tired and stereotyped approach to its inferiority, yet, unfortunately, a much-recognized successor Little Britain, The Gentlemen's League was truly something special during a quite a quiet time in British comedy. Until the arrival on the scene, there has never been anything like the Gentlemen's League before. On the surface, a seemingly simplistic sketch, the show soon turns out to be a vivid, sinister, but incredibly hilarious, universe filled with brilliant comic creations. What really sets the show apart from its rivals is the storytelling approach. Instead of serving as re-hash sketches, almost indistinguishable from the next, we see each individual or group of characters going through their various journeys and story lines. No visit to them is the same, and every time they offer us a surprise. Little by little, over three sets and a Christmas special, the fictional town of Royston Vasey is full of a grotesque yet. population. And that's probably the main reason why the show is a joy to watch (and also why the show would easily merit more shows). Unlike other current shows like The Catherine Tate Show or more importantly, Little Britain, the League knows when a character has run its course and has the opportunity to deal with it. Several of the fan favorites, who could have been easily kept entertained, gave up before the series came to an end, giving room for other characters to grow larger, or allowing Royston Vasey's younger residents to be introduced to make their mark. <br /> <br /> Another thing that puts this show above the others is that the writing team approaches the script process with care and intelligence. As mentioned earlier, all four members of the League have a healthy mind when it comes to judging the longevity of their creations, and when it is time to give up certain characters. This awareness also means that the League of Gentlemen undergoes a daring evolution, usually not seen in a demonstration of this nature. The narrative directed, and the third darker series is a bold step from the first two series based on sketches, and this daring League movement really pays off. With the third series, there is less urgency for them to please the public, and like the Christmas special, they seek out individual stories with a clear narrative, unlike earlier sketched series that (successfully) linked several sets of sketches in the arc long story of a series. <br /> <br /> The third series is a refreshing change of style rhythm as well as a real treat for fans who have seen the first two. Despite some polarized third-grade views, any fan of the League will appreciate what the third series has to offer, as well as enjoy more character-based episodes that only delve into fan favorites but are paired and interrelated. wine characters that may not have crossed before. <br /> <br /> It may take a while trying to get into the style change, but definitely worth it, and in my opinion the third series is the best and also provides a firm conclusion to the series. <br /> <br /> The show is not without its drawbacks, and very occasionally certain characters and scenes seem a little out of place, but for the most part, the genius writing, somber nature of the show and the large number of brilliant characters (which are often very close to real life) make a real treat and prove what comedy should be, and puts many of the latest attempts at comedy shame
