I can not believe it's been ten years since this show first aired on TV and enthralled viewers with its unique blend of comedy and horror. This is the show that gave rise to a good deal of modern British humor: Dr. Terrible's House of Horrible; The Darkplace by Garth Marenghi; The Mighty Boosh; Snuff box. Many have imitated the style of this series, and I do not deny that some have surpassed their quality. But Jermy Dyson deserves to be remembered for starting the trend, with actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith. Together, they have created Royston Vasey, a sinister little town in the idyllic countryside of England, where unsuspecting tourists and passers-by come across an obsessive couple who want to keep the town local and free of strangers; where the unemployed are abused and insulted at the job center; where a farmer uses real people like scarecrows; where a veterinarian kills all the animals he tries to cure; where a Gypsy circus kidnaps people; and where the butcher adds something secret but irresistible to food to trap people. <br /> <br /> This is just a sample of what the viewer can find in The Gentlemen's League. By themselves, the three actors give rise to dozens and dozens of unique characters. The make-up and prosthetics are so good that I actually thought of watching a lot more actors in the show than there was. But it's also great to act: the way they change their voices and their body movements, they really become other people. <br /> <br /> Most jokes start with something common, from real life, and then it explodes into something. disturbing, sometimes harrowing. Sometimes it is pure terror without a scenario, as in the character of Papa Lazarou. Imagine a scary circus owner doing makeup invading someone's home and kidnapping women to be their wives. No explanation given. It's so scary. Then there are the numerous references to horror films: Se7en, The Silence of the Innocents, Nosferatu, The Exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Terror fans will love it, comedy fans will love it. As any incoming traveler knows, there is a sign that says "Welcome to Royston Vasey: You'll Never Leave". Any viewer who gives this show a chance will agree. After discovering the League of Gentlemen, you will never want to, will never forget.
