This is probably the best television show I have ever seen. I first saw Comedy Central several years ago. At the time, I did not know that it had been edited dramatically and that it had been displayed out of order, and having watched all three series in order and unedited (thanks for the internet and its wonderful "series of tubes")! I think Comedy Central chose and chose their way through the first and second series to make a "season" ...... and I tried to get friends and family to watch, but no one seemed to like it (I need new ones friends). Then, alone, I made the best of it. Even when I felt that I was diminishing a bit, I still felt compelled to keep watching. Years later, when I discovered Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline from LoG as having influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of ​​writers who perform throughout the show .... (not new, but done impeccably here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt and David .... I love you)! This is really a piece of darkly comic genius. Serial Murder, Implicit Cannibalism ..... you name it and it is probably found in this wonderful and unique piece of TV art. The filming locations of the first scene are creepy and seem to invite you to the town of Royston Vasey ..... You'll never leave! I think my favorite character would have to be Tubbs, but every character that is portrayed has its own "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, until he resurfaced in series three (clever and totally unexpected)! It's best to watch several episodes in a row as it drives continuity and, as I said before, it becomes so convincing (though repulsive) that you really CAN NOT stop watching. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmothers (unless you have a cheeky grandmother)! I've always loved British TV, particularly the comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to keep up appearances, Absolutely Fabulous and the original British Coupling and The Office (but not your US colleagues ... sorry). This is unlike any of them, for it completely redraws the line between what is funny and what is just sick and distorted. Nothing, NOTHING on US TV has come close to this level of entertainment. The US television broadcast is so sad and lame that I can barely keep an eye on ANY of them. It's kind of sad that even our cable channels do not have the guts to show unedited versions of this gem (their loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately there are shows like this that come from the "across the pond", which rescue every medium every decade or so. The basic cable here in the US has taken small strides in recent years into confident "crosses" with more explicit sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still years away from deciding to be adults about real life, adult behavior instead of just obsession for murder and blowing things up, sheesh, it's like the same basic show format in the last 35 years)! Do not even get me started on US sitcoms! Waste of time and lots of wasted money ...... did you know that "according to Jim" has been in the air for 10 years? 10 YEARS ?? Anyway ... Watch this program, make it on DVD, do what you need and make your friends watch it too! You've never seen anything like it. There are three specials that I have not watched yet .... I'm saving them to jump on my best friend the next time he visits. He will watch them, even if I have to chafe it and paint it with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that series three moves away from one and two .... the larger city seems to move away to focus on younger characters, the laughing trail is gone (thank God), the theme is more bandwidth and less orchestra and a little bit of the story takes place outside Royston Vasey. Do not be fooled by any of this, because in the end, the series preserved the silent perversity first demonstrated in series one and two. I think these four guys created something indefinable. Brilliant, confident and absolutely insane. You will want to watch again and again. It's amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time, they can move from a cheap joke to a horrifying blasphemy and end up with a close-up facial expression of a single actor. If I ever meet any of the writers / interpreters, I would beg them not to recreate it or try to overcome it ... I would just say "Can I help you?" (So ​​they probably slapped me, so I asked them to sign the cover)! 10 out of 10
