This movie resembles the German film THE NEVERENDING STORY because a child is magically transported to a strange land to be a hero. However, due to the very superior modern technology, puppets and CGI are used to create an incredibly realistic looking world - it will wipe out your socks because of its realism and scope. <br /> <br /> I liked this movie, but man was a task in the beginning! Unfortunately, for most Westerners, this movie is one of which you can give up too quickly or discard it, since everything in the movie seems so strange. However, give it a try. Do not think or try to understand everything you see - just let the story unfold and you'll probably enjoy the movie. <br /> <br /> In many ways, this is exactly the kind of advice I give to the adults who watch SPIRITED AWAY from Miyazaki because it is very similar and features tons of Yokai (Japanese mythical spirits). The big differences between the two is that THE GREAT YOKAI WAR is live-action and SPIRITED AWAY is much more child-friendly. Although I think that the GREAT WAR YOKAI was primarily intended as a children's film in the US, most parents would not like to show this to younger children because it is too violent, scary and has some adult behaviors. So who is the audience in the West? Well, older children and adults who enjoy foreign films with non Western themes and compositions. This is a fairly close hearing, indeed! <br /> <br /> While you're watching, look for all the little weird touches. In fact, you could watch the movie dozens of times and notice different little things every time. Some of the funny references I liked were the commentary on Gamera, the scene that came with the comment "KIDS: do not try this at home" as well as the use of Kirin beer to allow a person to actually see the Yokai (hmm,. .. maybe that scene also contained this warning)! Incidentally, director Takashi Miike is difficult to define stylistically, in addition to saying that none of his stories I saw seemed "normal". Some of his films are pretty disgusting and disturbing and I hated them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and are among the best movies I've ever seen (THE FELICITY OF THE KATAKURIS). One thing is certain, it's hard to watch one of your movies and not have a strong reaction one way or another.
