Simon Pegg plays Sidney Young, a young entertainer who started a career in writing for a popular magazine that specializes in speaking ill of the superficiality and superficiality of the rich and famous. He's making a career of satirizing celebrities, although he has a desperate desire to be a celebrity. The film is based on the very bizarre career of Toby Young who also directed a small magazine in Britain called Modern Review which offered compelling criticism of just about anything imaginable until he closed the magazine in a shower of bullets verbally with her co-editor, and then went on to a spectacularly unsuccessful career as Vanity Fair's screenwriter, which is pretty much the part of her life told in this movie. <br /> <br /> He's excited to go to work for a major publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the film), and despite his active nerves, he's positively radiant on his first day. He knows the editor-in-chief, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges) who is tough as a nail but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs to be for a goof off as Young to keep his job in the magazine. He offers little in the way of Young's immediate acceptance, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance for Young's mischief and misbehavior. Much of the comedy in the film is derived from Young's misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar etiquette involved in dealing with the rich and famous. But Sidney's reasons for acting so strangely and giving offensive off-camera interviews is because he believes he abhors the whole celebrity culture and, it seems, does he believe in that old adage? "If you can not beat them, join them and then defeat them." <br /> <br /> The complicating issue is two very different women. There's a charming, regular girl in the magazine called Alison. Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who at first is terrified of Sidney's obvious arrogance and feminine manners, and a stunning model named Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents celebrity culture. Needless to say, the endless Sidney to superficiality and stardom is a superficial lust. for Sophie, who has the appearance of a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is incredibly beautiful, true, but she does not have a single thought in her head either. Alison is a normal girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person. A relationship with her would have the whole reality of a Britney Spears wedding, and yet the film maintains some level of credibility because, despite how obvious that is, we also felt Sidney's pain at not chasing her (I felt it anyway). <br /> <br /> To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a very interesting premise and is full of honest and satisfying performances, and although it turns out to be a bit of her standard romantic comedy in Act Three, she has a variety of characters well developed and interesting. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance as Alison's other love interest, which honors The Big Lebowski (also starring Bridges) with his ever-present White Russian, one of my favorite drinks. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs the equivalent of about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I'm looking forward to the day when Simon Pegg will branch out a bit because I love his films but I'm completely unsure about his scope. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only serious about the madness that surrounded him, and finally came back to be himself again, what he has done in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now Like losing friends. He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
