I really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, watching the poster I thought it was just another easy romantic comedy ... but it's simply more than that! I personally believe that this idea (which I'm sure a lot of viewers had shortly before seeing the movie) is yet another important part of the great concept of this movie itself (or even of its marketing strategy)! What I mean is: nowadays we are slaves of images! For prints! I went to the movies to see this movie with the wrong impression, the wrong expectations and, in the end, I felt how superficial I could be! To illustrate, it comes to my mind the sequence near the end where Sidney buys the plane ticket to return to New York and as he is asked to 'sign an autograph', meaning to sign the ticket, he believes that just because he entered the TV thanks to the scandal in the awards he is now some kind of celebrity. And this is, I believe, the climax of this main theme around which the cinema revolves. Above all, I believe the film also offers us a solution to get on with it, illustrated throughout the film by Sidney's attitude: do not become too serious with yourself or anyone else ... "even the saints were people in the beginning "... as Sophie once says in the film. The saints of the moment are the stars. We attribute to them an "aura" of perfection, of eternal happiness, but the reality is much less than that. Even the saints of any religion are images, ideal models of how to behave and how to live your life. Even they were not real ... they became 'real' after they died and we looked at them. And that's the problem: we need our saints! We need our stars! We strive for them as if it were not for them, we would have nothing to fight for. And television and all other media are the means to create and capture our efforts. We desperately need references on which to measure ourselves. And that's how we got to the movies to watch this movie: to see if we can fit into the benchmark, or if the benchmark is too small for us. This time it was bigger than we expected.
