I was looking forward to How Lose Friends & Alienate People for months, particularly due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were starring. Simon Pegg is a comic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been one of my favorite actresses. How to lose friends and alienate People hit the target! Of course it is not perfect but very fun and fun. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People follows the life of Sidney Young, a small British celebrity journalist who is hired by a luxury magazine in New York. In a spectacular way, Sidney enters high society and burns bridges with bosses, colleagues and superstars. After interrupting a black-tie event, allowing a wild pig to run wild, Sidney catches the eye of Sharp's editor Clayton Harding and takes a job at the magazine in New York. Clayton tells Sidney that he'd better impress and delight all he can if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney instantly insults and irritates fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares attack top clients of energy publicist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also disturbs his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His saving grace, a rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a strange affection for him. Over time, Allison's friendship may be the only thing that has saved Sydney from its downward spiral career. The plot is very interesting and the acting was of first quality with what the actors received. Simon Pegg is still hilarious as ever! It causes Sydney to get in the way, be nasty and annoying as real as possible, but later on, making Sydney not just kind, but also a real character that you twist in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had some wonderful acting and hilarious scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff f * cking Bridges! How could you not like it?! He makes Clayton a humorous character with some wit and in general you love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as the supporting cast. Each one had its own personality which, on the whole, was pretty unpleasant, but that's what made the movie work. One thing I did not like was how dimensional some of the characters were. I understand that most were the supporting cast, but part of the cast was underutilized and could have given the film a little more seasoning for it. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People will never be in the top 10 films of all time, or even the top 10 comedies of all time, but it has a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can even enchant you too. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
