Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when humans are not around. In this adventure they must rescue a kidnapped French doll called Babette of the captain of the pirates. On the way they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will the help of your new friend, the camel with the wrinkled knees, help you or just slow you down with your friends' hallucinations leaving you? How will they escape King Kookoo and his henchmen? What will your owner Marcella say when she sees her 7th birthday doll along with her other toys? Nice surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are out of a possible 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls come to life when the master is not around. Not only that because they come out in many different places but they are in an imaginary world so anything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places, meet new friends, is great. The characters work so well on this too and who does not love pirates? Performance: 8 - Every character adapts so well to your voice. Specifically, the enemy of the Marlon Brando pit, The Greed. The French doll has a very tense French accent, the evil king Hitler-squire Kookoo (who has hair resembling Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays well, and the sadness of the old black man's voice by Camel works perfectly. Why was the old dubbed animation much better than the new ones? Music: 10 - Nothing less than perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years, and re-watching it almost 20 years later, I still remember each and every one of them and now will be able to know exactly where those songs come from. Joe Fox's fame of "Sesame Street" did a great job with the songs for that and they all sing very well. <br /> <br /> Issue: 6 - Heh, this is where you'll be confused. I mean, how far has Raggedy gone? Many events seem to occur one after the other and there is no way to tell that the other dolls and toys were like you never see them in the real world of the movie but it follows some kind of path and you know they eventually get where they need to go, just too hard to follow at times. Exclusivity: 8 - Between this and Unico I would have to say that there are parts in both movies that I will never forget, no matter how much I tried. Especially the scary parts. I've probably mentioned how old movies were a lot scarier than today's animation, but this takes the cake on the scary factor. Outside of the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated or good musicals being so original. <br /> <br /> Value: 8 - Your classic. It's worth having a good copy, but the VHS copies are probably all stretched now. The DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time and will definitely be something that you will watch more than once. If anything can be done for the purpose of nostalgia. <br /> <br /> Overall Rating (Not Average): 8 - It's a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70's and still can be enjoyed today. His characters are all unique and the songs are great. So great that you may find yourself humming over and over again. Give your favorite stuffed animal a hug today! Insight from the reviewer (Including bias): This is not like the Raggedy Ann TV series made a decade later. This was a much darker and more real world. The effects of this look like many other 1970s acid trip cartoons, in particular, Yellow Submarine. Still, it gave me memories that I will never forget and that can still influence things today. It was not easy to find but will remain a treasure to keep in my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
