Oh boy, may God Bless the 70's, we have some of the most horrible movies that came out in that decade: The Exorcist, Shark, The Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This movie must be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this movie scared me too much. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I was curious to know what kind of movie they would make of a doll that came out of the Great Depression for children with very little money. What the devil? It's funny how this movie is the 1970s version of Toy Story, basically a key, but that was a thousand times more scary, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to get on the drug trips for children. <br /> <br /> Whenever Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, along with her brother Raggedy Andy and a daycare full of colorful toys come to life. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know she's a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate Captain Contagioso kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy leave to try to rescue her before Marcella discovers that Babette is gone. In the world outside the nursery, the two find the Camel with the Wrinkled Knees, a blue toy camel that was bought by former owners and now is desolate and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy take a ride on the Camel, he begins to follow their hallucinations and, without looking, runs across the edge of a cliff to a deep hole. In that hole, they find the greedy, who is a greedy giant who eats constantly and is never full. The Raggedys and the Camel narrowly escape being consumed by the Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette? and believe me, it only gets weirder from this point on. <br /> <br /> Although this movie was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during a lot of film, this was really very creative. Back to the day we had hand-drawn animations that made the movies more personal and writers and animators put their heart into it, you can tell they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This certainly was not the worst movie I've ever seen, I just do not know who to recommend it as well. As scared as I was, I have to admit that I'm glad to have watched, sometimes you need a "WTF ?!" film to spice up your selection, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem doing just that with me. It's official, that doll is just scary, let's put it this way, there's a giant river of caramel that's eating it all, a king whose head gets bigger and bigger while he laughs, a bizarre thing that humbles Raggedy Ann and her brother, a stranger almost incest between Ann and Andy and a pair of nude dolls that will always haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
