It took some exhibits for me to really get involved in this, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the horror highlights of the '00s and to the extent that independent horror is a real masterpiece. A horror of anthology, he takes the story of the fictitious Taylor-Eriksson Group, a type of worship based in India, whose members set off in search of ultimate self knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that echoed over the years . With book segments set in India, the film is made mostly of three stories in Germany, illustrating the aftermath of the work of the Taylor-Eriksson Group, with some nasty gore sometimes. It's an interesting set how these things happen, but what sets this movie apart is how the images are so carefully crafted to develop the horror of the movies. Bad things have been unleashed and the overall course of the film is a look at how the pursuit of self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others, and the film is loaded with clever visual cues to the power of dark forces with which deals, dark forces not bound by time, place or even personality. Good examples of this are found mainly in the first report, dealing with a journalist interviewing a lady in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story, we have seen Lars Eriksson, and especially his faltering (lazy) eye, we also see him healing or, at least, comforting a patient. The mental patient of the first story is seen in the same posture that Eriksson heals a patient, also while she envelops the art class screens she runs between her patients one of the photos is seen, a face with lazy eye like Erikssons. There are also references to folk in tiny roles, extras and walk ons ​​with extra sensory perceptions of what is happening in the movie, showing the wickedness that was unleashed spreading and able to almost infect other people. There is more in the film philosophically than just inner evil, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption, all also linked to a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be just exploitation, but has more relation to the reality. beliefs than one might expect (at least from the research I did on wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves some significant credit for his ability to build the film. In addition to being considerate, the film is quite chilling as well, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a great strange piano jingle and there are some notable performances, Michael Balaun as a sinister physician and Cora Chilcot as a weird patient, especially Good . The third story also has a good turnaround of veteran Mathieu Carrière as healer of the faith. The biggest problem with the movie is that it's not what it involves most of the time, so the potential for fear is lost, but these and some other performances do very well. So the movie is not as exciting as it can be, the acting occasionally out and the pace too, but mostly I thought it was too large if a short shadow of its possible brightness. It's worth looking for adventurous horror fans, I think.
