Where was this movie when I was a kid? After their parents separated, Tadashi moved with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with their father and they often talk on the phone. Grandfather is only "here" every three days. Moms never really at home. Children are always picking up the poor kid. During a village festival, Tadashi is chosen the "kirin knight" or spiritual champion of peace and justice. Hardly does he suspect that he will soon have to take on the role of hero as the forces of darkness join the anger of things discarded in a conspiracy to destroy humanity and the spirit world. <br /> <br /> It was the easy part. Now comes the hard part, trying to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great kid's movie. No, this is a great movie, flawed, (very flawed?), But a great movie, though. It unfolds like all those great books you loved as a child and is as dense at times as Tadashi strives to find the strength to become a hero. As I watched, I felt like I was reading a great book and thought how great that would be if it were a book. I loved that the movie did not follow a normal path. Things often happen by chance or by lack of communication, a character is sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that seem to be non sequiters and are even more charming because of it (which is typical of Miike). Certainly it's a Takashi Miike movie. That Japanese master of cinema is clearly responsible for a film that is often touching, scary and funny at the same time. No one, except Miike, seems to understand that you can have many emotions at once, or that you may suddenly have twists when things get dark in a second and then funny in the other. I admire the fact that Miike made a movie that is somber and hopeful, which does not shy away from being scary, I mean really scary, especially for children. This is the same gloomy territory that should be in the Harry Potter movies, but it rarely is. This is a somber Grimm tale with humor. My first reaction to seeing the opening image was that I could not believe anyone would start a children's movie with a picture of the end of the world so I realized who was making the movie. Hats off to Miike for making a movie that knows kids can handle scary pictures. <br /> <br /> It also operates on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that the bandits make are forged from the discarded junk of mankind. It is the anger of being thrown out that feeds the monsters. One of the Yokai (spirits) talks about sneakers played out because they are dirty or too small when they are played. You also have one of the good guys refusing to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like other things floating around it this raises this movie to another level. (there are lots of riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is, as children may not understand them, although many parents do) And of course there are the monsters. They range from tacky to spectacular, with stops everywhere. Frankly, you have to forgive the inequality of your creation simply because they have to be hundreds, if not thousands, of monsters on the screen. It's cool and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai that I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, looks dumb and yet you will be twisting the little bugger and loving every moment he rides on Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is also easier if you've seen the old woodcuts of the strange Japanese monsters) I mentioned flaws, and there are some. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden changes are a bit strange (even if understandable) and a few other little things that are disappearing now about two hours after watching the movie. None of them really hurt the movie, however most kind of avoids you being completely happy with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I'm sure if I saw this as a child, it would have been my favorite movie of all time. (where is the English dub?) See this movie. It's a great trip. (In addition to a good introduction to Miike's films minus blood and graphic sex)
