I had heard of TEARS OF KALI a while ago and it sounded like something I would be in, but with all the movies I've been coming to regularly, it sort of fell off my radar. While strolling through the local WonderBook ... I located the box for this and picked it up. I have to say that I'm very happy to have done it. KALI TEARS is a strange, bloody, sometimes downright scary movie that is somewhat limited by its low budget - but it's still a fun and worthwhile observation. <br /> <br /> KALI CENTERS are centered around the fictitious based in India. Taylor-Erikkson worship group, who practice meditation and other rituals in the quest to face and banish the individual's "inner demons" - but apparently these techniques work well enough or not enough (depending on the point of view ... ) as obscure forces are not only exorcised but also unleashed upon unfortunate victims. <br /> <br /> The film is counted as an "anthological style" with a short but memorable and "eye-opening" intro, and then proceed to the three stories that make up the bulk of the film. <br /> <br /> The first (SHAKTI) is about a journalist visiting one of the members of the cult being held in a psychiatric hospital. The journalist goes into hiding to investigate the Taylor-Erikkson cult, but we find that her true motives may come a little closer to home. When the interview takes a violent turn, the journalist discovers that she may have gone over her head ... <br /> <br /> The second part (Devi) concerns a violent young man who is condemned to psychological rehabilitation in place of a prison sentence for beating a young man in a coma. We think the doctor in question is actually a Taylor-Erikkson "ex-student", and his rehab methods are far from the norm ... <br /> <br /> The final story (KALI) revolves around a charlatan "faith." When the healer unintentionally helps one of his clients and actually ejects a force that possessed it, the demon is now free to wander and search for a new host ... < KALI TEARS There are a few flaws in the film that keep you from being really great - but it's an original and ambitious film for what it is. production is the poor and uninspired dialogue.The dubbing is insignificant and I would prefer to have a subtitle option with the original language range.A few critics have said that the acting is bad, with which I do not necessarily agree.I think dubbing is so that the performances are atrophied, which is not really the case. In fact, some of the performances are very creepy (the "doctor" in the second segment, and the "client" in the third come to mind ...) and notable. Gore FX film is very well done for a low-budget film with some graphic eyelid removal scenes through cuticle scissors, a pencil-in-throat suicide, a decent (but annoyingly "unstable") self. -flashing, and some other goodies thrown in for good measure. Not as rough as some of the more "extreme" movies, but definitely stronger than your average horror. I also found the story about the intriguing cult group and a welcome change in the typical absurd horror story. There are many scenes of genuine atmosphere and tension, of which I have not known for some time. While I miss some fundamental ways, I still think TEARS OF KALI will appeal to most underground horror viewers - some scenes may be too much for the more conventional viewer. Definitely recommended - 8.5 / 10
