Announced as the "first family film" by Takashi Miike - by people who have not yet seen Zebraman, presumably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further in the direction of family friendship, thinning the darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy fairy tale. A young boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors from which they remain largely unconscious. The film is clearly bigger than anything Miike has done, with a lot of CGI to create a fantasy world populated by strange creatures (the YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a result of more nervous investors, but I think it is likely that he wanted to do something different. He really was never a pony of a trick, but he is often accused of it - maybe YOKAI is designed to silence the critics. Regardless, it is a great project for Miike to channel his unlimited imagination and his own invention. <br /> <br /> There is a very caricatured feeling in the production, evoking thoughts of Miyazaki in some places. The Yokai are based on an old comic series that were based on Japanese folk tales, which certainly influenced Miyazaki also (particularly SPIRITED AWAY). One must remember that Miike has nothing to do with the budget of a Harry Potter film to work on, so special effects will not be a perfect Hollywood-style work - some blue screens are especially obvious. Some of the special effects are great, with some very lively creatures (a mixture of CG, stop-motion and puppets). I think the little marionette that accompanies the hero around much of the movie was * to * look very cheap, and it's all more beautiful to her :) The young man who plays the hero of the movie does a great job - It's so hard find a preteen who really understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a true talent (I see he did voices in the last two Miyazaki movies!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delightful as the villain of the play, although Mai Takahashi has made an even bigger impression as the Princess of the River - yum yum! Those looking for another violent and perverted gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a Miike fan because of your imagination and intelligence, there is much to satisfy here. And you have the bonus that you can happily put into any company you have :)
