Although there is melodrama in the center, or rather, deep in the film, the story is told beautifully and subtly, and the acting is superb. <br /> <br /> Yaara, who studies in Princeton, returns to Israel, her homeland. funeral of his oldest and dearest friend, Talia. Because Yaara practically lived with her friend's parents after the death of her own mother, she lost her adopted sister. And because Yaara, blind from birth, has been guided and guarded by Talia, her friend's suicide is as unbearable as it is inexplicable. <br /> <br /> Inevitably, the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Although without vision, she has a vision. Although she can not see, she is able to find out what is out of sight than the "normal" people around her. The film thus becomes an absorbing mystery as Yaara scans clues in the memories of her relationship with Talia, her adoptive family's house, tapes, journals, and people in Talia's past and present. Told by Yara's point of view, the film is also seen from her point of view as she visualizes what she hears, believes and imagines. The solution to the mystery is quite conventional, but the search is conducted with so subtle care and with the response so beautiful and without fanfare that the moment is easily forgiven. Truths emerge gradually, albeit inexorably, clarifying not just Talia's life, but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, like Yaara, uses her mobile face and voice effectively, and is totally believable to both the adult and the adolescent girl. We fully accept your ability at the end of the film to find your place in the world with more confidence. <br /> <br /> It is noteworthy how accurately places and actions are repeated with small but significant variations that never become boring. - to act for the secondary characters and the interesting decision to represent Talia only in adolescence. I'll argue with Yaara's final statement as it is with Gadi, Talia's last boyfriend, on the edge of a cliff, but this journey to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in view for longer than its words will be remembered.
