In 1993, with the success of the first season of Batman: The Animated Series, Warner Brothers hired the team responsible for the hit series with the production of a feature film, originally scheduled for Direct-to-Video but scaled to theatrical . status. It would be known as Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. Ten years after Phantasm, we had three more feature films released from WB Boys, Sub-Zero, Return of the Joker and now Mystery of the Batwoman joins the family. The plot is basic and in many ways similar to Mask of the Phantasm: A new female watcher shaping herself after Batman has commenced operations led by mob boss Gotham Rupert Thorne and Oswald Cobblepot AKA The Penguin. Now, Batman must try to unravel the mystery of Batwoman before she crosses the line. <br /> <br /> The animation is the most elegant and futuristic style that was used in the fifth and sixth seasons of Batman: The Animated Series (AKA The New Adventures of Batman). , is very well done, and as elegant as the animation of Return of the Joker. There is also some use of CGI, but it is smaller compared to its overabundance in Sub-Zero. The music was good. Different and exotic and similar to the Justice League score, although punctuation points when the old Batman animated theme is released, will send waves of nostalgia through the hearts in the form of rodents of the old fans. <br /> <br /> Kevin Conroy, as always, does a wonderful job as Bruce Wayne and Batman. It's also great to have the old students from Batman: The Animated Series back; which includes Bob Hastings (commissioner Gordon), Robert Costanzo (detective Bullock), Tara Strong (Barbara Gordon / Batgirl, her participation suggests the romantic relationship between her and Bruce that was mentioned in Batman Beyond), and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. were great - especially given that Rupert Thorne, the former mafia boss of the original series, appears for the first time since season 4. Although it does not reach the standard set by Mask of the Phantasm, Ten years ago, MOTB takes the torch very well for the animated films of Batman. And if you have the DVD and you're a fan, you'll love the five-minute Chase Me.
