It was aired on TV yesterday, so I decided to take a look. This was one of the last Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to his old Batman the Animated Series of 1992, after Jeff Matsuda appeared and re-imagined Batman with his new series The Batman, but finally, the story of this new Batman . The film revolves around the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, however Batman feels the need to stop her because of his extreme methods, and also overthrow The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, both working secretly with Carlton Duquesne (who is having family problems) and another villain (who is later revealed in the film) in an arms smuggling operation, they also placed a reward for Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they are more than one? It is up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the last operation of Penguin. For an animated film, it has a rather complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another advantage was Penguin's complete redesign, which looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we are accustomed to seeing in the comics, unlike his earlier designs that lent elements of Tim Burton's vision of the Pengium (rat of sewer and circus weird ). Even though the movie contains a love subplot, it has never gone that far and does not disturb the movie, for example, Batman Forever. The dubbing is of standard quality for these direct projects for video (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm did this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And like I said, despite running for a short 80 minutes, he manages to make a really good (and complex) story complete with some minor twists and action. There are some drawbacks, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click as a couple, even if it's just referenced, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the movie and to be quite frankly, I've never been a big fan of Paul Dini and Batman character design by Bruce Timm (especially in his post-BTAS Batman shows), this The New Adventures of Batman and Robin, well, kind of makes Batman look fat then , rather a well-built embedded individual (such as The Batman's character model Jeff Matsuda). Bruce Wayne seems a bit clumsy, those blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent and Bruce (although it's true that they are very similar). Another drawback is Rupert Throne (no explanation as to why he is in this business but it is safe to say that he has henchmen and what is a part of the deal) that does very little more than hanging out with the Penguin or getting hurt every time he point a gun at someone (count how many times this happens in the movie and you'll be surprised.) Overall, a good animated feature from Batman, worth at least a rental.
