This post may contain SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the end of the series and WB was currently working on the Justice League, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. Because? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm compliments the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero complement the 15 episodes of the Adventures of Batman and Robin, then Mystery of the Batwoman complements the final 24 episodes of Batman's Gotham Knights version. Kevin Conroy once again offers a voice on performance that is nothing less than excellence and perfection. I admit that I was a bit suspicious when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about were the old Batman 1950s comics. But I was impressed with Batwoman's character, her look, her fantasy (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to create the costume for Batman Beyond) and the fact that this movie makes you guess who Batwoman is throughout the process. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes an appearance and I think the writers were trying to suggest that Bruce and Barbara had something going on between them, as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and unfortunately there is no sign or mention of Dick Grayson, incidentally Nightwing, which leads me to believe that he settled in Bludhaven (his city in the comic). <br /> <br /> Of the three Batwoman suspects, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks a lot like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the villains, I'm glad the penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just did not look right. The same goes for Robin. The new guy did okay, but as soon as I was starting to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who plays the voice of Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of the Joker on the series "The Batman." And we finally see what Rupert Thorne seems reinvigorated since he did not appear in the episodes of Gotham Knights. The late John Vernon will be lost. Although I liked Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could have used Two Face, Riddler, or the frightening new version of the Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack and especially the soft sound intro were superb. I wish it was on a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie at the Iceberg Lounge along with her song, Betcha Neva. While some feel that this film is weaker than the Mask of the Phantasm and Subzero, I find it as strong and enjoyable as the rest, but as I said earlier, it's a movie based on Batman's Gotham Knights version, which I think gives a good balance. I would recommend at least renting this DVD first before buying it for those who may be suspicious of this movie, but personally, it's worth the purchase. I give Mystery of the Batwoman to 9.
