To begin with, I've always been a fan of Batman's drawings because the theme is so universal that "everyone alive has an alter-ego". This is true in the Batwoman Mystery. Although the overall story is good, I'm disappointed they did not do much for the franchise with that. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, you're trying to figure out who Batwoman's identity is, unfortunately. you can easily figure out the list of credits posted on this site (so, if you have not seen it, do not go there). I was kind of disappointed that they did not make the movie anymore. 75 minutes is too short for any movie. Batwoman's secret identity also arrives very early in the movie, sort of becoming anti-climactic later, because you know the good guys will always win and that the new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie is over. I'm also not sure about the new style of animation used in this movie. I love the sleek new characters, but there must be more details where the details are needed. Some parts of the animation seem so clumsy and rigid that it grabs his attention immediately, diverting his attention from the plot. I also did not really like the brilliant atmosphere used in most of the scenes, she kind of loses her dark and gothic feel that is Batman. In the same way, we should have come to know more about Batwoman's personality so we can build on the same deep feeling of compassion we do with Bruce Wayne. I also think the fight with Bane should have been better. In typical childish fashion, the villain faces his death very easily, whether stumbling, falling, being electrified or doing something stupid that works against them. Come to think of it, there was not even a drop of blood spilled in this movie as well. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, it's a good fun movie and I highly recommend anyone who is a fan of Batman to watch it. It has good plot, universal appeal and even great acting to complete. I just wanted them to have made a more permanent change in the story, making Batwoman stay to make things more interesting. It is not enough to present it and then expel it as soon as it is finished. I would also like to see someone discover the mystery for a change, finally. Have someone besides Batman to solve the mystery and fill it in later with the details. <br /> <br /> I hope there are more animated films to come and look forward to the moment when we can actually see the split between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He has tied her forever and does not like her and I can not believe she was dumb enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. I also want to see the time when Tim Drake leaves because he's getting sick of the old man. In short, I want to see all the things that took the characters to where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise, the same repeated formula will end more quickly than if they decided to go on with the story. <br /> <br />
