It starts with several of the basics in a stage race to Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the pilot and begins his speech against women in general, with his girlfriend Pearl being an exception. He then recounts a distorted version of Samson's biblical story to justify his retention of long mustaches against the wishes of Pearl, who is the city's no lesser barber, and who claims that if everyone followed his example, she would be out of business. This point will once again dominate the last scene of the film. Gabby seems an irritation to some commentators, but it is a definite advantage for this. It's a shame he was not in the best of Randoph Scott's faroestes to help ease Randy's steel chin behavior. Also on this stage are Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), with whom he is getting acquainted, and a little girl (Myrtle), whom he soon becomes a hero when he rescues her. the stage out of control after being arrested by Randy Hacker, John Armin (George Cleveland), who essentially runs the city. <br /> Randy soon discovers that his uncle, and by extension himself, is not exactly popular with the people of the town. He, however, quickly forms a useful friendship with Gabby. After he discovers that Uncle John was responsible for the harassment of his competitor, Celia Wallace, and the associate murder, he demands that Uncle John return the money and decides to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) instead of for Uncle John. As his rivals' prospects increase, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, such as Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office, to keep him informed of when to deliver ore from the mines to City. so he can sabotage his race. When that does not work, he resorts to the draconian tactic of organizing a criminal arson from his own office, for which Randy is guilty. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment confronting her with suggestive evidence that she was denouncing Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Letty in the dog house with Celia (her apparent boyfriend) and Ted (who hopes to conquer Letty). This news also ends with Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informant, and he suggests that she leave the city. Instead, she changes sides and tells Wallaces why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John tries once again to sabotage his ore run, and when that fails, there is a general shootout in town. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and executed, with complicated relationships between principles, and with a variety of obstacles for Randy to overcome, with the help of his associates sometimes. At least Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had the choice of avoiding the murder, but he trusted with arrogance that a woman would not dare to carry out her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful single women, as well as little Myrtle, did much to ease the tense atmosphere in this battle for survival, as Uncle John said. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "bad girl", gets the highest female billing on Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara at the time of the camera was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie television series, with George Cleveland as "Grandpa", will be surprised to see him playing such a controlling villain. We may wonder if your wheelchair status influences this person. That leaves you with few options to make a living in the wild west. With no apparent family to help support him (except Randy), he can not afford to have some newbie to get him out of the city's most lucrative business. On the other hand, from his conversations, he probably achieved his status as "boss" of the city before becoming a wheelchair.
