The above summary line, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) almost says it all. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way of making things happen, just problems, he usually leaves corpses where he's been. It's not the kind of mentoring that Tom imagines for younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he defends his ranch against Texas ranchers. Opening credits say 'Introducing John Barrymore Jr. as Younger Brother', in this first appearance on screen. That seemed a little strange to me, particularly since he was approached as Jeff almost immediately in history. Approximately eighteen at the time of this film, he bears a passing resemblance to Sean Penn. No wonder personal and legal issues throughout his career, as well as the estrangement of his family, I was wondering if his daughter Drew Barrymore could have seen this photo. I'm inclined to think not. On the subject of similarities, I was also struck by the thought that young Robert Sterling looked a bit like Roy Rogers early in his career. Knowing Sterling previously only from his role as George Kerby in the early 1950s, in the TV series "Topper", I found that he seemed out of place in a western, but this could just be me. His character becomes encouraged by his brother's resourcefulness in creating problems and provides some of the nervousness to this not-so-typical story. Small subplots are plentiful, including rancher John Gall (John Litel) with his son, Sheriff (who Kid Wichita kills), and troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (who Kid Wichita kills). Chill Wills completes the main cast as one of Tom Cloud's contractors, and figures in the somewhat predictable ending. <br /> <br /> What is not very predictable is how things end up getting there, and for that reason, this western movie earns points for following a less traveled plot, so not as stereotypical as many Pharisees / farristeers they do. Combined with the eclectic cast of directors, it's one I'd recommend, even if you have to withstand some of the leaping cuts and sloppy issue I've experimented with my copy.
