A glacier glide into a mountain of cavernous ice sends its three characters into an endless tube that has enough kick to impress the children in the same way that the mature audience can be dazzled by the sequel to the gate that closes 2001: A Space Odyssey . Miles apart in vision, but it's a scene of great adrenaline and excitement, though. A magnificent opening sequence also occurs where a furry squirrel tries to hide its precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but when it does, it starts a domino effect when the mountain begins to crack and, it turns out, an avalanche. The horror continues as the animal tries to overcome the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film traces two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a sloth (John Leguizamo) as they attempt to migrate south. They find a human baby they adopt and then decide to trace the parent figures back to them. They join a saber-tiger named Diego (Denis Leary) whose predatory intentions are to take the baby to his tiger clan, leading the mammoth and laziness into a trap. Diego's family, who eats meat, wants the mammoth above all else, but Diego's learned values ​​of friendship make it easy to choose for the end. <br /> <br /> There are fatalistic natural hazards of the world throughout the trip, including an erupting volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to melt momentarily which is reminiscent of the castle's escape into Shrek. The characters contemplate why they are in the Ice Age, while they might call "The Big Chill" or "Nippy Era." Some characters want a future global warming. Another big line about mating problems between girlfriends: 'All great guys are never around. Sensibles are eaten. Throwaway lines in abundance, whimsical comedy and light-fingered adventure makes this one very easy to watch. In addition, food is so scarce for good vegetarians that they consider dandelions and pine cones as 'good food'. <br /> <br /> The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary are good in their personas, while children will delight in their antics, adults will enjoy their riffs in their own talents. There is some mild violence and intense content, but children will be thrilled by the excitement and will receive one of their earliest presentations of the ancient battle of good versus evil, and the tradition and friendship of the family are strong thematic ties. The animators also make majestic use of background landscapes that are coldly fantastic. <br /> <br />
