"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films already produced by Blue Sky Studios and launched in 2002 as the company's first. We are introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge, and PLEASE NOTE: the sound of Scrat's screams is the sound of Tom and Jerry's cartoon Tom screams), a woolly mammoth named Manny by Ray Roman "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a sloth named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE"), and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (voiced by Denis Leary of "A Bug's Life" by Pixar). /> <br /> The movie opens with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and shortly thereafter, it caused an avalanche. We then see a herd going south to the next Ice Age (except for Manny, who is going the other way looking for other mammoths that resemble him). Sid leaves his cave, yawning, and sees that his family has abandoned him. He then pays toll with a few Aardvarks. Unfortunately, he is chased by Sylvia (dubbed by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), an orange sloth, who wants Sid to migrate with her. Sid finally joins Manny, and they have become friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, near a human tribe, Soto (voiced by Goran Visnjic), a tiger of evil saber-tooth, wants revenge against the tribe leader for annihilating half of his backpack just by stealing his son newborn, Roshan, away from him. In the morning, he, Diego and Soto's henchmen, Lenny (voice of Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voice of Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (voice of Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife escaped with Roshan, Manny and Sid to take care of it. Eventually, Diego joins them and makes a trip to return Roshan to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, the supporting characters there, including a bunch of wolves the Roshan tribe is using, not to mention a fat purple sloth named Jennifer (dubbed by Jane Krakowski), and a slim yellow female sloth named Rachel (dubbed by Lorri Bagley), whom Sid shows to them while they relax in a tar pit. Incidentally, the two rhinos, Carl (voiced by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI "Madagascar") and Frank (voiced by Stephen Root of Pixar's "Finding Nemo"), who go after Sid for ruining his meal and confront Manny on a cliff , are simple secondary characters. The same happened with the dodo, who use melon as a food source. <br /> <br /> The jokes in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk saying "I will not!" When Jennifer and Rachel are off the tar, Sid asks Jennifer, "What do you say if we get into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer then responds to him: "What do you say if you jump at PIT TAR!?" Rachel also kicks Sid at the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the neck with her teeth, then she asks Sid if he is holding his breath, tells Diego to eat it, and promptly leaves. <br /> <br /> Since the "Ice Age" is not only a success but has 2 sequences: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the other was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs, "which will be released next year. I can hardly die waiting to see what the "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will look like.
