I've seen Slaughter High several times over the years, and always found it a nice slasher movie with a weird sense of humor, but I never knew it was filmed in the UK, and I never knew the actor who plays Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the film was released. I think I noticed while watching last night that the actors' phrasing seems rather strange to Americans, and some of them are not very good at hiding the English accent. <br /> <br /> All this aside, it's the class nerd tale, Marty, who gets pissed off by his classmates, and on a specific day, April Fools Day, he's drawn to the locker room female by a Caroline Munro (yes, playing a teenage girl) and humiliated great moment in the film. Of course the coach picks up the class at work and everyone gets a vigorous workout to punish them, but not before some guys fool Marty, that he tries to smoke in the chemistry lab, but it's full of something that makes him sick and when he rushes to the bathroom, one of his classmates enters and puts a chemical that reacts with something that Marty is mixing, which results in a fire and the shedding of a bottle of nitric acid which leaves Marty poor. Ten years later, this same gang heads for the class reunion in good old Doddsville High, which seems strangely closed and inaccessible, but thanks to the ingenuity they manage to enter and find the seemingly abandoned place ... unless there is a room where a banquet and liquor is placed and, of course, they eat, drink and have fun. Briefly, they will die, of course. <br /> <br /> The gang is chased one by one by a figure in the mask of a jester, but could it be Marty? They do not know, they think he's in a hospice or working for IBM, they do not know for sure. But whoever he is, he's doing their quick work. Particularly unpleasant is the girl who bathes to wash the blood of one of her colleagues whose entrails burst all around him when he drank poisoned beer. She is a victim of an acid bath which, I believe, may have been one of the parts originally cut in the tape version, because it seemed very unpleasant when I saw it this time. I may be wrong, but I believe I was not on tape. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there is a slightly different ending, and this also contains images that are not on the tape, I believe. There is also a bit of frontal nudity at the beginning that was also excised, but other than that I did not really realize if there were other bits in this uncut version probably, but it's been a while since I last saw this. Either way, if you're a fan of 1980s slasher movies, then open up the new release DVD because it's a fun slasher with a good atmosphere and feel. 7 out of 10.
