This movie looked like a classic of the 1980s slasher genre, which is my favorite genre of all, so when I saw it was Free on Demand, I had to watch it! He starred in Caroline Munro, from both the films of Dr. Phibes (she was his wife who died!), Dracula AD 1972, The Golden Journey of Sinbad, Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter, The Spy Who Loved Me, Maniac and No face. /> <br /> Brought to you by the people behind Do not Open Til Christmas and Pieces, here's my thought on it ... <br /> <br /> It opens on the Day of the Lie, where one a bunch of kids make an elaborate joke about the school nerd - promising sex to him in the shower, and giving him public humiliation and a face in the bathroom (all while he's naked!). The coach puts an end to it, but both sides swear revenge. But, the cool kids end up burning the live nerd. <br /> <br /> Cut to the future, and to your high school reunion, or else they think (bwahahha?). The only ones with invitations were the gang that burned the child, and their Day of Lies (or, in fact, the day before April Fools, but the fun starts at midnight), but they can not see the coincidence and get out on the front of school until dusk. Then they finally invade the school and start attacking. Inside they find food / drink and a small sanctuary for each of them, each of their closets and belongings, along with Marty's closet (the nerds). and yearbook. They also find the old black janitor / janitor who spends his time saying "Oooh yesser! Yesser! I do not want any problems, sir!" and then is killed instantly. A very meaningless character, but he is still my favorite. <br /> <br /> The movie takes a page from Alien's book in a deliciously bloody way you just need to see! This is when everyone realizes that they are there to die, and they start to freak out, with the exception of Shirley, who decides it would be best to take a shower in the old school showers at a time like this. Of course, it spills blood and acid and your face melts (very cool, remember) The rest of the night goes as usual, sex, drugs and Marty killing everyone while wearing a jester's mask ... Which is their plan? "All we have to do is stay awake and wait till noon. Marty will not kill us in the middle of the day!" Seriously, that's what he said. Apparently you can only kill at night. But will they survive through the night? Who will live and who will die? And why are all bodies disappearing? Rent, buy or steal this great movie to find out! The movie is really very good, full of clichés (the car will not start, DAMMIT!) And simply fun slasher. Not to mention they all have names like Carol and Nany and Frank and Joe and Susan. I recommend it to all of you! And, not to mention, have a Spin Off! The Cut Class of 1989 is a spin-off of this slasher's gem, and this film begins the career of Brad Pitt and Roddy McDowell. Favorite scene: 2 people having sex, the guy wants to finish, but the girl does not "Speak dirty to me, Frank !!" she screams "Uh ... breasts!" "DIRTIER!" "Uh ... breasts, F * ck, Breasts, Boobs, F * ck". It seems to work for her and at her climax, the killer electrocute them both!
