Slaughter High begins just like any other day at Doddsville County High School where Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) cheated resident nerd Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the girls' dressing rooms, where she tells him to undress in the shower, meanwhile The gang of Carol's friends arrives and gives a big surprise to Marty, now nude, as they film him while they stick their heads in the girls' bathroom in an April Fool's Day joke. The school sports coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes the gang who blame Marty, they decide to play another trick on him only this time things get out of control and Marty gets caught in a blast and has nitric acid splashed on his face . Years later, and the whole class is invited to a class reunion at the now closed school, they all come to find out that they are the only ones there. They all venture inside where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones there as Marty is back and has revenge on his mind ... Originally filmed under the title April Fool's Day, which they have probably changed because of another horror film called April Fool's Day (1986), in the same year, this co-production of American English is unusual, as it has three credited writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never seeing a movie with three credited). director now I've seen two in a week being the other the Jean-Claude Van Damme Kickboxer movie (1989)) and I have to say that I really enjoyed Slaughter High, although it seems to have a very bad reputation. One of the things I like about the script is that it's a pure slasher movie without shame, it does not try to be anything else and just accepts the rules of genres, short comings and traps and plays with them. Basically, he does what he promises, a homicidal murderer, blood, breasts and girls. I thought the character was okay, the story was good although it's just an excuse to have a load of teenagers inside an isolated spot so some killer can beat them one at a time and I really enjoyed the twisting end too something for which Slaughter High receives many criticisms. The first half begins a little slow, but the second half moves at a rate of knots, as there is one bloody killing after another. Some of the situations and reactions of the characters make little sense, but the same can be said of any film already made, so who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Although three credited directors, Slaughter High did quite well, I liked the look of the movie a lot. The secluded abstract school made for a really atmospheric location and looked good, manufacturers throw in a storm well and there are some nice photography, especially in the end where there are countless uninterrupted long-lasting stevedam that follow Carol through several aisles of the school decadent. While not particularly stylish, it certainly looks good enough and is professionally done. There's a good gulp here, including burned bodies, acid-melted people, impalations, stomach blasts, axes in the face and death by mower, as well as someone drowning in fecal matter through a drain! The special effects are also better than you might expect, and I was impressed and pleased with the greater number of bodies expected. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is better than I expected and beats the most low budget crap that is released today, I would have thought it was a relatively low budget. Supposedly defined in America this was very obviously filmed in England. Harry Manfredini compose another score that sounds just like all his other scores and is basically the same theme as Friday the 13th (1980) and its sequels. Anyone who lives here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman who played Frank as a regular on Emmerdale Farm (one of our most respected novels) in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare role to face. The legendary producer of exploration, Dick Randall, made the writing of Slaughter High and actually appears in the film as producer of porn movies ... talk about typecasting! You can also see a poster for the incomprehensible brilliance that was Pieces (1982), which he also produced in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a horror movie that I really liked, did you see it? ? I did not say it was great I actually said I enjoyed it on a personal level and I'm sure the predictable plot and lack of story will probably put many off so I can not recommend it but I can say I enjoyed it, make it up what you want. Be sure to watch the uncut version if you decide you want to take a look. If you are not a fan of the slasher genre, then Slaughter High will not change your mind but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher then you can do much worse than that.
