God bless the horror movies of the '80s. This is a funny and fun movie. This is what horror movies are all about. Now I'm not saying horror movies, just horror movies. It goes something like this: a high school nerd gets caught up in all these idiots and cheerleaders, and then one of their games goes terribly wrong. Challenged and back for revenge, sporting a Joker / Jester mask (pretty scary, I might add), Marty begins killing teenagers one by one many years later after he manages to make them believe that his old abandoned college is having a meeting. Is this basically the plot? What's wrong with that? That's the beauty of the horror movies of the '80s, most of them I would say. A lot of things can be so ridiculous, but they keep pulling you in as you go. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> He features some scandalous murders, and some are quite creative as well. (poisoning a beer can, acid bath, I do not remember a dart used before in any other horror movie as well) It is really a fun and fun movie. That is all. No matter the characters are complete idiots, it does not matter their stupidity, and they do not care about the scandalous and random things that occur in that movie. Such as lights being controlled by the killer (when he is not even exchanging any button, you will see) and toilets being able to release blood, baths being able to have acid coming out of them, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because that's what really makes it fun. <br /> <br /> Movies like this represent the slashers of the 80s. Never have movies like this ever been made, do you know why? It's not the 80's anymore. That's why you should enjoy them just for what they are, good fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are an unconditional fan of Slahsers like Friday the 13th. <br /> <br /> One last note from this film also had a very silly villain, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured, nerd, who kills all his former enemies in a scary Jester mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after the release of Slaughter High. This in itself adds something scary to the movie, and stays with it and even makes you feel sadder for the character Marty, I think. All in all, great slashers from the 80's fun! It's a shame it will never be the same again ...
