Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art with the smallest "artistic" objects imaginable. Daily items such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc. - items that most of us perceive to be, at best, utilities and discarded as being totally without aesthetic merit - are converted into glorious scene objects by Burtynsky's camera. It achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that are apparently always present in the industrialized world - for those who are perceptive enough to identify them, that is. Even piles of compacted litter can become objects of beauty when viewed through Burtynsky's lenses (but did we no longer know about "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where the man has already made inroads into nature - which may explain why even the people in his photos (ie the workers in those places) in their uniforms and robotic motions , become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Manufactured Landscapes," a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has much of a "Koyaanisqatsi" feel about it, as it dazzles us with its kaleidoscope of richly variegated images and patterns. . In fact, director Jennifer Baichwal and director of photography Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic terms, while his own camera records Burtynsky and his assistant doing photo shoots at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh. construction site at the Three Rivers Gorge Dam massive project in China. With their fluid camera work, filmmakers combine the beauty of Burtynsky's images point to point. In fact, the film begins with an impressive eight-minute footage of a Chinese factory where hundreds of similarly dressed workers work in perfectly symmetrical, color-coordinated lines. The film does less Well, when Burtynsky manages to articulate the "themes" of his work, which frankly sound confusing, contradictory, and decidedly half-cooked at best. But it is like a purely aesthetic experience, highlighting the image and the form, that "Landscapes Manufaturated" resonates more. In Burtynsky's case, perhaps, an image is worth a thousand words.
