I had heard that this movie was a study of the art of a landscape photographer, presenting the beauty in man deconstructing the natural landscape. He certainly showed laborious activities to find places, set up photos and capture strong images whose final destinations were art studios around the world. Joining moving pictures is really a show of terror. <br /> <br /> This film overflows, supplanting the clash of hideous images with gentle waves of a wonderful industrial soundtrack that guides you in the lazy river. Each sequence is by itself, but in combination you delve more and more into the overwhelming sense of inevitability. There are few words, this allows the greatness of what is shown to preach in its own way. A huge factory full of human automata living in irredeemably lifeless dormitories. Individuals die early while searching for recyclable waste in the mountains of our junk mail. The birth of gigantic ships and their destruction by hand in giant cemeteries. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in the history of mankind and probably for all time. The time lapse as a city dies and is simultaneously reborn in a replica of modernity that intentionally destroys all the relics of the culture that it was. <br /> <br /> The most terrifying picture for me was a dams engineer explaining that the most important function of the dam was flood control. The shot switches to the orchard behind the spokesperson where you witness the level of the last flood by the toxic water having eaten the bark of the trees, demonstrating that nothing but the most heinous worm could be living in the waters. <br /> <The obvious that is not being said is much more powerful than your normal Save the Earth documentaries. Artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method wonderfully. 'Why not say what you should see? many people today sit in an uncomfortable place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but realize that we are creating problems that are deep. It is not a simple right or wrong. It needs a new way of thinking. ' The subtlety of it goes down to one or another proposition, but the images in the film scream that the decision was made in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> Although it has never been stated directly in any way, how do the waves of what you witness drift away from your consciousness and do you contemplate, is there only one conclusion possible? we are doomed. The progress of humanity that is inexorable of our natures leaves behind the carnage in which this artist finds a terrifying beauty. What he is really capturing is the traces of us lemmings, running unconsciously toward our own death. Unlike most films with environmental themes, this ends without appealing to guns. He basically argues what the point is, but ensures that you put the blame correctly on all of us equally.
