This is a documentary that came out of the splendid work of a Canadian landscape photographer, whose interest has long been in the havoc left on the earth by excavations or man's buildings. It starts with a vast complex of factories crowded with people doing a wide variety of little things, presumably high-tech equipment parts; is not really very clear. The emphasis is on how big the place is and how many people are there and how they are taken out in small yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a high frame to make a set of these people out of the factory and talking to their team while doing so. This is a world of ruthless industrialization. It is a relief, at least, to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case of Nikolaus Geyrhalter's jubilant documentary on the food industry, Our Daily Bread. 'Manufactured Landscapes' contains images of people sweeping junk and a city (many cities, actually) being destroyed by the greatest dam of all time, with a single trademark of a little girl in the rubble of her own neighborhood eating away from home. a bowl using a pair of chopsticks almost bigger than her. Some of these scenes, those with miserably underpaid workers in dangerous and toxic places, could have been filmed memorably by the deceived photographer Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not so interested in seeing people up close. His guidance places him somewhere between Salgado and the cool and neutral modern landscapes of Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All this happens in China, of course, although there are previous black and white pictures of the photographer working. around a major shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in a New Age industrial style that is alternately soothing and oppressive. Are there many stills from the photographer's work - or were some of them made by the film crew? It is not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see people wandering through exhibits of their beautiful work - large dramatic prints of colorfully camera-composed images carefully composed with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious pictures of places that are essentially ruined, and to the ordinary eye are discouraging and boring. He admits that he does not take political stand. When we are able to compare his images with those captured by the rooking eye of film director Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work almost amounts to a kind of glorification and therefore falsification. But he is showing us places that, if we look closely, reveal his complete and somber history of devastation and neglect, no matter how well crafted the photographs are. <br /> <br /> Of course, but not entirely fortunately, Burtynsky is the one who narrates the bulk of the film as it varies on several websites. Burtynsky's "epiphanies" may have inspired his decades of good work, but they are truisms about how we are irreparably changing the planet; depend on oil, which will end; that China has entered the game of mass industrialization late, and thus may run out early with the depletion of fossil fuel. The interest of "Manufactured Landscapes" would be much greater if there were new perceptive ideas to accompany it. The reasons for it are two: to see glimpses of the work of Burtynsky and the raw materials, the spaces he visits and narrates so beautifully; and watch scenes of the vast, awesome, scary, and horrifying industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narration, the idea of ​​the title 'Manufactured Landscapes' seems insufficiently developed. It seems even a misunderstanding. They are new landscapes, but they are the byproduct of manufacturing, not "manufactured". 'Scenery of waste' or 'wasted landscapes' may be better titles. There is much space left by this documentary for a more intellectually investigative work on this intriguing subject; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky can do better to examine their books or exhibitions.
