As soon as I heard Keira Knighteley was in that movie, I said, "I have to watch this movie." She is the undisputed main character, Domino, a bounty hunter. His "work," as the "actionless" scenes would teach us, reflects his rebellious and violent attitude toward life. I have to admit that it is the first time I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the weapons are far from the hands of the characters. So that got me a little stomped. Anyway, for all of John Woo's fans, there are helicopters dropping, blasts, shots as if it were raining, and a beautiful Keira who shoots two machine guns, one at a time. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, who in this movie is a real brat, very different from the lovely action figure we are accustomed to seeing, Mickey Rourke is back with his flip-flop face and powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job very well, as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> Let's go to content: this movie has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. Anyone who saw this load of. . . you know what, you can say that this is the air you breathe in these situations. Like the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "rubbish, no offense," he responds, "I do not take that as an offense." This movie portrays a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world that did not want her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a "not so generous" bounty hunter, Choco (the third face of the band), which family is (in Ed's words) institutes he has been, "and Alf, the driver / bomber coming from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people represents in some way the humanity born "without the shirt"; unhappy, violent and with nothing to lose, except (as they would consider) miserable lives. The introduction of the film says it is "inspired by true story ... more or less," so I could not tell how much of these things is true. Anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see, and classified as an action movie), the story of the characters is too realistic to be "sweetened" . <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is varied, well studied and definitely not boring. What did not convince me so much was the psychiatrist's role (Lucy Liu, sober as never before in her acting career). It represents only the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and this is a story). Probably the only "con" in a movie with many "pros". <br /> <br /> On the whole: This is not "SWAT". Characters are created; they have an identity, a form. They have a first and last name (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It is a case of saying that it is the biography of a girl whose life was as fast as a bullet.
