Advance notice: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview for this movie, I was thinking "Finally!" I still have to see a film about the popular African-influenced dance (whether popular hip hop moves, break or stepping), where the main character was a black woman. I saw an excessive amount of movies in which a non-black woman who knew nothing about hip hop reached the limit and did a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but The Black Women in the film are almost nonexistent. This has always bothered me considering both hip hop and dance influenced by Africans, and the break was with blacks and Latinos in large numbers on those particular sets and it was not always the man who did it, so I felt that this movie has been a long time coming. However, the race does not make the movie, so I also wanted it to carry a plausible plot; dance is fun; and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really enjoyed this movie bringing the Jamaican culture. I do not remember seeing a popular and popular movie where all the main characters were Jamaicans; had credible accents; and were not stereotyped with hats. Steppers, family members, friends and even the "bad guys" were really smart and realistic people who were trying to love, live and survive in the neighborhood where they lived doing something positive. Even as the audience became aware that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, he still did not make the stereotypical plot. I was pleased with the way it was portrayed. I loved the step; the romantic relationship of flirting going on between two steppers; the trials that the main character's parents were experiencing; and how she coped with going back to her old neighborhood and dealing with Crabs in a Barrel. I respected that she was so clever and active at the same time, and so many other sistas in the movie were behaving in the world of footsteps. They were all as excellent as the guys. I do not see this in many movies these days, at least not those who would be considered black movies. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not sure why the directors or whoever put the film together did this, but I question if they've ever been to actual shows. Whenever the steppers prepared to play, hip hop music played instead of the steppers' hands / feet. In a real show, there is no need for music, except for entertaining the crowds between the groups. And then, when hip hop songs were played, sometimes the beat of the song was in the rhythm of the steppers' hands and feet. It was weird. I was more impressed with stepping in this film versus "Stomp the Yard," because women have to portray themselves as fierce as the boys (in "Stomp the Yard," Meagan Good got every second of some twist and hair pompous turned and the (Deltas?) let out a shout and a few steps and were cut off immediately). Even when there were very small scenes, women would tear it up, especially in the car store, and there was music to muffle their physical music. I know that soundtracks have to be sold, but movie people could have played the music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, I kept thinking, "Is it in the script that she's constantly putting her hand on her hip when she talks?" She looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi. Deray Davis was funny as always. Also, I groaned when I discovered that the movie should be in the ghetto, as stepping could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood as usual. However, only a few people have been portrayed as overly ignorant due to their neighborhood and losers, which traditional films tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this film five stars, but the music that killed it killed. for me. I definitely plan on buying it when it comes out and I hope the bonus scenes include the actual steps without all the songs.
