In the film adaptation of Canadian director Kari Skogland of Margaret Laurence's novel, The Stone of the Angel, Ellen Burstyn is Hagar Shipley, a proud and grumpy woman approaching her ninety who wishes to remain independent until the end, stubbornly refusing to be placed in an asylum by her. well-meaning son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada, and set in the fictional city of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is a direct and conventional interpretation of the book that was requested in Canadian high school English classes for almost half a century. The title of the film comes from the stone statue erected on the tomb of Hagar's mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions during his tumultuous life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but it's a bit too nice to fully realize the self-destructive ego-driven character who has alienated her wealthy father, her well-meaning but alcoholic husband, and her two children. As she approaches the end of her days, she reflects that "pride was my desert and the devil who guided me was afraid. I was alone, never again and never free, because I carried my chains within me and they spread. out of me and handcuffed everything I touched. " Confronting having to spend his last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks at his life and looks at his failed relationships, his memories shown in voiceless flashbacks - over the narration. The story begins with a dance she watched as a young girl. Accompanied by his Aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city is tarnished because of his association with the Native American population. The young Agar is played by Christine Horne, who is exceptional in her first leading role. Despite Hagar's plea, his relationship with Bram is dismissed by his cold and rigid father, whose refusal to attend the wedding begins the marriage on the wrong foot. This is exacerbated by the fact that he leaves all his money to the city of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> Going into the intentions of his marriage to Bram, Hagar withdraws from social activities to avoid being rejected by the upper classes of the city. When she produces two children, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she is unable to give them the love they need. "All the joy I could have had in my man or any child of mine or even in the morning light," she reflects, "all were forced to stop by some breach of proper appearances ??" When I spoke the truth of the heart? "Like the biblical Hagar who fled to the desert because she could not tolerate any further affront to her pride, Hagar leaves Manawaka to live in Ontario, but ends up returning to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> As the scene switches back to the present, Hagar flees to an abandoned house near the ocean that she remembers of her childhood to escape being placed in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy), here she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who takes an interest in her and compels her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she has made in her life. The Stone Angel takes all the emotional stops, but never fully develops her characters to the point of feeling any interest in the outcome of the story, although Ellen Page's spirited acting as John's devoted and naive girlfriend and the final moving scenes bring a new energy. for the second half of the movie.
