I was surprised at how much I liked this drama delivered more carefully, which, due to its impressive note 6.6, almost lost; as I rarely give the time of day to any movie rated below 7/10. Having said that, I am so happy to have given Stone Angel the vision I deserved. And so should you, if you are one of the ever rarer types of sensitive, soulful, thoughtful people left on this earth in living form. <br /> <br /> I must say that in many ways (although not all), viz. its themes, execution, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me much of the highly praised "The Notebook". I'm so surprised that other commentators have not noticed the many similarities that have impressed me throughout the film, so I can only assume that those who wrote comments have not yet seen the Notebook. They can not share any Alzheimer's theme, but I can safely say that if you really liked "The Notebook" you will certainly find plenty to engage your time more fruitfully with "The Stone Angel." But even if you have not seen the Notebook, or read the book on which this movement is based (which, by the way, I do not have either) you should definitely find a lot to catch your attention - as long as your favorite genres do not include thrillers quick action. This is a movie for thinkers and for those who like to reminisce about the passage of time, how life changes over the years, and what may have happened in a person's life over the years. <br /> <br /> That's bizarre underrated yet great movie really deserves a rating of approximately 8/10. I can only blame his current low score of 6.6 / 10 on the 11% of idiots who gave 1/10. After all, it attracted less than 300 votes at the time of writing this comment. However, if those 11% who gave the lowest rating possible were actually expecting car chases and blasts, why did not they look ... for only a few seconds on the premises and promotional lines of the movie? Oh dear ... Whatever the world, do not miss the most underrated gem of a movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie your top ten does not include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator).
