Homelessness (or Houselesseless, as George Carlin noted) has been an issue for years, but never a plan to help those on the street who were once considered human beings who have done everything to go to school, work or work to vote for the matter. Most people consider homeless people to be a lost cause while discussing things like racism, the war in Iraq, the pressure on children, the success of technology, the election, inflation or worrying whether they will be on the streets next come, fear. <br /> <br /> But what if you had a bet to live on the street for a month without the luxuries you once had from home, the entertainment programs, a bathroom, pictures on the wall , a computer, and everything you once appreciated to see what it's like to be homeless? This is the lesson of Goddard Bolt. Mel Brooks (the director) is playing as Bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until he decides to bet with a Sissy rival (Jeffery Tambor) if he has thirty days without luxury can live on the street; If Bolt succeeds, he can do whatever he wants with a future project to build more buildings. The bet is at the point where Bolt is thrown onto the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor every move he can not make to get off the sidewalk. He's nicknamed Pepto by a tramp after being written on his forehead, where Bolt encounters other characters, including a woman named Molly (Lesley Ann Warren), a former dancer who divorced before giving her a name Home lost, and her colleagues Sailor (Howard) Morris) and Dumes (Teddy Wilson), who are already used to the street. They are survivors. Bolt is not He is not used to making mutual agreements, as he once did, when he was rich, where he was fighting or fleeing, killing or being killed. <br /> <br /> Although the love affair between Molly and Bolt was not necessary to plot, I found "Life Stinks" is one of the most interesting films by Mel Brooks, in which he became a delicate one before he became a comedy Side compared to his slapstick works like Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein or Spaceballs, to show what it's worth, before it's lost the next day or on the other side makes a stupid bet like all the rich people, though they do not know what to do with their money. Maybe they should give it to the homeless, instead of using it like monopoly money. <br /> <br /> Or maybe this movie will inspire you to help others.
