When it comes to movies, I can be pretty choosy and I complain about everything and everything that is done wrong. While every film has its shortcomings, The Night Listener had an exceptionally low number. If you read the last review (it was hard because half of it was written in capital letters and did not contain any information about it) in the movie) you may have thought that this movie did not work very well. Unfortunately, if you read more than 3 lines in the same review, you have discovered the reason for contempt for the poster: he likes the fact that the director is gay (or that the production team smokes crack ... apparently). <br /> Despite the fact that I have never written a review before, I thought that this film deserved one for its merits, not because of the sexual orientation of its director. Let's go through a quick checklist first: 1. Great action? Absolute. I will not reveal a part of it, but the plot is very compelling and definitely not what one would expect due to the advertisement. This is a thriller, not a horror, and should be addressed as such. History will really astonish you, especially as it is true (and the conspiracy remained faithful to actual events). <br /> <br /> 2. Wonderful Spectacle Oh yes. A long time ago, Robin Williams freed himself from the chains of comedy casting, and since then he has flourished in serious roles for which many people would have written him off a decade ago. In his role in The Night Listener, who plays a radio host who is becoming more and more worried and in a case of ... well, I'll let you see for yourself, he's back in high form. <br /> <br /> 3. Excellent direction? Certainly. In contrast to the other poster I referred to, I actually know something about the direction. I have been fond of the art of direction at school for 3 years now. Of course, I really do not think that makes a difference (the only thing that matters if you like the direction), but I thought I should just re-state that I am based here on something essential relevant to my opinion Example: not the sexual orientation of the director (or the alleged drug habits of the production team, LOL). Patrick Stettner's direction was moody and dark, and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create those much-needed feelings of "tension and relaxation," rather than the messy, quick camera shots and quick cuts we are so often exposed to today , Some people can really tell you a story about their camera while others feel they have to make history with the camera. I appreciate it very much if someone has the courage today to simply use the camera as it should be used. This is an eyeball through which we all see. <br /> <br /> 4. Lighting, cinematography and editing? Great all around. I've written so much, and I could make ten more paragraphs about these last three things, so I'll just summarize it. <br /> <br /> In short, watch this movie. Do not listen to people with ulterior motives who have thrown away the garbage, especially if they are so stupid that they recognize this motive only to a quarter of their post. Enjoy the show! -Ben
