What is inexplicable? First, the hatred of this movie. It might not be the best movie ever, but give me a break, it has eleven Oscars for a reason, it has a HUNDREDS MILLION DOLLARS for a reason. It's a damn good movie. What brings the other inexplicable aspect of it. I have no idea why this movie left such an impression when I saw it in the cinemas. I re-watched it on TV and in the video, and it did not affect the result when I saw it on the big screen (twice or three times, in fact). But that could be it, the charm of it. It's a movie, yes, capital M, it's an epic, it's a spectacle in the order Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Well, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem to me somehow hokey, with the pounding drama and the excessive melodrama. Not that the Titanic has none of it. Well, the acting was really good. The melodrama was at times quite heavy. <br /> <br /> But the reason why Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. Usually, I enjoy movies that stimulate the mind or give me a visual thrill. This movie is not exactly stupid, but not cerebral at all. The visual thrill is simply a means to an end, to promote the emotions of the audience. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I do not respond to tears. But this is a torrent of power of ten million, an emotional rollercoaster that, if it were regular, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure if you watch it on video and decide that you hate it and have a stock of cynicism, you can not like this movie at all. But if you let this unbelief a little bit, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you will fully enjoy it. And take a look at the ten best feature films of all time. Is one of them bad? Is a single one of them scoring 1 in 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And this movie has made $ 1.8 billion worldwide. That can not be bad. Not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. How can you even think about comparing this with Spiderman? Spiderman was a fun movie, but it was a total knee-jerk from 9/11. it was just nothing special. Nobody will remember that in 50 years. but I'm pretty sure the Titanic will be remembered.
