The Titanic, staged by James Cameron, presents a fictional love story about the historic backdrop of the Titanic. The plot is simple, straightforward or not for those who love actions that spin and spin and that keep you in suspense. The end of the movie can be determined within minutes of the film's inception, but the love story is an interesting story. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young woman who has betrothed Cal (Billy Zane). At the beginning of the journey, Rose met Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-class artist who moved to America after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class, who cares so much for their social concerns. The two fall in love and the audience sees the sinking of the Titanic primarily through their eyes. The film begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group looking for treasures immersed in the stone Titanic, which has recently occurred. Rose DeWitt Bukater, one of the survivors of the Titanic, had heard on television about exploring the wreck and is flown to the boat from which the search is conducted to tell what she remembers to make the search easier. She recounts her memory of Titanic's only journey. This shifts the scene to Southampton, Ireland, where the Titanic took off on April 10, 1912, as all passengers board. After another stop on the Irish coast, the Titanic made its maiden voyage across the Atlantic to New York. Historically, the first few days of the journey have been uneventful, but the fictitious plot of the story unfolds at this time when Rose sees the hopeless trap of an engagement in which she falls in love with the wealthy Cal Hockley and falls in love with the third-class passenger Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, who was featured in the film, was asked by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship to make headlines and get additional publicity when they arrive in New York on Thursday night rather than Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered a fateful decision to go against his thirty-two years of experience to get the Titanic's legs at full speed. The Titanic had reports that the waters they sailed were full of icebergs in the Atlantic Ocean, but they ignored these warnings and continued at full speed, as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39 clock was an iceberg sighted. They tried to turn off the engines and spin the ship out of the way of the iceberg, but there was not enough time, and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side, as shown in the movie. The representation of the many small holes in the side of the ship and not a large cut on the side is accurate. The crew of the Titanic has dropped emergency calls and fired emergency rockets as shown until 2:18 when the lights finally failed. The lights of California were discovered six miles away, but they did not realize what was happening and did not respond to the Titanic's many requests for help. California had earlier tried to warn the Titanic of the severe ice that had caused them to stop their journey, but the Titanic had washed them away, causing the California to turn off the radio and leave the Titanic alone. The first class women and children were the first to be put into the ship's 20 lifeboats. Most of the third-class passengers suffered most of the deaths of all classes, and the crew was hit hard in this tragedy as well. The White Star Line and first class passengers' word was believed to be those of second and third class passengers when the authorities attempted to obtain information about the sinking. The metal used to build the Titanic has been found in recent years under severe cold conditions experienced during the night when the Titanic became extremely brittle. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its depiction of the events and times when these events took place on the Titanic. Many of the characters in the story were not real and were made just for the purpose of the film or as composite characters to portray possible qualities and ideas of people on the ship. The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal and Roses mother were all fictitious characters that represented different groups of people from that time. Still, many characters like the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; the ship designer Thomas Andrew; the representative of the White Star Line, Bruce Ismay; and all the officers of the Titanic were real. The maiden voyage would be Captain Edward Smith's last voyage anyway, as he planned to retire. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he worked his way up to his status as captain of the millionaire, as the Titanic sank. The representations of the officers are accurate, with only four surviving the tragedy, with the exception of the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his pistol. He is listed as heroic and misrepresented to a point that James Cameron apologized to his honor in the officer's former hometown and summoned him a memorial. As shown in the film, there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower-class passengers from non-English-speaking nations. Officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the lifeboat as shown. The old people shown in her bed when the water came into her room were based on Strauss's. Since Mrs. Strauss did not want to leave her husband's side, she refused to join her lifeboat and died with her husband at the Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim, who was shown sipping his brandy and smoking a cigar, went it in his best way. The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, also died, but his much younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued and later had medals for the crew of Carpethia, which brought the survivors of the Titanic from the water. Her ticket to the Titanic had cost over four thousand dollars, and at the end of her life she was broke. All interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced until the last porcelain and silverware. The barely seen gym is perfectly reproduced with all machines that match those on old photos. The wonderful costumes and costumes were an outstanding re-creation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The wealthy of that time dominated virtually everything, since women's female suffrage had not yet set in motion. Women often married for financial security during this time, as Rose considered doing so, and usually took her husband back, as Cal wished. The rich did not accept "new money" like Molly Brown, as shown. Everything was very formal at the time. Women had to be accompanied to dinner by a male figure as seen in the dining scenes. Smoking was not very common among women at that time, but the owners of cigarettes that just came in were used in the movie, as was the case with Rose. Men of the time generally smoked cigars, not cigarettes. Women were physically held by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron had no background in historical films, he brought Titanic experts together with two years of cross-references to the history of the Titanic, and few freedoms were taken. The beautiful cinematography and special effects made the movie even more stunning. <br /> <br /> There is a recognizable message in the Titanic movie, as people on the ship had about three hours to think about their demise. Director James Cameron shows the various reactions to this crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and makes you think about how you would have reacted if you had been on the Titanic that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it was produced, as he allows a glimpse into the wreckage of the Titanic. Only in the past fifteen years has the place of the actual Titanic been found and explored. This film could give us a deeper insight into a catastrophe that many would not have seen. However, it raises the moral question of whether people today should bring treasures from the wreck of a cemetery underwater. An attempt has been made to stop treasure hunt missions like those pictured in the Titanic, but all have failed. As it stands today, anyone can undertake a journey to the Titanic and take with them the valuables presented in the film to represent the common values ​​of our time in this matter. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is very well done. In order to get footage from the wreck on the seabed, twelve dives were needed to get all the footage for the film. In addition, a special camera had to be developed to withstand the strong pressure on the seabed. Cameron did not plan on getting the Titanic as far back in the 88 years since the sinking of the ship, but it turned out to provide a unique perspective for the ship. Throughout the film, the tracks of the Titanic wreck fade away during the actual journey on the Titanic scene. This shift between the modern scene and the past scene during the journey is an excellent transition through which history can be traced in a clear way. At the very beginning of the film, a septune recuperation is used to recreate the scene, as people have left the European coast on the Titanic, which distinguishes them from the rest of the film's events. Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most historical novels, we know the end, but it does not take the wonderful treats that can be found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film are material for the Oscar, including costumes, sound, imaging and editing. If you like interesting characters that give you an insight into the characters' lives in the early 1900s and how they face disaster, then this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
