I have avoided watching this movie for a long time. Long before it was published, I had dismissed it as an exaggerated, overly romantic piece of Hollywood Schmaltz, and I did not want to have anything to do with it. I never saw it in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - though I had never seen it before. Then I was asked to be a judge at a public speech contest in high school. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so great," she said. "They really felt like they were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my judge colleagues. One looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if she liked the movie so much, maybe she would want to know more about the real Titanic." Well, maybe, "I thought, and finally it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll take a look." I did not want to - and I did not - I loved it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where do I start? First, the direction, my high school public speaker was right, James Cameron manages to create an atmosphere that is almost "you are there." The happiness of life on board the most elegant ship in the world. when the news of the iceberg is first spread, then the rising sense of panic, you not only look at it, you really feel it, then - the performances, the main achievements of Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are Excellent - Winslet is the supervisor, I thought, but both They were good, they had their rich girls / poor boys a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, Frances Fisher as Roses mother was stealing the show. She was perfect as a snobarist, and you could feel the fear and disgust she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I am not an expert on the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a great job of faithfully recreating the historical details and then seamlessly drawing them around the fictional romance. Very impressive. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken along with Celine Dion's performance "My Heart Goes On"? <br /> <br /> problems. Well, the romance might have been invented, in the sense that I simply did not accept that Jack could have moved so easily from steering to first grade. (I know that he was invited for the first time, but he always seems to be in first grade without being stopped until he's been there for a while.) The realities of separating social classes were far more realistic, I thought. As the tax passengers were to remain imprisoned there after the impact on the iceberg, while the first-class people could enjoy half-empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A little mistake. This is really an excellent movie. I'm just sorry I did not see it in the theater, where I think it would have been so much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
