I remember the year 1997: Clinton forbids the cloning of research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the World Cup and a woman gave birth to Septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: A story about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love, but torn apart by their social class and intoxicated by the world Height of her emotional engagement hits the ship in disaster. I do not think anybody could have expected the Titanic to be as huge as it was. The movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, of which 85% were teenagers, I was 12 years old and of course saw the movie several times. It was the movie that made me believe that the love Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. By the time I felt that the Titanic could not go wrong, of course I was an adult and I have not seen the movie since I was 14. A few years ago I saw the movie on DVD for 5.99 and got a good price to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie ever? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know, that's stupid to say, but I watched the movie again. To be honest, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie ever. No, it just depends on your idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic provided romance, humor, disasters, emotions and never let us set out on this maiden voyage. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, looking for a necklace studded with a precious blue diamond, the heart of the ocean. Instead, they unsuccessfully discover the drawing of a young woman lying naked, carrying the heart of the ocean. It dates to the day Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns about the drawing and contacts Lovett to let him know she's the woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert remembered her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, 17-year-old Rose from the upper class and her fiancée Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, board the ship, both of which emphasize the importance of Roses commitment to Cal, as marriage will mean the eradication of marriage Dewitt-Bukater- Debt: While they have the outward appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are financially broke. Distraught and frustrated at her engagement with the controlling Cal and the pressure her mother exerted on marriage, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the back. Before she jumps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose make a timid friendship as they thank him for saving their lives, and he talks about his adventures, which he travels and sketches. Their bond deepens as they leave a stifling, high-class dinner for the rich of rapport education to create a much livelier gathering of Irish dance, music and beer in third grade. But after Cael's servant informs him of Roses' whereabouts, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after witnessing a woman who encouraged her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "real lady" over tea, Rose defies him and her mother, asking Jack to sketch her act and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean, an engagement present from Cal. After a nice moment in the very first backseat fun time, they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> Then they will witness the deadly collision of the ship with an iceberg. After overhearing the ship's lookouts and discussing how serious the collision is, Jack tells Jack to warn her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal finds Roses naked drawing and her mocking note in his safe. He framed Jack to have stolen the heart of the ocean by putting Lovejoy in Jack's pocket. When Cal learns that he plans to die under Jack, Rose runs away from him and her mother to rescue him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Although Cal and Jack are enemies, both want Rose safe, so they persuade her to board a lifeboat. However, when she realizes that she can not leave Jack, Rose jumps back onto the ship and meets Jack in the first-class staircase of the ship. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats are gone, and the ship finally heads down into the freezing Atlantic, Jack and Rose being shut down. I still say that this is a great movie to watch. I think there were a lot of haters who, for whatever reason, just want to get rid of the movie because they won a lot of prizes and everyone was in love with the movie. But it has great spectacles, amazing effects, a well-written story, and yet looks immaculate. Love it or hate it, you must admit that this movie did not get much hype because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry straight away. This movie is something special. It will always have a special place in my heart, it has also seen that I saw this movie eight times in the cinema when it was released. Apart from that, I recommend this movie. He is a great movie and will surely one day get into the classics. <br /> <br /> 10/10
