ELEPHANT WALK may not be the pinnacle of literature or film, but in quasi-melodramatic mode, it's a good conversation. It is the story of love, which is both sincere and unauthorized, and ambition, surrender, and the arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous reviewer, John Mankin, wonders why the center of the movie, the mansion called Elephant Walk, was to be built by the former owner, the "governor" of the late Tom Wiley, directly opposite the traditional elephant's path to the major source of water , of the river. To overlook this point essentially means to overlook the point of the entire film center: man's hubris. That his son, played by Peter Finch, should be captivated by the superpicture and the riddle of his revered father, is not unexpected, since the son grew up without a mother and grew up in a strange jungle with only his father and his father's rudeligen boy "Club" as his role models. The point of the father was that he was a self-educated man who would tame nature to his liking, and that this favor was not just a tea plantation on the land where the elephants once dominated, but also that he himself was the big one It would dominate the herd, and so he would dominate his son and his surroundings, so we join history after the elephants have denied access to their waterway during the crucial dry season. Who knew that this dry season would take so long and what the elephants would do in desperation to fetch water? This is the nexus of the movie: What animals will do to get water? What will people do to gain power or love? Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is the huge island off the Indian coast where the plantation is located, and you quickly learn that this is the true backdrop to the story, not just the cost of Miss Taylor. If it were not for this exotic location (most of the movie was filmed in Ceylon) and the magnificent "bungalow" this would have been just another potboiler. One must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place as it illuminates the wealth and power of the English immigrant conquerors who were part of the British state. Only through the use of virtual slave labor could you build such a rich residence of ebony, teak and marble. Not to be overlooked are the wonderfully carved jalees (lattice work windows and door borders), which were obviously established by the art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made by the cheap labor on the island. Such craftsmanship reveals the meticulous attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the blasphemes of time, place and architecture, there is always the fascination of Miss Taylor, as she does not really marry a man and is tacitly courted by another man, against the background described and under the overarching tyranny of the inheritance of a deceased man. Like I said, it's neither great literature nor great film, but it's a great spectacle long before that term was worsened by today's special effects extravaganzas. <br /> <br /> This is one of the films made on the big screen of an outside drive-ins, not on the home TV. Set up the largest screen so that it is easy to see.
