Scott Bartletts "OffOn" is crazy for nine minutes. It is a frontal attack on psychedelic, pulsating epilepsy-inducing flashlights and colors, and the first real fusion of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses nature pictures? especially the human face and the shape? to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions and to integrate these biological phenomena into the highly industrialized form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the fusion of humanity with its tools, its machines, its technology. This theme loosely connects with the subplot of HAL9000 in Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey" (1968) and indeed with Bartlet's opening sequence of images. flashing colors in front of a human eye in close-up? remembers Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The visuals are color intensive, a mix of crisp, vivid photography and ever grainy video, as if we were sitting too close to a TV screen (the final product was actually recorded on a television monitor). <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the release date of the movie. IMDb lists the movie as a 1972 release, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation cite 1968 as the correct year. Perhaps this difference reflects the time between the film's completion and its first public performance. Either way, the visuals are way ahead of their time, occasionally reminiscent of a music video from the '80s, and some of the techno music would not have gone wrong! 'OffOn' captures grainy, fragmented images and shows life from the distorted perspective of a computer processing too much information. I had a thought? and please do not you laugh about this free-thinking interpretation? that an alien civilization capturing Earth's television signals could receive such a disjointed extraterrestrial documentation of human life, a bizarre montage of vaguely-known images that could not make a coherent sense. Perhaps this is the point where humanity, with all its technology, eventually reaches an irreversible merging of film and video, purity and artificiality.
