Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is a definitive film of Indian cinema. Perhaps the first to portray the strict reality of corruption in the police and politics without restrictions, and how it affects a young police officer. A man who was forced by his cop father to the career of a police officer. We agreed that we grew up and saw a lot of good cop / hindi films, but that's different. Today's generation, which has grown up watching dark and realistic films like "Satya," "Company," may be an inferior product by comparison, but looks at the time of its creation. The film was absolutely unsurpassed in a time when people did not pay much attention to this cinema. Nevertheless, the film was one of the most sought after police films in the class and mass audience. For Om Puri it was the first breakthrough in Hindi cinema in the mainstream and he delivered a class as Inspector Velankar. It's more than a cop character, he has a lot of internalization of what is original in the play. Look at his scenes with his father, whom he hates, and Smita, whom he loves. Smita Patil kept the dignity of her character on the expected level. My God, what a natural expression she wore !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a find for me and he's a brilliant character actor when he has a chance & here in some scenes he trumped Om himself. The film is also a debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetty'. It's another story that he did not get such a meaty role and was almost forgotten today as one of the noisy villains in Dharmendra's B-Action movies. Look at the scene where Om becomes a rebel for his father for the first time (played by Amrish Puri), and next they share wine. How the inner truth began to reveal both the character and the feelings of love and hatred for each other. Two faces of Indian police - Masculinity & impotence and lying lie - half truth (ardh satya)? Kudos to Nihalani's touch. The film won two national awards for Best Hindi Feature Film & Best Actor Om Puri & 3 Filmfare Awards in the Best Picture, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor categories. <br /> <br /> Recommended for those who are interested in the nostalgia of serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Rating 8/10
