I loved this movie. Not being a fan of Ed Wood Jr., I prefer to appreciate his "boundless enthusiasm" and recognize his shortcomings. His films are fun, but his personal story is marked by pain. I hoped and was pleased to find that this movie was about understanding his tumultuous life rather than simply heaping it with posthumous praise. From start to finish, the film evolves from a documentary to a mythology, with the cast and spectator unexpectedly connected to each other and to Ed Wood Jr. What we get are people who knew Ed Wood. Best of all we talk about him from all perspectives, positive and negative, and show us her character as well as Ed. We get an insight into Ed's personal and professional life: from his romances, about his drinking, about his sexuality, about his friends to his enemies and even about his film production. <br /> <br /> The film itself is filmed in a low-budget way, out of respect for Ed, as if it were not disrespectful to use the techniques of most theatrically released 1996 films ( rather like wearing a nicer suit than the president). The stage designer uses humor and also a lot of insight if he is to balance the individual actors with their background. <br /> <br /> Fans will be thrilled to hear personal statements about Ed Wood's controversy, and new arrivals are amazed that this man was real. The DVD is full of impossible-to-find gems ("Crossroads of Lorado" and photo galleries), but the true treasure of this movie is its surprisingly compelling and coherent story. Ed Wood had a habit of defining people through their connection with him (for better or for worse) to the point where a woman would go down in history as a "pool owner" to baptize him and his friends once in their pool to let. This ability to define a person's heritage has a universal impact, as the film's most amazing effect is not just a well-rounded idea of ​​the man who was Ed Wood Jr., but also to provide a comprehensive insight into the community he created represents. At some point, the connection that Ed Wood made between the various characters in his life becomes clear, with no more than one actor being interviewed on screen, and the viewer has a strong sense of participation. Even the title points to the horror -Gen of the B-list, but in the end we see that this too is a friendliness. What starts out as disjointed stories of random people concludes with the conclusion that the entire cast is forever woven into an unpredictably coherent web that brings history into a compelling unity with Wood's legend. <br /> <br /> In many ways a life contradiction, Ed Wood Jr. could not be summed up to a single point of view. This joint effort is closest to knowing what we can ever get. It is itself a juxtaposition of themes and at the same time respectful, provocative, thoughtful, gripping, funny, sad, friendly and fulfilling.
