The Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is a very compelling film for what it tries to reproduce in its supranational sphere. It is a yakuza / triadic image involving police officers against Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in his first technical "debut", Takashi Miike already sets many aspects in films he would do from here to in. Social issues like the black market trade in precious goods, in this case human organs mostly from children; Nostalgia for childhood and roots, which prevailed especially in Dead or Alive 2; Nose-punching taboos such as gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; violent violence. It's certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's latest films, but this is expected when he tries things he's just learning after leaving a slew of video programming successes. It has all of these qualities, and it's also, like the movies that would follow it, wild and hearty, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in its drama, and solid for genre fans. <br /> <br /> The story is about two brothers, a Japanese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, pretty decent Eastwood anti-hero / hero), who became a detective, and another who became a gangster or a gangster - being one. The main gang, probably from a takeover group, comes from Wang (a clear pun for what the gang represents in their free time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical Wacko with real terror in his eyes) and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, threatening) even if they kept repeating a bid to a woman who had just clogged her eye after a bad deal), which are the reckless way to appear almost organic in a Miike movie. There are some intrigues related to organ trafficking in the gangsters of which Kiriya is almost victimized and the gang's bias for gay sex - at least with a small puppet doing all the main gangsters want. All this leads to revenge and salvation, qualities that Miike and his writer want to imitate of Shakespeare (hence the Macbeth has bitten Wang as he washes his bloody slopes after a gay sex and says, "It will not go away"). <br /> <br /> If this does not add up to the emotional level of the impact of a great Shakespearean game, this is equivalent for a movie like this one. Miike's goals are achieved in his lower ambitions, even though they have just been achieved: a gangster image with some additional hard family difficulties (the main tension between the brothers comes from their job and duty to their parents), notes on the cruel aspects of crime in the underworld, and what brings the kingdom of the rebellious sex psychologically into the characters with both sexes. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society contains more than a few moments of classic, biting black comedy from the Miike factory. Some of it just needs to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director is doing in his villainy, like the bit at the beginning where the chair smashes across the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation" as it does in a very large one Thing goes twisted area. There is even a loud line from the young sex slave after he ends an incident with one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his author are not here enough to turn the film into a full-fledged dark comedy like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there's enough to liven up the darker aspects of the story and the characters with appropriate ease /> <br / > The first entry in the "Black Society" trilogy, as it's called, was pretty impressive, and it's a nice, quasi-calling card from one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
