I am not entirely sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "master" in the genre of horror, as he has previously shot a horror movie titled "Wrong Turn", which was actually only slightly above average, but actually did with "Right to Die" is one of the best and scariest episodes in the entire second season of the "Masters of Horror" franchise. A similar underdog story happened in the first season when William Malone made one of the best episodes with "The Fair Haired Child", although his other feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" were pretty bad. <br /> <br /> The story of "Right to Die" skilfully ties in with today's hot debate on euthanasia, but fortunately it also features several old-fashioned horror themes such as spooky revenge, murderous conspiracies, jet-black humor and comic book violence. While driving home late one night and discussing the man's adultery, the Addison couple are in a terrible car accident. Cliff leaves the wreck unhurt, but his wife Abby is completely burned and needs to be artificially kept alive. While Cliff and his grubby lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") plugged in and tried to sue the automaker, Abbey's mother organized a massive media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and to accuse Cliff of everything. Meanwhile, Abbey's hateful spirit returns to avenge and kills someone in Cliff's environment when it has almost fatal medical device experiences. After some sacrifices, Cliff finds it safer for him to keep his wife alive, even if he wants to stay alive. "Right to Die" is an amazing episode and just what I've always wanted from a TV series concept like "Masters of Horror". It's violent and bloody with a sick and twisted sense of humor and lots of sleaze sequences. The theme of euthanasia and the entire compulsory media circus surrounding it will be well integrated into the script, without resorting unnecessarily to political views or moral action. The atmosphere is exciting and the killing sequences are accordingly uncomfortable and disturbing. The actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have a pretty face and impressive lush racks, which is always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen will finally be offered the opportunity to portray a co-operative and egocentric bastard. Great "MoH" episode; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
