Masters of Horror: Right to Starts late at night as Abby's couple (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home. However, while Cliffs distracts conversations, they collide with a tree that has fallen across the street. Cliff's airbag works OK and he disappears with minor injuries, unfortunately not for Abby and she ended up as toast when she was thrown out of the car and thrown into gasoline that burned her entire body. Abby's life is saved. She is taken to a hospital where she is severely injured on life support and horribly disfigured by the burns. Cliff decides she should die, his selfish advocate Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the automaker and get rich, while Abby's mother Pam (Linda Sorenson) accuses Cliff of wanting to get rich and save Abby. But Abby has other plans ... <br /> <br /> This American-Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film was Wrong Turn (2003), which hardly qualifies him alone.) Directed by a Masters of Horror episode) & was Episode 9 from Season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series, while I did not think Right to Die was the best Masters of Horror episode I've ever seen. Still, it's not nearly so as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). The screenplay by John Esposito has a pretty central idea that's nothing new, but it uses it effectively enough, though I'd say it's a bit inconsistent. The first 15 minutes focus on the horror element of the story, but then it goes on In twenty minutes, they take a break when it becomes a drama, during the legal dispute over Abby's life and the affair that puts Cliff at the center before she gets back on track, a deliciously bloody and twisted climax that can not be for the faint-hearted. The characters are a bit clichéd, the weak man, the twisted lawyer, the protective mother and the young guy who has sex to get what he wants, but all fulfill their purpose, the dialogue is fine, the story Moving at a good pace, Overall, Right to Die has pleased me, except for a few minutes here & there, where it loses focus and I was not thrilled with the ambiguous ending. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt does a good job & there are some effective scenes that try to switch between unobtrusive spooky atmosphere and enduring blood and blood. There are, as always, some fantastic special effects, there are recordings of Abby, in which the entire skin has burned away from her body and shows the image of her bandaged head with her teeth, because she has no more lips (pictures & make-up effects who reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its sequels), then at the end there is the main course, where Cliff literally catches someone who is completely filled with close-ups of scalpels that cut the skin and remove it from the skin pull off muscles and put in a cooler! Very messy. There are also different body parts. There is also some nudity with at least a couple of pretty ladies undressing nude. Technically Right to Die is outstanding, the special effects are brilliant and like most Masters of Horror episodes does not look like a cheap TV show that basically matches the truth. The acting was fine, but there are no big "names" in this one. <br /> <br /> Right to Die Another thrilling and slightly twisted Masters of Horror episode that most horror fans should definitely try, not just for the great skinning scene! Worth a watch ... for those with a belly.
