Stargate SG-1 follows the Egyptian mythologies introduced in Stargate and extends them. In the Stargate universe, people were made slaves by the Goa'ulds like Ra and Apophis and transported to habitable planets. For thousands of years, the Goa'uld have harvested humanity and strongly influenced and spread human cultures. As a result, Earth cultures such as the Aztecs, Mayas, Britons, Northerners, Mongols, Greeks, and Romans can be found on the well-known habitable planets of the galaxy. There are many mythical places like Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis that once existed or existed. <br /> <br /> At present, Earth's Stargate (located at an archaeological site near Giza in 1928) is housed in a top-secret US military base known as SGC (Stargate Command) under Cheyenne Mountain. Colonel Jack O'Neill (Anderson), dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Capt. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) form the original SG-1 team (some characters join or leave the team) in later seasons). Together with 24 other SG teams, they venture into distant planets, explore the galaxy and search for Goa'uld defense mechanisms, technology forms and alliances with friendly advanced races. <br /> <br /> The parasitic Goa'uld Use advanced technologies to make yourself Egyptian gods and rely on galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main opponents. They are a race of highly intelligent, ruthless, snake-like alien parasites that can invade and control the bodies of other species, including humans. The original archenemy of this race was the system of Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other system lords like Baal and Anubis play a crucial role in the later seasons. The ninth season features a new villain, the Ori. The Ori are advanced beings with an unfathomable technology from another galaxy, also focused on galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies a departure from the primary focus of Egyptian mythology in an exploration of the Arthurian mythology that surrounds the Ori, their followers and their enemies - the ancients.
