A man and his wife get into a terrible car accident. If the woman is in a persistent vegetative state, the man has to decide if he pulls the plug and lets it live. The decision becomes even more difficult as he realizes that her spirit wants revenge on him and his fellow man. <br /> <br /> This comes from director Rob Schmidt, who did not watch the "Wrong Turn" (a movie I have). With only a horror movie under my belt and not particularly notorious, I hesitated a bit to see this episode. I expect Schmidt to be a "master of terror" in the broadest sense. I apologize to him for my underestimation. Since episode 10 in a season with 13 episodes, this was actually the best ever. <br /> <br /> The topic "Right to Die" is treated in detail and treated to be a solid plotter. However, this is just the foundation on which history revolves. Once the horror elements emerge, the movie turns from decent to spectacular. Great acting, great action, great dialogue, great excitement. I was sometimes a bit crawling (which is good) and above all: the blood pressure is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before watching, in which the reviewer said there is a clear reference to "Hellraiser". In the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. A little later some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I do not want to say that this takes away the movie. I can not see any other way to create the effect that was created, and I think that looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot turns later and invite the viewer to give the movie a second look. I have not looked at it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had it (not that it's confusing). The subcontract with the dental hygienist is also nice, and I went back and forth, whether I did not like the main character because of his relationship with her, or whether I felt bad. He's sort of an anti-hero for the whole story, if you like. I feel inclined to rejoice as a protagonist, but he is completely unwelcome. <br /> <br /> Although the episode of Gordon Gordon may be better and I look forward to the episode "Washingtonians," I'm sure that this is the key episode of the season, and by far the saving grace of what else was inconspicuous and routine. If legends like John Carpenter have (again) let me down, I'm a bit worried about the future of the genre, but then a fresh face like Rob Schmidt comes in and gives me hope. This is a goalkeeper and please bring Schmidt for Season 3!
