It's amazing that a good, if not wonderful, film made in the early nineties can grow a whole lot of concessions. 'Star gate; No doubt, SG1 'is a worthy addition to the sci-fi genre and has the right to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Star Trek as kings of science fiction. <br /> <br /> Following on from the 1994 feature film "Stargate," Stargate (a military / science organization) notes that the Stargate system can be used to power various planets in the galaxy and beyond travel, and the military continues to explore a number of teams. SG1 is one such team led by military veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill. Among them are the archaeologist Doctor Daniel Jackson, the military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and the alien Teal'c, who betrayed his supreme leaders, hoping one day to liberate his people. The Earth quickly becomes an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and considers itself gods. <br /> <br /> The first-class cast must be much congratulated to bring this show life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as a cynical and sarcastic O'Neill who can quickly switch from boyish to deadly. Michael Shanks as Daniel brings to the character's heart and a will of steel that has become darker and more persistent as the show progresses from wide-eyed innocence. Amanda Tapping as Carter has perfected the balance between portraying the femininity of her character, ignoring the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is an outstanding Teal'c who is able to subtly portray the emotions of the character. And Don S. Davis is perfect as a valued General Hammond, who leads with a good balance between fairness and steadfastness. Nearly all episodes are intelligence-related and intelligence-based, reflecting both the moral dilemma and the dilemma of friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often set forth between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest characters are presented solidly and storybooks are treated in a way that will not bore viewers. SG1 is also characterized by humor, from O'Neill's Wisecracks to episodes that are just crazy and weird! SG1 offers everything from action to drama to romance to thrilling scenes of death. It's not just an excellent sci-fi show, but a great show overall.
