Tim Krabbe is the much acclaimed author of 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel that has been screened twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the Dutch writer's recent works is "De Grot", a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and surprisingly become friends for a good life. Egon is a quiet, slightly boring person who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party animal," a heavy drinking criminal whose daily concern is to bring a woman to his bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon as he envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); Egon is even dragged into illegal practices by Egon himself, leading to a deadly drug shipment in a remote Asian country. After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers particularly from the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as a fascinating portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes rather a mystery: the many episodes are not chronologically displayed, so two consecutive scenes seldom occur in the same episode. For this reason, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know the background of a character to really take care of him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters Egon and Axel are a bit stereotyped. Egon is the stupid intellectual, while Axel is his exact opposite. In real life such one-dimensional people rarely exist; In books and movies they always seem to be there, which brings with them a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Still, the movie was a pleasant surprise, much better than the book. The adaptation is characterized by her beautiful film art, her humor and her acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who makes you forget that he is IS (which in my opinion is the highest, the one actor can reach). However, the disadvantages of the film are the same as in the book: Mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying. Guess who wrote the script? In fact, crab itself. It's obvious that this talented director (that's what the movie makes clear anyway) is hampered by a flawed script. Maybe Koolhoven should have just chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
