RUMORS is a memorable entry in the series of wartime educational cartoons featuring Private Snafu. The films were directed at soldiers and were directed, animated and counted by some of Warner Bros. 'best talents. 'Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The invaluable Mel Blanc provided the voice for Snafu, and the stories and rhyme stories for many of the films were delivered by Theodor Geisel, d. H. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using the character of Snafu as the perfect negative example: he was the dope, the little guy who would do anything you should NOT do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but Army personnel also allowed the animators unusual freedom in terms of language and brutal jokes, certainly more than the theater censorship allowed. Naturally. <br /> <br /> As the title implies, this cartoon is an illustration of the harmful power of rumors. The setting is an army camp. Private Snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine (something you will not see in any other Hollywood movie of the era) and her casual conversation starts to get the ball rolling. We observe a spontaneous remark that misinterpret a bombing raid then becomes exaggerated and then an increasingly frightening rumor that rolls over the camp. The images are indeed animated: the brain of a worried soldier is portrayed as a seeping pot, while the feverish speech of another as hot, hot air, d. H. "balloon juice" is displayed. A soldier "shoots his mouth," as in a cannon, and before you know it, nonsense actually flies in all directions. Winged nonsense. Panic soldiers tell themselves that the Brooklyn Bridge has been pulverized, Coney Island has been wiped out, enemy troops have landed on the White House lawn, and the Japanese are in California. The visuals are becoming surreal and nightmarish, until finally the camp for "Rumor-itis" is quarantined and Private Snafu is locked up in a cushioned cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective piece. The filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and amazing energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imaginary) can trigger all kinds of wild rumors that are spreading faster than ever thanks to advances in communication. As technology has improved, the private snafus of our time can broadcast their own balloon juice via email, mobile, and blogging. Therefore, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime wartime film whose essential message is by no means outdated. In fact, it could be more up to date than ever before.
