Watching this movie was the biggest fun I've had in the cinema for a long time. However, I can not say whether this is a good movie or a bad one, because such simple qualifications simply can not be applied. This picture has everything that any movie could ever have. It has features of a romantic comedy, a political commentary, a thriller, a drama, an action movie, a musical, and an absurdist, self-assured art film. It's all in it and makes a myth. <br /> <br /> The basic requirement concerns an Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), who live happily in Canada and rush to India visiting the husband's parents after a disturbing news show. The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple is in the middle of a conspiracy theory. At one point, the story of "Not without my baby," but calling Shakti a remake of anything is an injustice. The apparent action leaves behind a series of amazing interruptions. including Shah Rukh Khan's dream of Aishwarya Rai, which comes from another film. In fact, the two stars can be seen on all posters, but they appear really late in the movie, and only Shah Rukh is a real character. Still, he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance. Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the most to do in this film, and she does admirable work by connecting the film's twists and turns with a show of believable emotions. Another notable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the tyrannical father of husband Shekhar. Nana Patekar dominates every scene he's in, with a sinister yet nuanced figure. The film is not without realism. Violence is widespread but really disturbing in the mistreatment suffered by most female characters, with Karishma beaten massively on several occasions. Sometimes this violence is clearly disconcerting, but in the end it becomes unreal, for every dramatic sequence is usually followed by such strange and spectacular twists that the total effect is nothing but cathartic. I have seen a part of Bollywood Publishing and blending genres and unbelievable action breaks are surely their norm. But "Shakti" raises the bar by taking on an even bigger masala without being ridiculous. It is a film that attains the grandeur of a Shakespearean tragedy in which the public is entertained by mobs and kings alike. It's a pure, free cinema, and director Krishna Vamsi must have had a good dream by throwing every trick in the book. Maybe the most important message of the violence that triggered violence and the inspiring dimensions of maternal love were not the thoughts in my head, but I got excited at the sight of "Shakti". Making movies can be the most fun in the world!
