Director Krishna Vamsi's Shakti-The Power, the Desi version of the Hollywood hit Not Without My Daughter, is a strong, female-oriented theme, the first self-produced by actress Sridevi. A story about a woman's fight against the hard injustice. <br /> <br /> The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with her two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and they marry soon. Her family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). Their fortune, however, is short-lived, as the news of Shekhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) lets her leave her perfect life in Canada and come to India. And then the problems begin. From the moment they reach India, both are shocked to see the pollution and huge crowds everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach Shekhar's village, and when they finally reach the station they have to take a long bus ride to their village. The dirty sweaty bus in combination with the unsafe terrain makes it an endless ride. And unfortunately for them, a raging mob that brought Shekhar out of shape without guilt from his attacks on her bus. Fortunately, they are shot just in time before they can hurt him further. Then they drive to the transfer Havel, where Shekhar's father Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law will be in charge as soon as she enters the place, but her only consolation is the warm welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> There, Nandini lives from her father's in-law tyrannical behavior and realizes that reckless killing is a way of life for him. The day she sees her father-in-law teach her son to throw a bomb, she loses the bomb, beats him, and challenges Shekhar to return to Canada. But the terror hits again when Shekhar is murdered one day and leaves a collapsed Nandini alone with her son in this strange land where she is tortured by a cruel father-in-law. Her fight against this man to save her son is the culmination of this emotional, heartbreaking movie. <br /> <br /> What sets Shakti apart from most of the late-shooting films is also the rural environment of the film. The only downside is the music of Ismail Darbar, which does not rise above the script. The only salvation is the sexy article number Ishq Kameena, which was composed by Anu Malik. Another tap for the director comes because he has won some great performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and has shown a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win prizes for this heated presentation. Second, actress Nana Patekar is back with this movie with a bang. His rude mannerisms fit him and he shows his versatility again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the film's surprise package with a straightforward and effective portrayal of the two other actors. Also Deepti Naval is in great shape and her pr-climax showdown with Nana is commendable. Shahrukh's cameo made for lighter moments, and he was certainly dressed to get the required star value. Although his role was not really required, he did well. Overall, Shakti is a far better movie than most, and the Pr release hype will certainly make for a good opening. Shakti will certainly make the critics and the audience sit up and take notice. What if the film has to be branched by at least two rolls to improve the effect? Shakti still has the power to move on without any problems!
