If a movie really stands out with the actors' acting skills, this is probably the one. I have never seen dialogues be spoken so harshly, but have a strong feeling. The movie was disturbing in a few moments. However, the film was terrible when editing. The film tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. As Karisma is beaten, and at the same time SRK (weird) fights with the police officers. The song of Ishq Kamina was very out of place. Besides, the movie is too shiny in the beginning. The direction was not bad, but for sure you can not brag. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors were chosen very wise. Without them, this film would have no effect. Karisma Kapoor has done her best role so far and that looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks pretty in the first half, and I have never screamed an actress who would scream with emotion and anger as well. Ironically, this is probably their weakest role so far. Nana Patekar was excellent as a father-in-law. Not much to say about him, besides, a role is done for him. Deepti Naval as mother-in-law was outstanding especially in her final scene. Although she does not have much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the little kid. He was adorable and sure brings tears to the viewer's eyes. The movie was probably desperately saved by her performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shah Rukh Khan was wasted in his bad boyish role. <br /> <br /> One thing that brought the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The song picture and the dancing are perfect for the raw lyrics of the song. And the boy Aish is very hot. The song, however, only belonged to being in another movie because it came at the worst moment ever. People may have come to Aish for the movie, but they will not brag about the movie afterwards. Hum Tum Miley had a decent pace, but seemed to be tearing as tension eased throughout the movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to rave about. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring to get the mood of the movie. Despite the poor editing, the performances alone are a must.
