The beauty of this film is shown in the great depiction of the power of a mother's love, the extraordinary performances, the steady execution and the thoroughly innovative script. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and little boy Raja. Suddenly she informs her husband that his family in India (of which she did not even know) is in trouble and the couple rushes to India. When they come to the village, Nanadini is shocked and scared to experience a very wild rural culture. Shekhar's family, ruled by his cruel, very cynical and merciless father, Narasimha, lives a poor and extremely violent lifestyle that is full of murder and terror, and that women are submissive and helpless. Nandini gnaws at Shekhar to return home, but is soon killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let Raja go to India. This is where the intense fight begins, which can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not featured very positively in this film, but it only shows a very small minority of its rural areas. it may even be right. In my opinion, the presentation is fair and not one-sided, since the positive side is also presented to some extent. Such a terrible sight could be shown in a movie about every country in the world. The locations are fantastic, the music is wonderful and the direction of Krishna Vamshi is supported by very effective cinematography and good editing. One thing that needs to be highlighted is the very pleasing background note from Ismail Darbar, it's beautiful. The characters are very well defined, although we can see both the bright and the dark sides in different areas of the movie. The film is consistently realistic and flows well and is an interesting and quite entertaining watch. His dialogues are superbly and intelligently written, and although the shocking events can be very disturbing in some places, many positive moments succeed in relieving the tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film is the performances. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very believable as Nandini. Their ability to find a balance between vulnerability and unrestricted emotion is simply unbelievable. It shows so much intensity, impulsiveness, fear and determination like the mother who wants to get her son back, that this little child seems to be her own son. Her outbursts before Nana Patekar, which are like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest woman can become a tigress when it comes to her child. This is their strongest performance after Fiza. Nana Patekar, one of the greatest actors in Indian cinema, is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hateful as Narasimha, but admirably as an actor who plays him. Patekar shows cruelty, wit and even humanity with full conviction. He is excellent. Another great achievement comes as no surprise from Deepti Naval, the most underrated Indian actress who sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shahrukh Khan offers great comic relief. Take a look at Shakti - it could have been better, but it's definitely a must.
