On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. The series begins about a year after the events in the film and is a spin-off and continuation of the 1994 film "Stargate" with Kurt Russell and James Spader. In ten seasons, the adventures and misadventures of an intrepid research team called SG-1 were recorded. Originally the series Richard Dean Anderson played as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l! S"), Michael Shanks as a dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years we have watched the battle of the teams against the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other attackers. At the same time, they forged alliances with the Asgard, the Tok'ra, the rebels Jaffa, the Nox and the Tollan. They have saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never given up until death demanded it. And sometimes not. <br /> <br /> As with all long-running series, there have been many changes of line-up. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to broaden his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as the team's archaeologist / geek was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a land called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only one more guest appearance and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of his seventh season in March 2004 when he felt it was time for him to leave. The original star of the show and arguably the most famous actor, Richard Dean Anderson, starred in the first eight seasons of the series. His participation in the seventh and in the eighth season was noticeably less than in previous seasons. In March 2005, he left "SG-1" to spend more time with his then-six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character on the show and, frankly, I've never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as the earlier episodes for that reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represents a new era for the program. With the departure of the main character and the defeat of the Goa'uld and the replicators in the eighth season, many fans felt that the series should reach a climax. However, the series lasted another two years, and the Ori replaced the Goa'uld as the main opponent of the series. Three new characters were used to fill in the gaps, so to speak, and to support this reinvention. Ben Browder came as a cocky pilot of the Southern Air Force, Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His co-star "Farscape", the lovely Claudia Black, played an important role in the series as the vivacious, sexy, witty and certainly extrovert Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld hostess and fellow combatant on another planet. As a recurring guest star in the eighth and ninth season, she entered fully into the cast at the beginning of the tenth and final season. Rounding out the casting was the legendary Beau Bridges as Major General Hank Landry, the new commander of the SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. For the last two years, they have played alongside the faithful "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping, and Christopher Judge) and became valuable parts of the Stargate franchise, making equally valuable contributions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end. During the first broadcast of the first episodes of season ten, ratings dropped significantly, leading to a cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. What started with "Children of the Gods" ended on March 13, 2007 with "Unending". The series finale celebrated its world premiere on Sky One in the UK and Ireland before being shown on June 22, 2007 on the sci-fi channel in the US. Legendary fans gathered in the air and even the science fiction series "Star Trek" was dwarfed by popularity in certain countries. It became the second longest sci-fi series in the world, behind "Doctor Who" (1963-1989) and the longest produced in the US sci-fi series, which surpasses "The X-Files" only a few months before The End. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. The success and popularity led in 2004 to the production of a spin-off series titled "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was discontinued after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film, Two Direct-to-Movies, broke through, DVD movies "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum" were released in 2008 and more are planned for the not-too-distant future. A third live-action series, "Stargate Universe", is also due to debut next year. (Unfortunately there was an animated series "Stargate Infinity", which ran only from 2002 to 2003, but the less said, the better). Despite the demise of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a sequential series, the future of "Stargate" indeed looks very bright. <br /> <br /> In summary, "Stargate" has not yet reached the same level Known as other big sci-fi TV movies like "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it's compared to these two Sci-fi giants are still relatively new and I am firmly convinced that it will take many, many more years Come on.
