Unequal Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor excellently qualifies as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child and then visits his family in India just to find out they are terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy follow, and the movie becomes a kind of "NOT WITHOUT MY BABY" thriller. The film is captivating, its few song / dance numbers are uninteresting and unnecessary. The talent of Bollywood's songs and dances is really inappropriate for the intensity of the drama of this movie, at least after we leave the comforting boundaries of their Canadian love nest? although a number with a cameo from the stunning Aishwarya Rai is provocative, though ultimately misplaced as well. Likewise, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a lucky drifter who helps Kapoor escape from the warlord's clutches makes a very serious drama a stupid farce, and it only bounces back when its character ?? and his fantasies about Rai making her cameo dance? omitted. His throw-away comic dialogue and the stupidity of his fight scenes adversely affect the film's gripping drama. The performers are superbly supported by Nana Patekar as warlord and the elegant Deepti Naval, who is known as a longtime wife who fights against him in one of the best scenes of the film. Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay's sisters in India and very enjoyable. But Sanjay himself is terribly exaggerating, especially during obvious commercials. The directorial style of screenwriter / director Krishna Wamsi is sloppy, rampant with rough transitions and abrupt cuts, though his camera movement is good. The musical underline is also very effective, atmospheric, with a wordless female voice over a small orchestra ensemble (too bad if it got on SHAKTI's soundtrack CD), but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value of including score and songs in their soundtrack Albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is the entire film by Karisma Kapoor, and the intensity of her performance as the film moves to India contrasts with the gentle romance she explored in the first Canadian scenes with Sanjay. Despite the unevenness of a large part of the picture, Karisma's performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise contradictory actions. In a strange way, I also found that the story was a different approach to the splendor of the kings that I noticed in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE. I had seen both of them before, although SHAKTI, of course, is a completely different kind of film; but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family? They live here in the severity of terrorism-controlled poverty in India and not in the elegance of Versailles or in the massive megalomania of the feudal Chinese Tang dynasty. whose selfish pursuit of power destroys many others and forces rebellion of one kind or another, gives the film a notable subtext.
