Most people looking for movies with Audrey Tautou do not seem to understand that Amelie was a character - it's not really the personality of Audrey Tautou, so not every movie she's involved in is part 2 of Amelie 3, etc. <br /> <br /> Well, as I said, I recorded this movie just because Audrey was there. Yes, it's true, there's a big gap after the first scene where she might not have been seen for 45 minutes, but I did not miss her because I had so much fun with the other characters. The guy who lies about everything is too funny, the guy who justifies people who leave his cafe and skip the bill by finding coupons and those that make up for the loss, in fact ... could go into all the characters Will take a while, but this is one of the best movies I've seen in a while. Audrey Tautous Character Irene is not the exaggerated sugar addict girl Amelie was. In fact, as Irene, her rudeness to a bum who asked for change caught me unprepared. In this film, Irene is a girl with good intentions, but in the course of a (very terrible) day, her disposition is always sour and pessimistic. <br /> <br /> What sets this movie apart are you. I've built all these really interesting stories and actions ... very entertaining, great scenery and shots, very colorful and never too slow, and all the characters can actually work , The best part of the movie is about 20 minutes. Then all the plots begin to cross and the ride really increases and everything blends together and makes sense, and the whole butterfly effect blooms. I swear, it was the best 20 minutes of the movie I've seen in quite some time and the end ... I had to think, "damn, I was really lucky to find this movie". The end of this movie is first class. Anyone who wrote the script for it is brilliant, because not only are all the other subplots in progress, but they can somehow be put together (and in a sensible way, as is the case here), as well as any character to feel human and alive, not just an outdated persona that is used as a crutch to build this whole butterfly effect ... very impressive. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie, as it is a great movie you can do anytime, in any mood, with any company or alone.
