When a wealthy tycoon dies in a plane crash, his twin sister Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy) does not believe he took control of a suicide dive (even though the snuff is in the family), but his three beautiful daughters did not care less , The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), works for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), which soon forces him to help her take control of the estate to her troubled sister Lorna (Sara Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker) denied. , Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna if he does not ward off the progress of another sister, the nymph Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a chasm as Norton falls into his prey. All bets are like a world of pain, including bullying, seduction, suicide, blackmail, murder plot, man act, crossbones, disfigurement, and poetic justice, the "Craig Manor," an imposing mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea. .. <br /> <br /> This absurd potboiler would be a perfect second feature for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also from 1956. Douglas Sirk's saga of a powerful (and highly dysfunctional) oil clan was said I did the night television show DALLAS Craig's low-brain excursion into madness seems to come from his sinful sister soap DYNASTY. All three siblings (only one of them is really bad) are great beauties, but it is Kathleen Hughes' cartoon Villainy. Valerie is tireless in her quest to inherit family fortune, and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie's many guilty pleasures. Teen sister Vicki is also quite a piece of work, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, she tries to sit on Norton's lap while he still stands by coming up to him with the line "I completed the summa cum laude of Embrace-able U". Whew! <br /> <br /> THREE BATH SISTERS, produced by Lockman Howard W. Koch, is a great trash-wallow in the excess of exploitation and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, '50s John " Revenge Of The Creature "Bromfield (once married to the French sex pot Corinne Calvet), Universal Starlet Sara Shane (spotted by Hedy Lamarr), Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" It came from outer space "Hughes, and former dumbass Screen star Madge Kennedy gives everything she has - however, much or little. The future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is briefly the victim of Vicki. <br /> <br /> B-Movie Rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body English) made awesome movies! THREE BAD SISTERS recently appeared on the big movie as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir Festival, but the jury is still wiping soap foam ... oh yes, it's Noir (5/10 on the Noirometer).
