Most Yeti images are fatally undermined by a serious lack of energy and enthusiasm. Not such a gloriously curved, daredevil and insane over-the-top Italian kitsch killer from Canada: It's a wild, mature and energetic-melancholic wonder that unleashes a breath-taking apotheosis of pretty grated "What the hell"? "Crackpot excess and insanity. <br /> <br /> A freighter crew discovers the corpse of a 30-foot Yeti that looks like a 70s-era doorknob (complete with a wavy jumbo afro) perfect housed in a large block of ice, they kill the animal, bring it back to life with electrical charges, grossly mistreat it, and hold the poor hairy goliath in a huge glass cabin before you can say "Hey, the filmmakers are obviously tearing up" King Kong " Our awful Snow Doodle breaks out of its cage, grabs the first nubile blonde Eurofixen (the beautiful Pheonix Grant), on which he lays lustful eyes, and storms off with his new lovely wife. The Yeti is retaken and flown to Toronto to be shown to an enthusiastic audience. Of course, he frees himself again, takes the vixen and drives around the city with the expected pounding. <br /> <br /> The sublimely stupid dialogue (example line: "Philosophy has no place in science, Professor"), cheesy (from afar) special effects (the gruesome transparent blue screen work and cruel Tonka toy miniatures are in their terrible fright particularly exciting), chunky (wrong) direction and a cumbersome script that even tries a clumsy sincerity "Is the yeti a man or an animal?" All ethical arguments combine into one of the most beautiful, ridiculous giant monster flicks that roar absurdly across the big screen. Better still, we also have a few unconventional accents to give the already slippery Kinorausch an extra simple spice: The vixen accidentally bumps against one of the nipples of the Yeti, which causes it hardens and a big, happy smile of the horny colossus (!); The vixen wets the Yeti's wounded hand as he gazes at her with goo-goo eyes, the Yeti shatters his feet window while he climbs a towering office building, and the furry guy even breaks a man's neck with toes ( !!). Overall, this unique screwball and shamefully unannounced camp classic stands out as a remarkable monolith of infectious celluloid madness worthy of a hardcore hardcore subway scene.
