Here is another movie that should be loaded into a satellite, shot into space, and pointed toward the galaxy Andromeda to show the best of humanity to distant possible civilizations. This film is so enchantingly stupid and enlighteningly honest that it is little more than a rip-off of the already bad movie classic KING KONG from 1976, that not only can he make this film idiotic stupidity in terms of sheer belly laughs, but has successfully predicted from Peter Jackson's miserable computer cartoon of 2005, bearing the same name, to a "romance" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a magnificent human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi, CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD), which feels very well eyes). <br /> <br /> The movie was made for kids. Apart from some allusions to fish bones and a bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - the Yeti even has some kind of huge jock strap to cover up its monstrous package, the result was even more amusing than the anatomical correctness. But as a compromise you get a crazy, old scientist, two inquisitive kids, Tony Kendall in a rare twist as a double bastard of a villain, a helpful intelligent collie dog who has his own adventure (Dog Adventure movies were great in Europe for a while) and, of course, as the hero in the end for rescuing the yeti who turns out to be the good, gorgeous stuff like front loaders decorated like huge monkey hands, a monster whose size literally changes from shot to shot, some inappropriately horrible deaths that make the slaughter in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look tame in comparison. Depending on the scene, the reaction to the viewers' reaction consists of Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras (depending on the scene), where they filmed, how the extras are dressed), and some of the most staged but unsuitable special effects ever work in a huge monkey movie. <br /> <br /> Here the movie convinced me: It's excitement, just to be ma de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought 1968 the world of SARTANA and GOD'S GUN the year before. He was a very important director in the spaghetti western and action / adventure genre movie scene of the 1960s / 1970s, and in the days of YETI he probably was looking forward to the work. I would say that this is his most adventurous movie of all, or rather the one he took the most risks with, and may have felt more comfortable addressing the film for children and families. The film has a kind of reckless departure from the way it was made, which makes the technical mistakes or inconsistencies completely meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the movie had been played seriously it would not have worked - WHAT exactly is why the movie was sucked by Peter Jackson. <br /> <br /> He forgot to enjoy the material and had it determined by using his army of dumb Power Macintosh pod animators. With all his mistakes and lumps, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the mind. Why do we watch films like these in monkey suits, sometimes in miniature sets on sound stages, not seamlessly animated hours of nothing but hard disk space? I would rank this with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the incredibly unlikely gigantic monster movies ever. Because the movie looks so "spotty", you can leave the story behind and just enjoy seeing things that are being destroyed, trampled, thrown around and smashed. When he knew this and was armed with a fruitful, energetic enthusiasm for the opportunity to shoot the film, Parolini pulled out all the stops and delivers a full adventure that could be a bit rough for some of the little guys, but it's the first movie I want to share with grandchildren once their stupid parents leave them with me for a weekend. This is stuff for eternity and one of the most insightful expressions of humanity ever used for celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, you only come once and I'd rather go out with a smile on my face.
