This is one of the best films from Hong Kong's "New Wave", which started with Tsui Hark's "TO: Warriors of Magic Mountain". Tsui set the tone for the New Wave approach to the martial arts film, which pretty much all New Wave directors (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) accepted as a given; The approach to such films would from now on need more than a touch of irony, if not downright comedy. "Burning Paradise" puts an end to all this and with all its might. <br /> <br /> It's not that there is no humor here; But it's a purely human humor, like the old Buddhist priest at the beginning, who somehow experiences a quick sense of the young prostitute hiding in a bundle of straw. But so is man, and even Buddhist priests can not always be saints. When irony is finally introduced to the film, it is the most disagreeable one coming from the "Abbot" Red Lotus Temple, a study of pure nihilism unlike anything he has ever seen before. He is the incarnation of Milton's Satan from "Paradise Lost": "Rather rule in hell than serve in heaven!" And if he does not get into hell hell fast enough, he will turn the world around him into a living hell he can govern. <br /> <br /> This is the motive that underlines the brutal violence of most of the images here. It's not that the abbot just wants to kill people; he wants them to despair, feel completely hopeless, and accept his nihilism as an all-encompassing reality. So there is a certain feeling in the scenes of the Red Temple that there is no other reality outside the temple itself - it has become all that exists in the universe, and the abbot, who claims the control of infinite power, is in charge. <Of course, the movie does not end there. Although there are casualties, the human will prevails at the moment to be just normal human. (If you want to know how to do this, watch the movie!) But there is no doubt that we are going to hell watching this movie. We hope we do not experience our own afterlife. But we definitely feel burdened by the experience - and somehow better for everything.
