I was not always a fan, but the show grew with me. After the fifth season, I began to see the show's richness. They eventually ended Daniel Jackson's search for his wife and most of the Go's when system lords were killed by rival lords, SG-1 or others, began to grow old. With the new authors and the intense attention of the producer Peter Deleuise the show became more and more solid. <br /> <br /> Also the characters were stale. Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage. After his son Charlie died in a firing accident with O'Neill's gun, he had decided to end his own life by going to Abydos to face Go'ould RA. The character offers little growth for any actor and actor Richard Dean Anderson has chosen to play directly by raising emotional barriers to protect himself. He only allowed his close friends. <br /> <br /> Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter. She was a marginal feminist, ready to fight any man who doubted her ability to do her job. Although this character had little room to grow, Tapping has done well to focus on Carter's strengths. She has taken the time to gain a basic understanding of some of the things Carter talks about so she can present the character intelligently. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge joined the cast of alien Teal'c. Teal'c was an alien named Jaffa. Infant Go'ould (snake-like creatures) embedded themselves in the Jaffa until they had grown to the point where it would be inserted into another form of life. The Jaffa would die. Teal'c was the first prime minister of Apophis' army. He knew that Apophis was not a god, as Go'ould pretended to realize the genocide her armies had caused in the galaxy. After he had enough, he and Jack O'Neill freed their team along with a number of innocent people. When he arrived on earth, he realized that the earth was the planet he was looking for and that would help him fight the Go'ould. Christopher Judge has done a lot with a limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior from whom he has learned much from his teacher Master Bra'tac. The show would not be complete without Master Bra'tac by Tony Amandola. He is also a stone. In the end, he became a consultant to most SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. Don S. Davil was there from the beginning and played Major General George Hammand. Davis did incredible work with Hammond, making him likeable and normal. He does his job, has a wife, sons, daughters and grandchildren. You can really say he is the anchor of the base. I would just die for this man. If his superiors are not allowed to provide troops to support teams from around the world. He will go himself. He does not leave anyone behind. <br /> <br /> I have dr. Rescued Daniel Jackson for the last time, because that character, I believe, has increased the most during the ten or eleven years he has been in. I do not think the producer realized how strong Shanks would be in choosing Shanks, and when people talk about Jackson they do not talk about Spader, they talk about Shanks. In the early years, the Jackson character came off as a pity. That's why I probably was not a fan. Over the seasons, the character became stronger. That gave him confidence. In the end, as of Season 10, the Jackson character has matured enough to become a devoted hero. He still oversees the ethics of the group. He is still a leader in providing information that can drive any mission. Acheaologie, history, culture and exploration belong to its essence. He is determined. Although he is a man of peace, he has matured so far that using his weapons is the only way to resolve a disagreement. <br /> <br /> Other characters include Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), new SG-1 leaders. Both actors come from a series called Farscape, and one can only guess why they were put together. I see little difference between Mitchell and Crichton (Farscape character). Black's character is just off the wall. Definitely different from her soldier-like character Arin Soon.
