I saw this when it first came to a video, my little sister got it as a present and I was probably 12 years old ... What struck me was the lack of conflict between the movies that so many movies have Main characters get mad at each other, because when it's time to explain themselves, they just do not say the only thing you call on the screen that would understand the whole deal that any person with reasonable minds would say. That's what I like most about the movie, I think the main characters do not mess around halfway ... They do not disconnect and do not make fun of each other, they always like more than The Movie Continues. <br /> <br /> These two kids work together and even though they seem to come from opposite sides of the track, they are not so different. Loui is actually only a middle-class child, who had to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was a high-class child who only had to prove to her family that they existed and they would miss her if she had gone. Anyway, I saw this movie on Hulu and had to look at it again ... sure, there are loopholes if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb should not eat hot dogs because they were actually herbivores , <br /> Well, what affects the movie is its unexpected scar. Young children under five would probably go through the scenes with Dr. Screweyes scare. And adding him in half of the movie (though it's obviously obvious in the first scene that he'll appear) is too abrupt ... there should be a glimpse of how he made his show earlier in the movie, maybe around her to show that it is not so scary without the dinosaurs. I suspect that there was no real danger for the entire first half of the film, so there is a lack of continuity when it appears for the second half. <br /> <br /> If you look at the target audience who I am I can certainly overlook the not-so-overwhelming animation and dialogue issues ... I think I will go over these factors and enjoy the story. It's a great movie for kids, and it stays in your mind ... They somehow think about how you treat people, and it should be reworked every 10 years, I think.
