Wow, there are a lot of reviews for the Devils experiment here. Wonderful My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films. We have just started to release the Guinea Pig movies on DVD for North America. Well, before you ask, why am I writing a review? Instead, ask why some people beat it. I write this review because I love the Guinea Pig movies. Why do I love them because they are in the throat and do not let go. I have seen everything. Almost every horror movie you know, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. From every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen everything and the movies that have stuck in my mind over the years have definitely been the Guinea Pig movies. Why, because it does not try to hide the reason why we see horror movies in the first place. This review is for the Devils experiment. I find it free from a story that is good of me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and blood and the torture of people. The Devils experiment not only delivers, but it is all that it is. Pure unadulterated violence. Yes, I like a story, but sometimes I just want the Gore and Devil's experiment delivers tenfold. Why do people beat it. Because they like a story so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story. It gives you a better feeling for yourself. We all want blood and blood. It's hard to justify if it's not about a story. The Guinea Pig films have a historical meaning to them and they have a definite accent every time they are released. <br /> <br /> I am pleased to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. Maybe I should not have written this review, but maybe I should do it too. My view is biased because they were released, but it is not. I always told people to find and watch them before I started with Unearthed Films. Sure, it's exploitative and exaggerated, but that's not why we watch horror movies first. The Devils experiment is NOT for everyone. It's just for thrills and Gorehounds. If you think that Jason movies and Freddy Krueger movies are awesome, stay with them. But if you are at the next level and have seen everything, the Devils experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for over 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and damn right freaked out and nothing you can observe with your mother unless she's totally cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
