I'm a big fan of films that put people off, and House of Games is almost the culmination of the movies that drive people crazy. In short, it's an extraordinary thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat by providing interesting, multi-level characters and never really showing what's going on, bringing with it many surprises and surprises that's what You have just seen, totally upset. The film is on many occasions for the audience and although we know that; It's still hard to guess where it's going, and every turn is surprising. As already mentioned, I am a big fan of disadvantages in movies. The plot of this movie follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient who has a huge debt to a teammate. She then goes to the player to help her patient, and on the way she is drawn into the art of reading people to trigger a cheater. <br /> <br /> House of Games has a dodgy atmosphere and David Mamet is good at setting the backdrop to his film in the city's underground. The film is also well played, and everyone involved brings their characters life and credibility with the utmost skill. Joe Mantegna plays the main role of the cheater in the heart of the movie, and although his performance is under some pressure, he's always solid and believable as the villain of the play. Lindsay Crouse stands next to him as a psychiatrist who is seduced by his work, and believes again in her role. She may not be the best eye-catcher, but at least she can act. However, the way in which the film performs its plot is the main character of the show, and you will undoubtedly be surprised many times as the film manages to constantly surprise and deceive the viewer. Sometimes it's almost like we're in the middle of the action and being chased by the scammers in the movie. Another thing that's great about this movie is the way it shows the audience how to get rid of certain drawbacks, which is useful if you want to earn about twenty dollars. All in all, House of Games is a truly top notch ride.
