David Mamet wrote the script and made his directorial debut with "House of Games," a character study of psychological undertones, in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of trust play. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a bestselling novel "Driven". Nevertheless, she is a little dissatisfied with her personal life. There is an emptiness that she can neither define nor resolve, and she makes her vulnerable. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confides during a meeting that he owes some money to some players and that they will kill him if he does not pay, she decides to intervene. This brings her to the "House of Games", a shabby little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic Conman who spends no time before luring her into his world. Instead of the "twenty-five big ones" Billy said he owed her, Mike shows her his book, and it turns out that it's eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clean up the plan if she wants to do him a simple favor in terms of a card game he plays in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; While he is away, her job is to pay attention to "telling" another player. At this time, not only Margaret, but also the audience is thrilled. The dialogue and unique style of Mamet and the precise cadence with which his actors show their lines are fascinating. As Mike Margaret leads the existence through his captivating, surreal existence and introduces them to the intricacies of the Con game, we get carried away. From this first memorable encounter, when he shows what a "Tell" is and how it works, to the lessons of the "Short Con" to the breathtaking climax of this movie, Mamet maintains the Con with an urgency that is relentless. And nothing is as it seems. In the end, Margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature and about herself. She changes; and whether it's for the better or not, is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely fascinating in this film; It gives any complex nuance any nuance that you can deliberately overshadow and do. Again, Crouse performs excellently. You feel the rigid turmoil seething under that calm, self-conscious exterior, and when her experiences with Mike make the change in her, she lets you feel how deeply it is pervaded. It makes you believe that she is capable of what she does and lets you understand it. The dynamic side cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh, Ricky Jay and William H. Macy. "House of Games" is the epitome of Mamet; He has written and directed a number of high-profile plays and films, and will undoubtedly pardon us with more in the future. But this movie will determine him; and you can go to the dictionary and look up. You will find it under "perfection". This is a great movie you do not want to miss. I rate this as 10/10.
