Jim Carrey returns to the same role he played in The Mask, a shy guy who's trying to move on in the world, but seems to be suffering from bad luck. Even if he tries to help a homeless person get harassed by a lot of Hoodlums (and of course they have to be Mexicans, of course), his good will breaks down on his fellow human beings. In that case, it was not too difficult to predict that he had a handful of angry brats, but I think it's good that the movie suggests that such things should not be ignored. I remember the episode of Michael Moore's brilliant The Awful Truth when a man lay down on the sidewalk and pretended to be dead and see who actually stopped and made sure he was okay , The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in the movies setting a good example. Jim Carrey plays the part of Bruce Nolan, the nice guy mentioned above and whose entire life seems to be falling a part. Or better yet, it seems like an asteroid is invading the atmosphere (a small metaphor that pops up when Bruce later miraculously turns into a gigantic newscast in the movie). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he has to show is a news reporter position reporting on such exciting news as the local bakery that wants to bake the world's largest biscuit. He desperately tries to get the job as the main anchor on the TV station, but loses his cool on live television when he hears the job has gone to his rival. They must love how they transfer the revelation of these messages to him seconds before his first live report. It is needless to say that he loses his temper on live television in one of the funniest scenes in the entire movie. Morgan Freeman delivers a fantastic performance as the man himself. He shows a god whose infinite wisdom is somewhat mirrored in Freeman's tremendous talent as an actor. He is a kind of god who takes his job very seriously, but in a way that he tells his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual labor in life. I love his line that some of the happiest people in the world smell of heaven at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our share in America) who have so greatly lost contact with the natural side of themselves as human beings because of their money, possessions and jobs, and everything they've lost , > <br /> One of the biggest strengths is that the movie can generally give great advice to people about improving their lives. This message is clear and acceptable regardless of the religion of the viewer. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all its forms, and I see God and Satan as metaphors for various aspects of nature and human psychology and not for actual characters who have ever lived or are alive. Despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as a unit that oversees the universe, or as a whitewashed janitor, wiping the floors of his downtown office in his spare time, I was able to appreciate the conveyed messages in this movie. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic development that unites them all and makes the newer films look even better just because you can see how far he has come. If you compare Bruce Almighty with films like Ace Ventura (which I both loved by the way) or much of what he did before he started the film, it's amazing how far he has come. He has evolved from cheesy television comedies to cheesy comedy films to truly intelligent and meaningful comedies like this movie and others like The Truman Show, The Man on the Moon and The Majestic (one of the greatest films ever). Jim Carrey has unequivocally evolved from the kitschy comedy of his past to one of the most important actor comic actors today. Jennifer Aniston is also a great addition to this film (as she is in the office space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who is increasingly angered by Bruce's growing stress in his life and his carelessness to marry her. There is definitely a comedic comedy in the film that does not necessarily match the meaning of the movie's meaning or the quality of the delivery, like the dog who reads the newspaper in the bathroom, and the whole monkey scene. It's definitely nice to see Ace Ventura's friend Spike makes a cameo appearance. As Stephen King knows very well, it's always nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. Bruce is equipped with the powers of God for a period of time so that he can understand life a little better, and he says a lot about himself when he uses his powers only for his own purposes, rather than helping all those who come to him pray. What I love about this topic is that, as I said, religion is out of my life, but I was able to observe this and learn a lot about myself, thinking about what else I could have done if I would have been equipped with such powers. The film enables us to learn vicariously in this way, which makes the message even stronger. <br /> <br /> The scenes in which the news station is located are easily the funniest in the entire movie, for example, the scene where Bruce loses control of the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (which is comfortable with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records was buried), the scene in which Bruce 's rival colleague goes crazy in front of the camera, and my favorites at the beginning and end of the local bakery. The film has plenty of time for Carrey to deliver excellent jokes, for example, when he says to God (who reveals that he is the janitor, owner, electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties must be real distractions and must be careful over drink, because one of him may have to go home! I also loved the ending when he said that behind every big man a woman rolls her eyes. A bit too true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every big man is also a baffled mother-in-law. Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that has come out for quite some time and is probably the only directly religious one that I can remember as I strive to buy on DVD to supplement my personal collection. It's a comedy written and performed with good taste, but with relatively little humor to entertain the kids. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family that is getting rarer these days. In a world where another American pie movie AND another frightening movie (which is scary only for its barbaric idiocy) is flogged, it's nice to see that there are still people making comedies worth watching. Do not miss this.
