This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone, which actually contains interesting ideas and clever stories (note that both are based on short stories). "Examination Day" is set in the future, year unknown, but at a point where they have candlesticks that light themselves, huge, television-looking "phones" that double themselves as many other amusement machines and only to individuals of a particular one Ages are distributed. .and the exam day, a point at which 12-year-olds must undergo a government-requested IQ test. The kid is that story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is celebrating his twelfth birthday and is a smart kid. Therefore, he is quiet and even anxious to pass the exam where he has seen friends, and knows that he will excel with his school grades. On the other hand, his parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment) say he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good score, and although they think he is capable and need not worry, it's pretty obvious that they are worried. I will not reveal anything at the end, but I'll say that - there's a point where we get a glimpse of what's going to happen, why the test is such a heavy topic: this evening (or another?) Its Parents ask Dickie if he prefers to watch TV all night. By today's standards we would be glad that he would rather read and not only because there is nothing valuable ... But why should his family ask that? The taste of what will be encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a little of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (who, I understand, did not get much adaptation to the screen). I only wish they could have provided an introductory and concluding narrative to make this topic as powerful as the Obsolete Man. I thought it was better than the short story it's based on. I did not read the book based on "A Message from Charity", but I would like to do it as it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill), who suffers from impure water was in his hometown Massachusetts has always been common ... but he can see through the eyes of a young Puritan who suffers from the same type of fever, Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann), who can also experience what's going on around him. Both are recovering, especially since this is common in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is curious about the sights and sounds she records from 1985, and both enjoy each other's company, especially Peter, who has nurtured enough grades to always feel isolated from the other students, even at college. where he stayed in one place. However, things take an unexpected turn when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend, claiming that the 13 Colonies will break out of England as a sign of enchantment, adding that she has been spared death by fever (not so) usual in 1700). The two try to find a way to save them. The end is sad, but has an interesting last moment that touches it. Both segments of this episode contain a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds as if Rod Sterling cooked and entertained, gazing happily as a reminder that friendship, love, and wisdom work a great deal. Probably 3/4 of it is not an issue, but somehow I think everything has been approved by the crew of Sterling.
