Given the title, this first follow-up of QUARTET (1948) apparently reduces the number of stories by W. Somerset Maugham that made up the film. The author still appears to introduce the episodes, but this time there is no epilogue. By the way, while the script of the original compendium R.C. Sheriff, this is where Maugham himself helped, as was Noel Langley (though it is unclear whether they have each contributed a segment or worked together). As expected, a large part of QUARTET's crew was detained for the second installment. However, this also applies to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two had a few parts in the episode of QUARTET entitled "The Colonels Lady"). While TRIO ultimately turns out to be a lesser performer than its predecessor (somewhat unbalanced by the third story, which takes up more than half of the runtime), it is still done with the utmost care, being swiftly followed by a star cast and is absolutely gratifying "The Verger" tells of a church sexton (James Hayter) - for whom the title of the story is another word - who was dismissed after 17 years in office of the new pastor (Michael Hordern)) simply because he is illiterate , Instead of resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his landlady, played by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a tobacconist strategically located in a long street where no such service is offered - and Although flourishing with shops, this creates a whole chain. In the final scene, he visits bank director Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised that Hayter has no education, but is also asked what his other interests are - which include the wealthy (and respected). The tobacconist answers with a certain irony that he had the vocation to be a ridicule! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All," is the shortest but perhaps the most exciting: a sea voyage is made by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), despite his foreign The name Kelada, who identifies himself as an Englishman, completely suppressed an authority on virtually any subject under the sun.Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to endure him most, the latter because he interacts with the man and the the former shares a stateroom in the face of Patrick's attention to his pretty wife (Anne Crawford), but at a costume party, passengers decide to "take their revenge" on Kelada by having him as a person (a joke) he does not appreciate, of course), yet he tries to show his character a decent side - Crawford says that the necklace she wears is an imitation ne asks Patrick to give his prize ... but he immediately realizes it's the real one and that this would be the case Compromise Crawford's position if he were to tell, so Kelada gets ridiculed publicly instead of revealing the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, "sanatorium" is the countless patients in such a place, led by Andre 'Morell; The protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who observes the various processes wistfully. In particular, the narrative highlights three separate storylines - a humorous (the "feud" between two sanatorium-living old Scots, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (the unpredictable relationship between the angry patient) Raymond Huntley, and the passionate but devoted wife Betty Ann Davies) and a bittersweet (the romance between the naive but charming Jean Simmons and the dashing Kad Michael Rennie who, despite everything, objected to everything, including the fact that Morell diagnosed Simmons as having) a "living" while Rennie has only a few years left, the couple leads to the altar).
