This review contains spoilers for those who do not know the details of the true story this movie is based on. <br /> <br /> The presumption of "innocent to proven guilt" is a fundamental claim of every civilized society; According to Fred Schepisi's partisan but sadly convincing story from a famous Australian murder trial, Lindy Chamberlain, who was accused of killing her baby, was not granted. The story that suggested her innocence was unlikely (a dingo is said to have taken her), but those who made her guilt even clearer, and there was no solid evidence against her. The Australian public, however, was captivated by the possibility of their guilt, and the deeply religious Chamberlains looked scary when they appeared in the media (and, of course, the media themselves were anything but innocent). Although they were cleared by a first investigation, they were later prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was finally released, this was shamelessly followed by the discovery of new evidence that "proves her innocence," something no defendants need to produce. <br /> <br /> Above all, "A Cry in the Dark" is well traded by Meryl Streep, who sets a convincing Australian accent (at least for Pom's ears) and manages to sympathize with Lindy (for us), while still teaching how she managed to become a national hatred figure. The scenes in which she is actually detained are simple, but heartbreaking, because we believe in the characters as real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of the story's portrayal (something I can not comment on), the broader theme of this film will be dreadfully faithful to anyone who knows the British People's Press and the British press about its reckless habits to turn directly to the least charitable instincts of their readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; However, the current call against asylum seekers in today's British tabloids comes from the very same pit of evil as the voices rejecting Lindy Chamberlain. I am not a religious man, but the Bible still contains killer lines (if you excuse the pun). "Judge that you will not be judged" is one of them.
