It was hard for me to like anyone in this movie. The main characters Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during a night in the Australian outback, are not bad people, but surely not all or even most of the people we see in this movie would be bad if that were the case they knew better. Although we are so sure that from the outset the film has from the beginning focused on the guilt or innocence of the Chamberlains to the tragic disorder of their lives, the film takes a more or less sociological perspective on gossip, news media, masses, mobs and assumptions. It is not a film about the degenerate society of Australia; It's just a story about a true story that happened there. The society in masses is much less developed than the individual feels assured. <br /> <br /> When a guard insists on killing all of the aborigines' dogs because a single wild dog is unconfirmed and accidentally being ruined Life is getting more and more out of control, distorted, by the majority of magazines, newspapers, and television programs there is no sign of empathy or even any kind of view outside of one's own body's own unconscious perceptions, which are influenced on the left and right by the powerful hearsay and the mood of those who put the tragic truth into a drama that drives the consumer into frenzy surround his life. The reason I appreciate the movie is that it turns the focus from the inside out, from the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> Apart from the evidence against Lindy Chamberlain, the suspicion was fueled above all by her own virtue. For the public, she did not seem to be disturbed by the death of her little daughter. Why could she keep her cool, even a kind of seclusion, let alone holding her head up, for television and the press? How much of the downward spiral could have been prevented if it had behaved more in the media according to the wishes of the public? Meryl Streep, perhaps one of the greatest actresses of the present day, may not be an outstanding performer, and frankly, no other actor or film production department. But she and the writers understand Lindy. What's annoying is that it's not that difficult. Obviously, she was not prone to emotions in public anyway. Whether or not she is approachable as a lovable figure in the immediate sense, we naturally tend to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> Whether her performance is as pleasing as Sophie's Choice, The Devil Wear's Prada Angels In America or any other similar work, it's a triumph. It's hard to get an audience excited by intentionally denying yourself insights. She frustrates us because we do not know what she thinks or feels. It took me a while to feel in love with her, but this is the way the film makes the public's reaction stand out. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, and both practice a religion that is in a small minority society and therefore misinterpreted by most. Initially, they react to their loss as if reconciling themselves with God's will, and started a rumor mill that gave rise to the idea that the death of their daughter was some sort of ritual murder on their part. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of a margin with which most media did not immediately identify the media, so the first wish was to go after them like a lot of hunger ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but Australian audiences play the real leads here. Like the punctuation for each plot advance, the director Fred Schepisi cuts off the restaurant, the tennis court, the dinner party, the saloon, the office, where the audience tries to tempt Lindy into his own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan Globe docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the environment is not a pleasant compensation for the fact that neither performance nor facet of production stand out. But it is very successful as a charge against the collective consciousness of the public.
