"An evildoer is often a man who undermined something, not always the one who did something." - Emperor Marcus Aurelius <br /> <br /> The DVD release of "Watch on the Rhine" could not come at a better time. It restores to us an important Lillian Hellman game that has carried away its authorship of Dashiell Hammett (the Hellman scholar Bernard F. Dick's audio commentary Bernard F. Dicks). It's a subtle performance by Bette Davis, who took a muted supporting role long after she became the working-animal queen at Warner Bros. Lot. Equally important, it reminds us that World War II had a purpose. Surely you say that we need it. We heard Cary Grant preaching about Japanese boys and their Bushido knives in Destination Tokyo (1943). In "The Sound of Music" (1965) we saw how boots stomp the living hills. In "It Happened Here" (1966) we traveled to England occupied by Germany. To tell the truth, we still need the message. <br /> <br /> I have an 81-year-old friend who routinely curses Franklin Roosevelt. He feels that FDR has involved the US in a strange fight we did not need, causing the death of his favorite cousin. He is encouraged to demonize the leaders of the Allies and to downplay World War II by Patrick Buchanan. The political columnist has recently published a thick book in which extensive research was carried out, according to which Adolf Hitler would pose no further threat to Poland, Europe or the world, if only the Third Reich 1939 had been given to the Free City of Gdansk. Buchanan claims that if these selfish Poles had not been confronted with the Nazis, they would have engulfed the silly meddling of Britain and the dizzying altruistic France had devoured the West. He believes that no one in Germany has built gas chambers to find a definitive solution to the Jewish problem. <br /> <br /> Weight of the old propaganda. Could be. However, neither my friend nor Pat Buchanan seem to have understood the meaning of the film: killing and killing some people to seize the land, the goods, and the freedom of others; These people dominated the Axis powers and "enough" did not appear in their vocabulary. Paul Lukas deserved the won Oscar. He and Bette Davis have a compelling passion for portraying refugees who oppose oppressors. They have an emotional impact on the intellectual case as they move away from the sideline and actively assist torture and murderers. Bernard Dick notes that Hellman has not cared for Luke since he remained apolitical. As a Hungarian, of course, he had seen Bela Kun's bloody "dictatorship of the proletariat" replace an outdated empire and then plunge into Admiral Horthy's right-wing tyranny. In a wonderful role, the role of the cameo added In the piece by Hammett Henry Daniell sardonically represents a Wehrmacht officer of the class, who despised the brown shirts he serves. His Phili von Ramme would undoubtedly stand with Field Marshal Rommel in 1944 during the July 20 plot against Hitler. In April 1940, however, he pragmatically advocates the cause of the Nazis, even though he insulted Mr. Blecher "the butcher" and derided the Romanian aristocrat Teck de Brancovis for trying to extract information about a metro leader. <br /> <br /> Teck, a poor and potential cuckold, wants cash and a visa to return to Europe, where he can continue the shreds of a life broken by the imperially shattering World War I and the worldwide economic depression , He has no political convictions, no scruples about trading a freedom fighter against his own tomorrow. Mercury Theater graduate George Coulouris gives the Old World cynicism of this dried-up case an edge of desperate threat. Lucille Watson gives the hostess of the conceiving man, a domineering old woman who knows her thoughts and catches her, aliveness - but who does not value her children and her accomplishments outside of the house she controls. She and her pallid, bonded son belong to the American version of Rammes and de Brancovi's privileged nature. However, this family has never seen ruin and will never do it. They are people with money who could quietly drive evil around by simply not resisting it. <br /> <br /> This mother and her son could easily make decisions that reflect this complacency towards Nazism and fascism that flourishes today in my friend and in me Pandit Buchanan. "Watch on the Rhine" looks neat. Their dialogue reflects its learned origins on stage instead of sounding fresh from the street. But the film by Hellman and Hammett has a power based on strength. The audience must still hear and pay attention that it is relentless on the march against the grapple.
