I've seen this movie several times and have seen it today (on TCM) just because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. She's a much underrated actress and I have to admit that I've had a crush on her since I saw her for the first time (probably 40+ in "Wuthering Heights"). The real star in this movie, however, is Paul Lukas, and he has earned all the accolades he has received. He makes it clear whether we like it or not, that the purpose justifies the means. National Socialism had to be stopped, and everything that contributed to it was good. He told his children that they should be bad and that they should not be bad, but as he said in talking to adults, he would do these things without hesitation. Luke has shown an excellent portrayal of a man in this situation and made it clear that what he has done is a very difficult affair. Some people think his victim was a Nazi, but I speak. I do not think he was just looking for the money. His Nazi staff knew that and that's why they did not have much for him. <br /> <br /> An interesting point in the film and probably also in the play is the fact that Muller (Lucas) is a German. While the anti-German hysteria of World War I was not repeated during World War II, there was considerable anti-German sentiment, and some Germans were punished similarly to California's with people of Japanese descent. For Hellman it was a kind of bravery to write a play about good Germans at this time (maybe she thought they were the ones who signed the Nazi-Soviet pact!). After all, the US and British air forces bombed German cities and had no qualms about killing innocent civilians. However, I think that the bombing and the firestorm took place later in Dresden after "Watch on the Rhine" was released. <br /> <br /> The title is a pun, as the "Watch" is directed to the west, from Germany. In fact, Watch am Rhein was a marching song of the German army that was used during World War II, but the Nazis had their own marching song, which was also used. But Müller is a German and is involved in his own "Wach am Rhein". All the other actors have done an excellent job here; Although Bodo was too much, there are kids like him. I'm surprised he did not reveal his father's secret. He probably did that in real life.
