This was usually the producer Alexander Kordas advice to many of his subordinates; The film has three directors, but in truth Alex, Zoltan Korda and William Cameron helped Menzies and made it six. <br /> <br /> For John Kobal's 1987 book "The Top 100 Movies", 81 film critics saw the thief of Baghdad in 55th place. Closer examination shows that only Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal actually voted in favor of the picture, but their high rankings were enough to bring it to the half-time mark. In World War II, the film's production shifted in England and beyond America. In 1940, the film was completed and won three technical Oscars. As with Citizen Kane, this is in some ways a movie that you may admire rather than love. <br /> <br /> The time-saving special effects are still useful and will actually help if you blink. However, it is not so much their effectiveness as the boldness of the inventions. Below is a funny horse built from a kit model that begins to fly when a key is inserted at its rear end. There is also a killer toy of the six-armed goddess Kali (perhaps a single woman with two women sitting behind her, obviously) and a rather terrible looking giant spider. Impressive is the highlight with his wonderfully flying carpet. Most memorable, however, is that Rex Ingram appears as a jinn (genius) in a great moment of cinematic conceit that's nearly a thousand feet tall! Ingram presents the mind as a threatening creature and adds a dangerous element to the process. And watch out for the moment he was tricked back into his bottle. <br /> <br /> John Justin is well suited as an Arab king, who for some strange reason has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, the amazing muscular 15-year-old, is the eponymous Abu, a sympathetic thieves. After they have crossed with the evil Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin is blind and Abu is turned into a dog. If it seems that the rest of the film is being told in a flashback from the perspective of blind Ahmed (Justin), we find that halfway through the movie we catch up with the present and the adventure continues. In fact, the second half is even better because it is filled with bigger incidents and more fantastic nature. Three little songs spice it up, and even though the movie lasts for 100 minutes, it feels rather mild in flavor rather than a real ingredient; I would not classify that as a musical. It's all a lot of fun. Justin and June Duprez are the love interest for the mothers and fathers, Veidt is the vicious villain, and Abu is the youthful, not to be repressed robber. It may take a while to get into the somewhat outdated ways of thinking and exaggerated melodramas of English 40s movies, but once you've eaten the first half hour, this movie really attracts you. Pretty praiseworthy.
