- The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after a wicked magician called him beggar into the city, the magician locks the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of Baghdad. The imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu, who helps him escape from prison, and goes to a city called Basra where he meets a princess whom he falls in love with, but without the evil wizard, Jafa, knowing it. He also loves the princess and tries to convince her father to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to conquer the girl's heart. He blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. As a result, the Prince and Abu embark on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace to Baghdad, and marry the princess. On their journey, they encounter everything from sarcastic geniuses flying Abu through the clouds, a huge spider that is really hungry, and a flying horse that is likely to produce one of the most beautiful sequences my old eyes have ever seen. <br /> <br /> - This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish. He has flying horses, geniuses, flying carpets and wizards who can actually practice magic instead of hitting people with their staff. There are no cheesy moments and the love story is not a waste of time. The production designs are simply stunning in this film. From the palaces to the various dangerous traps that heroes encounter. Although this film is over 40 years old, production design is far better than the rest of the crap that tackles today's cinema. The music and the songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will undoubtedly say, "I want to be a sailor sailing the seas" as one of the great musical moments in movies. I'm usually not a big fan of movies because I like them as much as my taxes, but I'm more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> -What sells The film is for me the mere fact that you see things that you do not see in everyday life. That's why I love stuff like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill". Long before today's modern fantasy movie, along with its realistic CGI, came to mind, there was this movie that hit you in the head without the green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorite recordings in "Two Towers" is the one in which the trolls open the Black Gates. The main attraction of this recording for me has been to do these great fantasy creatures that are essentially handcrafted, and that's what I love about the genius and other creatures in the movie. They are just there, trying to make a living like everyone else, which gives them a real feeling, even if they are just fantasy creatures. <br /> <br /> - It's literally impossible to watch this movie and not realize where it is. The creators of "Aladdin" got their inspiration. The characters in this film are the same characters in the film, from the talkative genius to the flying carpet. It's not a bad thing in my view, because it's nice to know that I'm not the only one on the planet who has a deep passion for this amazing movie. I first saw this as a kid in the motherland and thought it was the biggest thing in the world, and when I look at it again last week, I still find it amazing. This is a true proof that a great movie can stand the test of time. Sure, the effects look a bit dated and cheesy, but they were made back in the '40s, so take a break. But not everything looks outdated, as most things can still survive today when tested under today's standards. <br /> <br /> -If you ever wanted to see a live-action version of "Aladdin", you should get your I wish this, but the angry cynical group will probably avoid this, as this will not be their thing becomes.
