The story of "The Thief of Baghdad" is complex as it is narrated in flashbacks and interweaves three separate and equally important threads. The script by Lajo Biros and the dialogues by Miles Malleson ensure that the story skilfully keeps moving at all points. The young King Ahmad of Baghdad is furious with his deputy Jaffar, who executed a man because of his different ideas. He discovers while disguising that people blame him for Jaffar's actions and hate him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, where he meets Abu, the young thief. The two escape and take a boat to Basra. There, the companions spy when men pave the way, so that no one sees the princess of the city passing by. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He tells her he has always come to her and wins a kiss. Then he is captured. When Jaffar comes to claim the Princess of Basra, Ahmad attacks the evil Vizier, who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asks for the princess's hand and he gives the sultan of Basra a mechanical flying horse. The blind Ahmad then tells his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can wake her up. So Jaffar sends his servant Halima for Ahmad and the dog, hoping the prince will wake her up. He wakes her up. She goes aboard a ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but she is captured by Jaffar, who then throws the dog overboard. She then allows Jaffar to take her in his arms, promising to restore Ahmad's vision and turn Abu back into a thief. The princess sees a vision of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to defeat him and Abu is shipwrecked on a lonely island. Abu finds a ghost or djinn who wants to kill him now, after being imprisoned in a bottle after many centuries. Abu gets him to prove that he really came from such a small ship and then screwed it up again. In order to free him, he gets three wishes. His first is for sausages. In the meantime, the princess asks her father to refuse Jaffar; Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy, one of which is stabbed to death with six arms. Abu makes a second wish to find Ahmad. The crafty spirit flies him to the goddess of the All-seeing eye. Abu has to climb a great net to get to the gem that is the eye, to fight a giant spider and then climb the statue of the goddess. Abu stares into the "eye" and sees Ahmad in a ravine. He has the spirit to bring him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wishes they were in Baghdad, but the spirit laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him and does not mention Ahmad. Ahmad tries to fight the princess, but Jaffar smashes the "eye". Abu is in the "Land of Legend", where the old men want to make him king. He steals a bow and a magic carpet and flees instead to hurry to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives punctually to rescue the young king from the executioner, using his bow from the flying carpet to the wonder of the crowd that came to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to run away on the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow kills him. Ahmad is again ruler and plans to marry his princess; But as he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses and says he wants adventure, not hard work and captivity in a palace, big as it may be. This fantastic story was produced magnificently by producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also art director, while Georges Perinal took over the colorful cinematography. The directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, including Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and numerous costumes were designed by John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. I claim that apart from her beautiful and expensive-looking visuals, the production is dominated by two other elements, the choral music of Miklos Rozsa and the performance of Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genius with a strange accent and his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is lovely and effective because Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima and Miles Malleson a neatly limping and stingy sultan. As Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what to do with a young in love prince and a few others. he is amazingly good in his winning role. This film has a spaciousness that, as I claim, is also found in other works by Korda. The imaginative content is juxtaposed with very realistic sets, costumes and set design elements. This is one of the most memorable fantasies at the idea level that are worth enjoying time and again.
