Watch On The Rhine began as a Broadway play by Lillian Hellman, who wrote the film and saw it open on Broadway when the Soviet Union was still tied to Nazi Germany by the infamous non-aggression pact signed in August 1939. So much The fact that Hellman merely reflected the line of the Communist Party did not change the line until a few months later. Lillian was indeed a few months ahead of her time in this work. <br /> <br /> The play Watch On The Rhine ran for 378 shows from April 1941 to February 1942, and five players came over from Broadway to repeat their roles, Frank Wilson as the butler and Eric Roberts as the youngest Son, Lucile Watson as a family matriarch and especially villain George Coulouris and Paul Lukas. <br /> <br /> Lukas made a hat-hat trick in 1943 and won an Oscar, a Golden Globe, and the New York film critic for Best Actor. If the Tony Awards had passed, he probably would have won that as well. The Oscar is even more remarkable when you consider who he was dealing with, with Humphrey Bogart for Casablanca, Gary Cooper in "For whom the bells", Mickey Rooney in human comedy, and Walter Pidgeon for Madame Curie. Each of his competitors was a bigger movie theater name than he. Luke's nomination is usually the way the Academy gives to round out a field. Jack Warner knew why Mady Christians did not repeat her Broadway part, and the role of Lukas's wife was transferred to Bette Davis. Davis did not take the role, because it was a particularly eye-catching role for her, but because she believed in the picture and just wanted to be connected to it. It's the same reason she made The Man Who Came To Dinner, a much easier game than this one. Davis is the daughter of a late American Supreme Court that married a German citizen during the Weimar era. After many years of vagrancy on the European continent, Davis Lukas and her three children are coming to America, where the European war has not yet begun. You will be welcomed by Lucile Watson, who of course is looking forward to finally meeting her grandchildren. The fly in this ointment are other house guests, a friend of Davis from earlier days, Geraldine Fitzgerald, and her husband from Europe is also a Romanian diplomat and aristocrat George Coulouris. Coulouris is a madman and a spendthrift, and he smells an opportunity for double trade if he suspects Luke's anti-fascist background. <br /> <br /> His guesses are true, it's the reason the family was the vagabonds they've become. Luke fought in Spain on the Republican side and was wounded there. Since then he is not so healthy anymore. His family faithfully supports him in every decision he makes. These decisions affect all other members of the cast. <br /> <br /> The Broadway game, including some adorable fascist creatures, was supplemented by Dashiell Hammett, a significant Lillian Hellman. Coulouris playing cards in the German Embassy were a Hammett creation with such vile types as Henry Daniell, Kurt Katch, Clyde Fillmore, Erwin Kalser and Rudolph Anders. <br /> <br /> Coulouris is truly one of the most despicable characters that has ever been brought in. Runmanian count is displayed when there is no account. He was a metaphor for his own country, which embraced the Nazis with enthusiasm and rejected them equally, without losing a step to Stalingrad. Lucile Watson was the Best Supporting Actress in 1943, but lost the Bell toll to Katina Paxinou in whom. Dashiell Hammett was nominated for the best-adapted screenplay and the film itself lost in the Best Picture against the other anti-fascist classic Casablanca. <br /> <br /> Even though this is an item firmly anchored in these specific times, Watch On The Rhine still packs a stern anti-fascist message that repeats itself endlessly.
