An absolutely beautiful movie, one of a handful of me when I was young, that fascinated me and still does. In Thief's case, the impression actually seems to get better with time. In the 90s, my daughter and I had seen it on television many times, but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art house cinema. When it was done, we came out with bright eyes and heads of poetry and Miklos Rozsa's rousing music. I wish he could have lasted a few hours longer and wondered what a beautiful world it would suddenly be. <br /> <br /> Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants to sleep among his people for a while to check things out, but evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and take the throne. After escaping with a small thief from Sabu, Ahmad discovers a princess and they fall in love instantly. On the way they have many adventures (though apparently not enough for Sabu!) And love not only conquers everything, but destroys everything. The special effects must have been mesmerizing in 1940, but time has taken its toll and reduced its impact, especially since the digital caricature has taken over the live action? However, they are still doing well compared to films like Superman 40 years later. Anyway, when I'm asked to expose the unbelief in gigantic laughing geniuses, flying horses and rugs, I also stop unbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite pieces: the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden as Ahmad reveals herself and Adelaide Hall's suitably romantic song; the breathtaking colors in the tent in the land of legend? in fact the stunning colors throughout; Sabu and Rozsa's triumphant, but still wistful finale. Conrad Veidt played the evil in two of the romance's most incredible romances, this and Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the lead roles of the lovers, who were both lightly and refreshingly stilted, but the parts did not demand great emotions: it was just pure love that mattered. <br /> <br /> There are a few slightly violent images in it, but rest assured that this is a glorious feel-good experience with a 100% positive message. It's just a pity that little kids today do not see this, rather than the porn they prefer. One of my top 10 movie favorites, I can not recommend that too much. it can be shown until the end of time.
