Of course, Mario Lanza is "The Great Caruso" in this 1951 film starring Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a highly fictionalized biography of the legendary, world-famous tenor whose name is still known today. <br /> <br /> The film is opulently produced and the music is magnificently sung by Lanza, Kirsten and Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom and other opera stars performing in the film. If you are a purist, it may seem strange to you to see people smile on the stage during the sextet of "Lucia" - even though Caruso's wife Dorothy just had a little girl. It is also very unlikely that Caruso ever sang Edgardo in Lucia; The role was too high for him. <br /> <br /> By acquiring dramatic licenses, the script omits some very dramatic parts of Caruso's life. The remarkable thing about him is that he has actually created roles in operas that are part of the standard repertoire today, but this is never mentioned in the film. These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "Girls of the Golden West". There is a famous photo of him posing with a leaf wrapped around him like a toga. The reason for this photo? His only shirt was in the wash. He was one of the pioneers of record music and had a long partnership with the Victor Talking Machine Company (later RCA Victor). On the night of the earthquake, he sang Jose in Carmen, San Francisco. Instead, he dies on the MGM story during a Martha performance on stage that has never happened. He had a bleeding during "L'Elisir d'amore" at the Met and could not finish the performance. He sang only three times in the Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino - Peritonitis. His first role at the Met was not Radames in Aida, as suggested in the film, but the Duke in Rigoletto. So when it says on the screen "proposed by Dorothy Caruso's biography of her husband," it was - suggested. It is true that Dorothy's father dismissed her after her wedding and left her $ 1 of his massive estate. They also had a daughter Gloria (who died on 07.10.2007 at the age of 79). However, Caruso had four more children from a lover before he married Dorothy. Some people say that Lanza's voice is as remarkable as Caruso's, but only hears Caruso's singing in the movie "Match Point" - Caruso's voice is remarkably different from Lanza's. In fact, if Caruso wanted to, he would have sung as a baritone. It is believed that he had some problems with high notes, further evidence of baritone addictions; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role that Lanza was definitely not. Lanza's voice did not deserve to be compared to another. He has made a unique contribution to film history and made opera music popular. He sings the music in "The Great Caruso" with a robust energy; He is really here at the peak of a short career. His action is natural and sincere. Ann Blyth is as pretty as Dorothy and can sing for herself. <br /> <br /> Really a movie for opera lovers and Lanza fans who are probably one and the same.
