Last night, I saw a double film of "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and saw both films in a row, without really having the opportunity to breathe in or think about the meaning of each film separately. After I slept it, I have to say that I prefer the former to the second and I will explain why. Before Sunrise introduces us to the young actors Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of release of the film; and Julie Delpy (the three-color trilogy), then 26 (though she looks much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer who travels through Europe following his separation from his girlfriend. She is a young French student on her way to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to leave the train together. The two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals then spend an entire night together in the beautifully built streets of Vienna, exchanging ideas and thoughts and gradually falling to love. <br /> <br /> The film wrote everywhere in the 1990s: then Technology jumped fast, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams just around the corner, and young adults like the one shown in the movie were from Joie de vivre and passion for the future met. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their mistakes and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, whether by mistake or on purpose, was half American-half French, swung from one spectrum to another and broke the character's credibility) , were a reflection of the times. Seeing how the naive couple swallows life with such meaning and excitement, all clichés and romance plays, but it also makes the audience fall in love with them, is what this movie really worked for me. The fact that the director does not tell you whether or not the relationship stays after the movie makes it even more worthwhile. All in all, Sunrise is a dreamy walk through the cityscapes of Vienna, a classic romantic rendezvous, and a movie that I will definitely come back to in the future for further insights.
