I bought the Before Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I could not help but miss Before Sunrise, not because the sequel was not great, but I felt like these two movies were just like any other I've ever seen, each one Time, when I saw one of them. I feel the need and long to see the other. I spent the weeks reviewing both, and I'm going to be embarrassed to mention exactly how many times. The most notable feature of Before Sunrise is how you feel about the evolution of their character's feelings. It sounds so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic films might think that they manage to follow the development, but for me - who does not believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first movie that really gives the viewers something chance to feel it. When I saw it for the first time, about 8 years ago, when I was 20 years old, I already liked it. But I did not rate it as a "great movie", it still seemed like another movie that feels good to other thinking people. Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters were well fabricated too, I thought, I liked it because it was like a dream and because I had enjoyed their conversations and so on. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel that this is more to Before Sunrise than what I've felt before. I have seen the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each of them is a single element and has a chance to mingle, the story is just a timeline, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that every scene has, as well as their refusal to be overly efficient, how blind I was, that these qualities did not find me extraordinary when I saw them for the first time! Well, 8 years have passed, the more movies I have seen, the more I realize that many films are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist because of their end, even movies like Pulp Fiction or Linklater's own Slackers. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids that, maybe Before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films that its end is just a consequence of time, not a goal, every single scene has its own life , I do not know if Linklater or anyone else had a sequel in mind when they did Before Sunrise, but for me the most amazing thing about these sequels is how these two films visually balance each other out. Before Sunrise, who I believe employs more static angels and brighter color schemes, seems to be trying to capture the smallest atoms of aliveness around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope as to whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I enter the vision of boredom as Jesse talks to the journalists in Before Sunset, and Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I've seen at the beginning of a movie, and the many moving shots afterwards take me to a place I do not know with any sadness in me, no matter how nice Paris is and no matter how happy I am that they meet again. I am sorry that I continue with my limited English for so long. Before Sunrise is already an extraordinary movie, without having to give away my distracted thoughts, and it gets even better with an equally great sequel.
