After a chance encounter on the train, a young couple spends a night walking through the streets of Vienna discussing life and love. The main reason for "Before Sunrise" is to see a young Julie Delpy delivering her lines. As "Celine," this sexy brown, brown, brown, brown girl is a cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in their mid-twenties. Celine risks exaggerating and is virtually the ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, yet natural, unpretentious, introspective and selflessly loving. We can easily forgive her for being a bit eccentric and talking a blue line, for her sincere, intelligent remarks occasionally permeate. Her varied facial expressions are mesmerizing and she speaks English with a French accent that is very lovable. <br /> <br /> If there's a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it would have to be her unkempt and disheveled Costar. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes across as an unappealingly appealing slob, a sort of Maynard G. cancer of the nineties. In an attempt to look distant and casual, he pulls himself through certain shots. His trousers are sitting badly, his t-shirt is unclamped, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive feature) needs to be washed thoroughly, and someone should really have shown him how to trim his youthful goatee neatly. Nevertheless, he is said to represent an unwashed teenager on a two-week train ride through Europe, so the look he looks after is probably pretty genuine. His often cynical observations and dry humor seem to impress the involuntarily romantic Celine, though occasionally disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally admits that he is completely fed and likes to be around her, because he feels like another person in his presence, we know that he is coming somewhere. <br /> <br /> After inflating their collective funds on a series of cafés, bars and silly distractions, they agree that they should make the most of it, because they never meet again. Jesse bums off a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender so he and his newly discovered lady can drop by in a park in the middle of the night to lie on the lawn, watch the moon and stars, and watch the sun rise , <br /> <br /> Given his boundless happiness in the romance department, it is particularly annoying when Jessie, as the definition of a naive idiot, foolishly gets out of this wonderful young woman. He was content with a half-frozen plan, which he had quickly come up with at the station when he asked her to meet again in the same place within half a year. When the appointed time comes, you just know that this beautiful and unusual girl gets involved in another, maybe even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, she probably will not show up while Jesse, who eventually returns to Target or, if he's lucky, works at the local library, will return to Vienna, desperate to see her again, just to be alone /> <br /> For me, a very daunting conclusion was "Before Sunrise" a beautiful movie. I recommend it and the sequel "Before Sunset".
