When I saw this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 through a free, extended movie show, I was totally thrilled and would have liked to pay for it. I was sorry when I later spoke to many people who had seen it and who were totally disappointed and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt the opposite. I was totally happy with the result and everything else. The people I spoke to said that it was talking too much! In addition, they were unhappy because they felt that the end surprised you about the fate of the two characters. I found these observations absurd and also a painful proof that the majority of American moviegoers seem to have a tendency to want easily traceable stories in movies where there is not too much complex and intelligent dialogue confused. They are also happy to be fed with a spoon - happy or sad. That disgusts me. Nobody wants to be challenged anymore ??? And as for the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I'm totally satisfied because I know in my heart that these two characters are seeing each other again. It's about your personal belief in romance and destiny. It is a very personal film that does not speak to all people. But it certainly appealed to me. Give it a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater has made a very nice film with a beautiful story against the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. As you watch, you feel as if you are strolling through the streets of the city with the characters. As if you yourself would stumble through Europe with a Eurail pass. It is very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an excellent job of bringing the complex script to life. You must have improvised during some parts and it works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their awkwardness as strangers who get to know each other in the beginning is very believable and you can really feel the romance and bond between them developing as the movie progresses. I feel that this was a very personal work for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for making this film. It definitely touched me and I hope it touches others as well. Bravo for the romance !!!
