There are many notable things before Sunrise, almost too many to fit in with such a report, but suffice it to say that it is one of the most observant character studies of the nineties, perhaps even throughout the contemporary cinema, not to be overly attentive Love, as such, as much as a human connection is concerned. How do you fall in love at first sight? Nobody does it, at least that's deep in the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And there is still the possibility of such an intense connection, a connection that can form with young people, with many ideas that can be articulated and expressed with a broad cynicism and somehow very tender and true at the same time. Linklater tells us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy, who climb out of the same train towards Vienna and start talking about things on the way there, first arbitrarily, then personally (Jessie sees death) the first time in his great-grandfather). Jessie persuades Celine to spend a night with him in the city of Vienna until he reaches his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise, Jessie and Celine, in the midst of beautiful Vienna, will be able to go on landscapes and locations where you can go on topics of great importance, and in a sense, conversations, how it is to observe how people are going to lead you into another. These are often relationships and obligations, because Jessie and Celine tell stories that are sometimes inconsistent or seemingly so, and another that has a lot to tell about their essential qualities. We hear confessions of craving for other loved ones, or what was not really loved, being part of a family, or being part of an education that may tell you how you will love your life, what it means to believe or not believe in one religious form or just a connection to some faith and soul (I loved that little bit about the Quakers in the church) and sometimes associated with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for the last part, but the intriguing thing about the movie is that he's never really cynical himself. He merely comments on the cynicism that lies in the concerns of men and women at this age of their lives. <br /> <br In the meantime, it's always nice to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in those roles where they are not incessantly annoying in the Generation X mode of the '90s, but the kind of people who have it is not the central image of the film. That's not bad at all, but necessary, you might think you're walking through the streets of a city somewhere. The idea is that of an old romantic picture ala Brief Encounter. Only here does the intimacy in the central characters express itself among themselves, with sweet side-pieces in fact acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret," says Jessie and then leans into a kiss, ho-ho) or in the small moments who show up on the way to other people. I've loved the scene with the poet, where it's very cinematic to suddenly find a random, romantic bit player in the midst of a romantic picture with such beautiful words, or with the palm reader and what the reactions of Jessie and Celine are we might share, but they really do see it first-hand. Meanwhile, Hawke and Delpy embody the roles in interesting ways - we can see how neuroses are already forming for their adult lives - and this can lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> With great cinematography and a script with an ear for natural wit and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, even when closed, as this can lead to something more. Who says you can not suddenly hang on to someone, if only for less than 24 hours, and so much more than a married couple? This is perhaps Linklater's thesis, but there is more to it than that. It is a very dense film that will call me over and over again. A scene that is both cheesy and brilliant is when the two phones talk to each other by imitating each other and imitating their representations that they may be going to each other's friends. A +
