Many of the reviews in this thread seem to be comparing this movie to "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone is entitled to compare the films they select, but the similarities between "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi-Juggernaut, during the main reference point highlighted with "Casablanca" The Humphrey Bogart's Unfair Treatment by the Academy of Fine Arts and Science in 1943 is because she chose Paul Lukas instead for the Oscar for Best Actor. It does not seem completely wrong to me. Lukas had a good career in the film (both here and in England - he's the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and that performance was his best. Bogart had more great performances than Rick Blaine (two years earlier he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra." Both were first-class performances, and he did not want to get an Oscar for his greatest Performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madres", the author / murderer's suspect in "In A Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" - he got it for Charley in "The African Queen "). I think Bogie should have got it for the role of Dobbs, but it did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he had to do with the decisive achievement of his minor career. Only a few can claim that. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie that features "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another script by Hellman, "The Searching Wind". Both consider the isolationism of America in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" really looks at the entire interwar period, while "Watch On The Rhine", set in the years leading up to World War II, has a few weeks left. Therefore, it is better constructed as a game and meaningful for its effect. <br /> <br /> The movie has many good performances, led by Lukas as an exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his faithful wife (show that she keeps her character as quiet as possible, since Lukas plays the role), Coulouris as the selfish, engaging but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as the dam of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Coulouris' wiser and sadder wife) and Kurt Katch delivering a devastating criticism (as Gestapo chief of the local embassy) about Coulouris and others who would deal with the Nazis. There is dialogue with bite in it. And what it says is quite true. It also has moments of near poetry. Experience the scene toward the end when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis and says, "The New World has left the scene of the Old World." Hellman could sometimes write very well. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the script and the performances, I would rate this film as high among the films of World War II.
