Before sunrise is romance for the slacker generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an unusual dream that comes true for most people. The film shows romance in all its splendor, but without the pitfalls that most couples encounter; In short, the film is about two people who have a relationship that comes as close to perfection as the relationships will ever be - with only one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships cool off over time, it is always strong and time itself is the only thing that wears off. Before Sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental "Hollywood romance", which also places these film leagues before the Vorgebern. The story follows two persons, Jesse; an American and Celine; a French girl who meets in Vienna on a train. They connect immediately and after telling her his terrible idea for a TV show and almost leaving the train, Jesse asks Celine to accompany him for a day in the quaint city of Vienna ... <br /> <br /> Before the Sunrise There are two primary reasons for this: realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and allows us to get to know them the way we do them in real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it's easy to believe that they're real people, not just actors working on a script. It also allows us to feel the characters for themselves, not just because they are the protagonists. This kind of realism is hard to capture, because at the end of the day, we viewers know that they are watching a movie and are not watching real life. Before Sunrise, however, is one of the truest realism exhibitions ever to be screened. A truly great script can not work on its own, and needs great actors to deliver in a way that does it justice, even though I'm neither a fan of Julie Deply nor Ethan Hawke; When you watch this movie, all you can do is respect them. I do not know if they were in their character or just played themselves, but when a movie is so good; It hardly matters. <br /> <br /> In a film like this, writing is the most important thing, and the script contains several observations about life that I could relate to most. This is what Richard Linklater achieved with this script, as it not only creates and builds the characters, but also manages to find out what true love is, along with some other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes can be personally related again is the brilliance of the letter. Everyone is different and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There may be certain aspects of a person who loves one person and hates another; and that's the case with the considerations in this script. The beauty of the film is complemented by the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important to the film, as this could be a story that takes place almost anywhere - but it does take a few beautiful pictures and the exciting, energetic romance that blossoms throughout the movie becomes of beauty the film accompanies location. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema. A film that captures the beauty of life without ever being exaggerated or overly sentimental. Before sunrise is what it is. And what it is, is pure film brilliance.
