Lillian Hellman, one of America's most famous playwrights, was a woman on a mission. Her leftist views were not well-regarded in the country at the time. In her memoirs she talks about her trip to the then Soviet Union, because she was fascinated by the so-called successes of this system. "Watch on the Rhine" must have come as a result of these years. The left wing in America, as everywhere in the world, had a problem with the rise of fascism, not only in Europe but also in Japan. "Watch on the Rhine" was a play that was produced on Broadway eight months before the Pearl Harbor attack of the Japanese. In it, Ms. Hellman announced the entry of America in the Second World War. The adaptation is credited to Ms. Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, her longtime companion. The film, staged by Herman Shumlin for the screen, was well received at its premiere in 1943. They cross the border with the United States from Mexico. They are to continue towards Mrs. Muller's house in Washington DC, where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a small celebrity hostess. The Mullers, whom we know are fleeing Europe because of the persecution against the opponents of the emerging totalitarian regime in Germany. In our opinion, the Mullers could in a sense have been better justified if they were Jewish and were fleeing from certain destruction. <br /> <br /> We find that Mr. Muller had a terrible time at home, as well as elsewhere because of his openness to denounce Fascim. He does not know that he comes to his mother-in-law's house, where one of the worst representatives of this philosophy is. <br /> <br /> The film offers outstanding acting all around. It's a curiosity because of the supporting role of Bette Davis. Paul Lukas repeats his Broadway role and convinces as Kurt Muller, the sincere man who wants to create a better world for himself and his family. Mr. Lukas does a great job with Kurt Muller and reiterates the role that has made him a stage lighting on Broadway. <br /> <br /> The other best performance is by Lucile Watson, who plays Fanny Farrelly, the matriarch of this family. Geraldine Fitzgerald is seen as Marthe de Brancovis, guest of the Farrellys, married to the despicable Teck de Brancovis, a Nazi sympathizer, played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods and the rest of the minor cast perform well, led by Mr. Shumlin. The film should serve as a reminder of the evil of totalitarian rule, no matter where.
