When I found the movie on schedule for Christmas, the title did not seem familiar, as I did not read the novel and heard nothing about the movie. After reading the content, I decided to spend my Christmas Eve watching the movie. The effect has totally surprised me: I can not remember when I last saw a movie in which every single moment involved me. A VOW TO CHERISH is without doubt one of the films that is now a real surprise that I have received from the cinema. Here are some arguments from me why I think this movie is a very underrated good movie. <br /> <br /> First, the entire content is particularly instructive. It has something to offer the modern audience - pure right belief and some answers to the universal questions. Is there a need for Christ in our time? Is love still important? What is faith for? What is the logic of burden and suffering in life? Is there really someone on my side whom I can always trust? The movie provides the answers through the content, because everything that happens to the characters can happen to each of us just as well. <br /> <br /> Second, the film is exceptionally humane. The main characters experience inner struggles and make extremely difficult decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own lives and forget the family or keep the values ​​taught at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife, and begin a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman he falls in love with? In fact, Ellen no longer recognizes him ... Nevertheless, he decides to swear his wife eternal loyalty. John's rebellious brother Phil (D. David Morin) had his easier life, though it does not satisfy him or he seriously thinks of his life. Phil's Prayer to God in the Park is a psychological masterpiece of the universal aspect of humanity. These words could be said by everyone alike, no matter where, when or how they live. There is always something stronger that brings these people together. This "something" is love and trust. I know that it may seem a bit idealistic. Not all families can be faithful, and that may not be easy. Nevertheless, this is a very educational and realistic aspect. <br /> <br /> Fourth, the entire film focuses on people's mutual help. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we have to understand one thing: we have to help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of such an attitude. At the beginning of the film we see him talking to John about praying. Later he helps his brother. Alexander is a bit of "angel" sent to John and his family. Is not it possible for us to become angels? <br /> <br /> Fifth, the artistic features must be considered. PERFORMANCES: Barbara Babcock gives an authentic performance as Ellen and although she plays a difficult role, she does a perfect job. For example, consider the moment she appears at school and desperately wants to teach again. Ken Howard is also memorable as a faithful husband. BILD: Most memorable for me was the scene where John and Ellen walked in the park on the fallen leaves (autumn), while the sun (love) spreads everywhere. I have interpreted it as a kind of symbol: even when there is sadness, it can always be enlightened by light and joy to love, which is faithfulness, it has once again shown me how beautiful it is to live and believe. Finally, I would like to quote the profound words from the film that I find very touching, and I hope you will make Kyle his uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives by the Bible. But nobody forces you to. What rules do you live by?
