I'll tell you a story from the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canada Day concert in Barrie, and it was a who's who of the best Canadian bands of that time. We arrived at 4am, waiting in line almost all morning, and when the doors opened at 9am we were among the first inside the gates. We then waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly grilling, but we did not care, because the headliners were among our favorites. At some point in the early afternoon I sat down and fell asleep with my back to the barrier. I was awakened by a screaming girl with a Rheostatics T-shirt to my shock and dismay. That's why I hated Rheostatics until today. There is nothing sensible or tasteful except for her fandom. Rotten by me, right? In my hatred for the band, I denied myself the joy that Whale Music is. Desmond Howl had everything. It's hard to say what he lost as he lives in a fantastic mansion sandwiched between the sea and the mountains (the BC region where the movie was shot is breathtaking). The life that most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams, ghosts, and its own past, until the day a juvenile criminal breaks in ... and, as it sounds, breaks out. Canadian cinema suffers from several problems. In general, a lack of money and an unbearable lack of help (as if the feature was somehow no longer Canadian) lead to lower production levels than American or British films, and most people do not look or sound like an American movie , Next, Canadian screenwriters often seem so stunned that they do not know how to tell a good story and tell it well. Third, they seem to think that unfounded nudity (often full-frontal) makes something artistic. I'm sure anyone who watches enough Canadian films, especially late in the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost as if there's a "do not do this" manual that exists somewhere out there, and Canadian filmmakers threw it out long ago. <br /> <br /> However, in the '90s and' 00s, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant CRAZY have broken that shape and managed to retain what they do Canadian while focusing on observable production levels Whale music is such a film on the surface - deeper than just the Canadian isms, it is a deeply moving story of a man who has lost his footing through grief and excesses and the love of love the music is released and that even relieves the rheostatics :)
