"Emma" was a product of what the First Great Jane Austen Cycle of the mid-nineties could call, and it was recently shown on British television, no doubt because of the interest in the author who was created by the Second Great Jane Austen Cycle two years ago with "Pride and Prejudice". We currently have the austenial biopic "Becoming Jane" in cinemas, and ITV has recently produced three television films based on Austen's novels. This includes "Northanger Abbey," the only one of the six great novels that has not been filmed so far. The cycle should now be completed. Undoubtedly, there will be more in the near future. (There is, after all, her adolescent "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short novella "Lady Susan"), and someone has undoubtedly put an end to her two unfinished fragments, "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." There are all these Austen sequels , which were brought out by modern authors. The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (Not, as some critics have supposed, the Victorian England-Austen died before Queen Victoria was born). Emma is financially much better off than most Austen heroines like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she does not need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject the marriage proposal of a young farmer, Robert Martin. He thinks Harriet should target the ambitious clergyman, Mr. Elton. This scheme, however, is devastatingly wrong, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his suggestion makes her wonder why she was so anxious to compare her friend to a man she (for good reason) regards as an inappropriate spouse for herself. Since this is an act of Jane Austen, it turns out that Emma is less committed than she seems, and she too falls in love, which leads to further complications. Emma always insists that she will not do so, marry her without affection, and if she finds a partner, the handsome Mr. Knightley, we feel that this will be a tender marriage. However, it does not seem to be very passionate (unlike, for example, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21, he is 37 years old), and related by marriage to her, is more of a father figure than a lover. Much more a father figure than her real father, a stubborn, selfish hypochondriac who looks more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude and boring with her friend Miss Bates, it is Knightley who scolds her for her lack of manners. (His last name is probably meant to refer to his gentleman nature - the gentlemen of the 19th century like to consider themselves the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate knight rules). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their roles very well, but this is not really one of the great screen romances. <br /> <br /> Of the other characters, I liked the vulgar woman Elton of Juliet Stephenson and Harriet of Toni Collette. I know that Harriet in the novel was a naive young teenager, while here she resembles more closely the figure that Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding" - a gauche, overweight twenty things that are annoying about her chances of a man. Still, I felt that this characterization related to the movie worked well and did not distract from Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's rather light-hearted works, without the darker tones of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", and this is reflected on the canvas. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes, elegant costumes and fine manners. Apart from the restless gypsies, who appear only very briefly, Mrs. Bates and her daughter are the only "poor" people we see, living in a kind of picturesque, rose-covered thatched house that would be changing hands today 500,000 Pounds, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world poverty is defined as not a stately home. Of course, this is not a comprehensive picture of the early 19th century, but no one has ever called Austen the Regency equivalent of a kitchen sink realist. An ingenious romantic comedy, combined with an attentive eye for analyzing the human character, was more in line. <br /> <br /> I would not rate this movie as high as 1994's "Sense and Sensibility" or the recently released "Pride" and Prejudice "- it tends to pull something in the middle, even though it does strong beginning and a strong ending - but it is, in the main, a very pleasing Austen adaptation
