The romance is in the air and love flourishes in the Victorian era of England. In this light-hearted story directed against a society, at a time when manners were still fashionable, ladies were charming and elegant, and gentlemen fell. "Emma," based on the novel by Jane Austen and screen-written and directed by Douglas McGrath, plays the lovely Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. Emma is a self-proclaimed matchmaker and is very excited about the romantic idea of ​​playing Cupid and combining those she thinks fit. After a successful matching that ended in marriage, she next aspires to find a partner for her friend Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her first attempt proves to be unsatisfactory. Meanwhile, her efforts are eased by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose insights on matters of the heart often seem to be a little smarter than Emma's and give the process a certain balance. And Emma, ​​who cares so much about what is right for others, neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all: her own. The world turns and loves a lot, but Emma misses the boat. Fortunately for them, however, someone is just right for them, who is waiting in the wings. Well, if only she can stop long enough to realize it. But as anyone who knows true love knows, matters of the heart can be right or wrong in a moment, according to the least; and while romance is at hand for Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and use the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has developed and delivered a delightful, feel-good movie that is like a breath of fresh air in our movie often turbulent world. It may be a touch of frivolity, but in retrospect, this story looks at something that may be the most important thing there is - in all honesty - for everyone: love. And with McGrath's impeccable sense of speed and timing, everything here is so entertaining and enjoyable. It is a pleasant, moving film with a wonderful cast that successfully transports the viewer to another time and place. It is light, but absorbing. and the picturesque settings and processes provide a sense of well-being and tranquility that allow you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow. <br /> <br /> Winning Paltrow, winner of the Best Actress Oscar "Shakespeare In Love" Two years after creating this film, it seems comfortable and at home in this genre. It embodies everything British and does so with such naturalness and ease that this kind of performance is easily taken for granted or completely overlooked. She's just as good at what she does and makes it that easy. She has a charismatic screen presence and a lovable way that is very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. But Paltrow is unique. As an actress she has a wide range and style and has proven with films like "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "A Perfect Murder" that she can play virtually any role effectively and with this personal touch, any role that she can plays, to their own power. But she really shines with characters like Emma. She is so expressive and open and her personality is so compelling that she is someone who is easy to communicate with and it is simply a pleasure to watch her, no matter what role she plays. And for Emma she is absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam is also doing very well in the role of Knightley and, like Paltrow, seems to be suitable for the genre - in the right role, that is; His appearance in the newer "The Golden Bowl", in which he played an Italian prince, was not very satisfying. Here he is perfect; He is pretty and wears himself so that Knightley is believable and very real. Like Mr. Darcy in the miniseries "Pride and Prejudice" by Colin Firth, Northam has created a memorable figure with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Also excellent in supporting roles and worth mentioning are Toni Collette, as Emma's friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming as Reverend Elton. Collette and Cumming create characters who are very real people and, as such, become a decisive asset to the overall success of this film. And it shows how invaluable the supporting players are in the world of cinema and films of all genres. <br /> <br /> Supporting performers include Greta Scacchi (Ms. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Ms. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Ms. Bates), Polly Walker and Ewan McGregor. "Emma" is an uplifting, elegant film that recalls civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in an often too unpleasant world. And even if it is only through the magic of the screen, it is nice to be able to escape to such a world, if only for a few hours, as it fulfills the need for this renewal of the belief in the human mind. And that's the magic of the movies. I rate this with 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
