I saw CUBE and I'm a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this incompetent ability to do an act, and he can barely wrestle her like a wet towel for the whole action he can muster. Instead, he lets the stories unfold in a natural way, so much so that you actually believe that there is this cube in which people are trying to escape, or in the case of NOTHING a large empty space in which ... nothing ! The ad had instantly hooked me up. It seemed so easy! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does this so easily that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothing becomes an irony within the film. There is nothing, but also "something" there. <br /> <br /> It could be a good time to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was fortunate to actually understand that the movie tended to be a more comedic side than the trailer that was otherwise told. So, as I watched the movie, I laughed off and on while someone misleading the ad finds himself completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I take a minute to praise the movie where the movie is, the concept is. It's an ingenious concept to have a world of nothingness and to place two characters there, NOT two brilliantly-minded characters who will philosophize and work out their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where they are! Another important point is the cinematography of the film, even if it does not look like this at first! Where every wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is only a white plane, the perception of depth becomes flawed. It's hard to determine where things are in the mis-en scene. In cinematography, there are many moments when this actually happens, but the camera is mostly arranged to place two characters or an object and a character in the foreground and background, giving a sense of depth <br /> However, this film is missing in certain areas. The movie is relatively short, but after a while, the novelty of this world of nothingness becomes rather boring and you want to find some sort of dissolution in the plot. We can also argue that the play is questionable again. These two characters are unlikely in a sense, so we do not feel sympathy for these characters anywhere. On the other hand, however, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems to be real enough, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, I make the film for an absolutely entertaining movie! Do not let the trailer make you think this is another sci-fi horror movie. It's much more of a comedy than that! It is worthwhile, however, to look purely for the concept itself!
