Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his preference for figure-based science-fiction films with his 1997 short film "Elevated," in which 3 people remain trapped in an elevator while unseen monsters roam the building. His follow-up project "Cube", released later this year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people, and instead of a lift, this was a vast expansion of the interlocking cubic death traps. Both were admirable attempts to take the science-fiction genre a step further by purposely refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, instead spending as much time as possible focusing on the human element as the characters below respond to incomprehensible behavior, interact and interact and dangerous conditions. After exploring the mainstream with "Cypher" in 2002, Natali returned to his bizarre character-film trend, bringing us "Nothing," his newest, and by far the most optimistic, and comedic allusion to the vast film world of "What If." ? "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends brought together by mutual distancing from society and the lack of someone Dave, who has always been a selfish and something living with Andrew in his poorly-located and poorly-built home, where he often exploits Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality, despite all this, the two outsiders are happy with each other until one day their profound character weaknesses, coupled with some astronomical bad luck, In the midst of a rather serious, prison-worthy hassle, they also find their home is deemed non-viable and to be demolished before sunset, in the hazy, nightmarish panic where everything goes wrong, they want that the whole world would just disappear, and it does. <br /> <br /> Another step with overseas It would affect much of the film's slow (sometimes too slow) movie and reveal what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they deal with their new reality. Natali's fascination with studying human behavior under duress (ala The Birds) is piqued here, but by turning the main characters into friends rather than strangers, he can break away from the thriller-horror element of that premise to open it more comfortable and optimistic level. It is almost as if he were the aphoristic opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is no 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In keeping with fundamental realism, the dynamics of our two anti-heroes are often antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. Like the "Desert Island" game, the film is about how even best friends can fall apart, but also shows that friends are critical to the quality of life. In a very twisted, science-fiction way, this is a feel-good movie with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some concerns about "Nothing". While the two leading actresses, Hewlett and Miller, perform well with their roles, their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should be, considering it's up to them to spend most of their time talking. There is some development in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew, some background knowledge is given, but ultimately not enough. A generous viewer will sit through the less engaging parts of the movie to see it through to the end, but cynics are likely to give up pretty quickly. <br /> <br /> As I said, action is reasonable and reasonably convincing, given the amount of green screen work that would have been needed. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both of whom have written the script, are long-time friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett has played a role in every film Natali has filmed. Maybe it was her creative input that turned this film into a more positive direction. Nevertheless, the story could have included much more. Granted, it's relatively entertaining considering that (no pun intended) really nothing happens, but you get the impression that in experienced hands, much more could have been done with that premise. All in all, "Nothing" is in many ways an impressive job. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level and above all shows progress in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of his work this will be a pleasure and for others it will be a nice way to spend a little bit of unwanted time. It's just a shame the director's fixation on human drama did not make him a great, entertaining movie.
