Something changed, "Nothing" could be a children's film. It's a very smart concept that touches on some interesting metaphysical issues and contradicts pretty much any Hollywood convention you can think of. What goes against everything more than literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong in their lives. All that's left is what they do not hate and a big empty space. It's hard to focus a story for the majority of your movie on just two actors, especially without any cuts outside the storyline. It focuses on quite a topic, but this is the main area of ​​Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen 'Cube', you already know that he likes this kind of situation. The "nothing" in this movie seems to be infinite space, but Natali somehow manages to make it a bit claustrophobic, if only because there is literally nothing else and nowhere else to go. The actors sell it, although you can tell these guys anyway. Two actors from 'Cube' return here (Worth and Kazan), but are completely different characters. They change throughout history, and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least credible. <br /> <br /> The reason I say this could be a children's movie is right because apart from a few f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence, the bizarre and often stupid feeling of this movie could be from children easily digested. I find it a strange choice that the authors have decided to add some blatant language and a bit of gore, especially considering that there is not much of it. This would easily have resulted in a PG rating if they had just cut out a few things and changed a little dialogue. There is little to complain about in this film, but just enough to keep the parents from seeing their children. I'm just saying, that's a shame, not because I support the censorship, but because this may have been the only thing that keeps this movie from a major exposure. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty entertaining movie with some scenes taken out. But because they are literally for nothing, focusing entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
