Nothing is fantastic! As simple as that! It's a movie that should not work. Natali stays in the sci-fi area, but this movie is also a comedy. Cypher seemed to have been a big budget for Natali ($ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!). With Nothing he goes back. This is an inexpensive, independent filmmaking. Simple, good, old-fashioned storytelling and trying to make a movie for artistic merit, as suggested by Hollywood's usual reasons, mainly for financial reasons. Nothing is a movie about nothing and before you ask, no, it's nothing like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave are a few losers. You live in a strange-looking house under two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphob while Dave is Andrews' best buddy who stays with him free to help him. Dave is fed up with a beautiful girlfriend he wants to move with. However, through bizarre mishaps, Dave finds out that his girlfriend has accused a huge amount of money from Dave's workplace and accused Dave, and Andrew has been falsely accused of sexually assaulting a female boy scout. It turns out that Andrew's house must also be demolished and he can not prevent it because the house was built on land on which it should not be built. Both Andrew and Dave are in the house when the police and the demolition team call. They are desperate and can not escape, and in the panic and confusion, when the police burst in everything, everything is white. What happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to find themselves in the house, only it is quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry scout! What happens is that Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "want or hate". As it turned out, they hated the entire outside world. You are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is represented as pure white. So that means the movie set is a house set and then it's just white. The film offers an interesting insight into human isolation and the psyche and of course, as they spend more time alone without food or water, they begin to tire each other out. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful, but obviously things will get out of hand, we should say. I can not say much, but I have to say that bobbing heads are quite a sight. <br /> <br /> This movie is quirky, funny and interesting. The effects are simple yet effective, and Natali brings together two Cube friends, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar, to lead the film. They have chemistry and work very well. You have to keep 90% of the movie alone and for the most part in a pure white background, but it works. Of course I expect that this has the same devilish treatment as Cypher and should appear on DVD in a year or two in the US. Nothing is a first-rate and unique movie and although he is not as good as Cube or Cypher, he once again proves Natali to be one of the best offspring. <br /> <br /> Natali is someone who's really interested in his three features so far and I can not wait for his next feature. I prey on God that he does not do the planned necropolis written and directed by ADD sufferers, the eternal crap Paul Anderson. Vincenzo, old buddy, when Paul comes to you, RUN !!! RACE LIKE THE WIND !! I hope and loot this guy does not bring to Hollywood, as Alex Proyas did (with the enjoyable, dolled, sugar-coated Helium Light: I Robot!). Keep your eyes open for this guy. ****
