089: Footlight Parade (1933) - published on 30.09.1933, seen on 05.05.07. <br /> <br /> The ice cream cone was invented in New York. <br /> <br /> KEVIN: After a long and exhausting break we released another Busby Berkeley musical from Warner Bros. This time it's the ultra-fast Footlight parade with James Cagney as Juggernaut stage producer Chester Kent. I'm 100% sure that Cagney has guided Berkeley with his performance of the indomitable Kent, who has every minute new ideas for his performances. Joan Blondell is also great as a sour secretary who turns into love. The subplot of Ruby Keeler / Dick Powell is not that big this time, but no less enjoyable. One thing that baffled me was Berkeley's performances, which seemed far too extravagant and too complex to be performed on every stage, let alone a stage on which a film was later to be shown. Obviously, Busby does not allow a little thing like a story to stop him from putting together the most outstanding musical numbers he can possibly summon. I liked almost the entire movie to the very end, with the shamelessly offensive number "Shanghai Lil" that, as you can imagine, is about as vicious as racially vile imaginings. <br /> <br /> DOUG: Six films in three months. Must be a new record. However, this completes Warner Bros. 'musical trilogy of 1933, preceded by' 42nd Street 'and' Gold Diggers of 1933 '. I would definitely recommend watching all three in a row. I wonder if James Cagney channeled Busby Berkeley while playing Chester Kent in that movie, or if the role was written by Busby as written. I hope it was; It seems to make sense that Berkeley is the guy who sees complicated dances in everyday happenings, as Chester does. The funny thing about Cagney was that in the traditional sense, he did not really look like a leading man. He was 5'7 "tall, square-headed and spoke in a strange New York accent, but the guy was quite versatile and went from the venomous gangsters who made him so famous to the fast-talking producer-types Seeing here he could dance, he was basically a leading man in the character actor character, the rest of the cast has some familiar faces, Joan Blondell returns and is currently stealing the show as Cagney's loyal and lusty secretary, Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler playing the cute couple, however, seems to have considered before less time on the screen, Billy Barty reappears as a mischievous imp. the film is typical of the more racy and material intended for adult musicals of the pre-code era, in contrast to those of the 50s and 60s, which were more family-oriented, and are an outstanding highlight of Warner's musicals this year (the "Shanghai Lil" number) not behind, with Keeler working poorly in the search for Chinese). <br /> <br /> Last movie: Dinner at Eight (1933) Next movie: I'm No Angel (1933).
