When it came out, this was pretty up to date with musical film entertainment. To date, it is more entertaining than most, in part because James Cagney, as a musical prologue producer, is under a series of deadlines and protected from all storms by his faithful "girl" Joan Blondell. Also, the musical numbers towards the end, put together by Busby Berkeley, are a real knockout in that kind of thing. <br /> <br /> But that's a pretty strange movie. I mean in one of those numbers: Billy Barty walks around pretending to be a gracious toddler doing all sorts of strange things. Ruby Keeler always seems to have a sickening smile on her face, but at least she does not have to act like some of her later unfortunate movies. They never thought that Dick Powell was a tough guy because he saw him in this movie. Apparently, all the hard energy was assigned to Star Cagney. As for Cagney, his high-speed musical shows, etc. are irritating and annoying at the same time. After a while, it will be a bit too much. They expect him to go out and say, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! The women are cigarettes and they come from a pack of smoke Oh no, we did that last month!" It's funny, but it gets a bit repetitive. In the moments when he has to deal with the evil woman Ruth Donnelly hard, comes out part of the established Cagney gangster figure. In fact, frequent director B-gangster William Keighley is credited with dialogue coaching here, and it seems Cagney and Blondell are calling something very "street," though the characters are not criminal. The musical numbers ... what can you say? Standing alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is truly amazing. But none of them really mean anything. It means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. And the whole claim of integration falls apart immediately, as the characters in the show are doing things that a theater audience like movie portraits would not appreciate. For example, at one point they show the fine print on a newspaper, things like that. The whole thing could only exist in the film, so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only guess that the audience at that time was a little less critical than about ten years later, as this is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see Cagney's show for yourself of his excellent dancing skills, and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are going well. The music I would say is mediocre, but mostly pleasant if it repeats itself. Bacon's direction is generally very appropriate, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is undeniable and has received a nostalgic value along the way. It's a cut above most of the "let's do a show" movies of the 30s.
