The energetic young producer of theatrical prologues (those productions that are usually musical and who have often driven the film on in previous cinemas) has to deal with weird competition, fraudulent partners, unfaithful lovers, and amateur talents, for his dream of realizing his character Realize on the FOOTLIGHT PARADE. <br /> <br /> Although very similar to Warner's musical spectacles, especially the GOLDDIGGER movies, this film had a special attraction none of the others had: Jimmy Cagney. He is a wonder, loose and supple, as mobile as any cat, a creature he imitates several times during the film. Cagney awakens the viewer's attention and never lets him go. He ensures with his charisma and his lively charm for the fast dialogue and the crazy action. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast also do their best. Joan Blondell is perfect as a smart, big-hearted blonde secretary who enchants with Cagney (Dizzying: Why did not she give a musical number?). Dick Powell & Ruby Keeler play lovers again on stage & off; The fact that her singing and acting skills are a bit slim is compensated by her dancing. In his unfamiliar position as second male lead, Powell still exudes boyish enthusiasm. Guy Kibbee & Hugh Herbert are a lot of fun as brother-in-law, both cheating on Cagney in different ways. Ruth Donnelly scores as a wealthy wife of Kibbee, a woman dedicated to her beautiful protégés. Frank McHugh's haunted choreographer is a fitting foil for Cagney's joke. Herman Bing is funny in his only tiny scene as a music arranger. Mavens will discover little Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin and maybe even John Garfield during the music numbers. <br /> <br / Finally there is Busby Berkeley, the choreographer Nonpareil. His Terpsichore sweets sprinkled throughout the decade of the 1930s were an outstanding example of the cinematic escapism that the depression audience wanted to enjoy. The big joke about Berkeley's creations was, of course, that they were intended as part of the plot as stage productions. But no theater could hold these products of the imagination of the master. They are perfect illustrations for the kind of entertainment that is only possible with the movie camera. <br /> <br /> Berkeley's musical offerings generally followed one of two different approaches, either a story (often a bit bizarre) told with song and dance; or stunning geometric figures, eye candy, ample chorus girls, overhead camera work & a romantic melody. FOOTLIGHT PARADE reaches in a spook of extravagant extravaganza three major works of Berkeley: "Honeymoon Hotel" and its pre-production code, which tells the wedding night of a couple; 'By A Waterfall' - Dozens of naked women splashing, swimming and diving in perfect patterns and designs (look closely and you'll see how the synchronous effects were achieved); and finally "Shanghai Lil" - a fitting homage to the talents of Cagney and Berkeley.
