First of all a summary: The porn queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographic lover Max (George Shannon) in a game with sexual Russian roulette. Alta's other lovers, the icy lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), provide an alibi for Max. But Camila has her own agenda and plan to seduce innocent actress Julie (again Lynn) into a web of sexual thinking. When the identity of the lookalikes is sufficiently blurred, the stage for revenge is as passionate as the most heated carnal encounter. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is quite dark and has never attracted much attention, I think it's a sexy, exciting gem. The cult goddess Woronov has one of her best roles, and she and the innocent, sexy innocent Lowry are doing well. The disturbing music of Gershon Kingsley and two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You'll Never Leave Me") and Jaynett's "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" make for an unforgettable soundtrack. Theodore Gershuny's direction is sharp, photographed in subdued earth tones that point perfectly to unsavory business gushing under the upper crust of society. With a great New York atmosphere, Ondine (Woronov's friend and comrade Warholite) gives a great performance in a small role and the exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in a weird subplot. Although this negotiation is amusing, it seems to belong entirely in another film. But I'm not complaining, because the movie is smooth, even if it changes gears, and it's even more interesting than that erotic thriller trash is currently being wiped out. Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally rated X (Softcore) and published in 1973 by the General Film Corporation. I am the proud owner of an original one-sheet poster - luckily! In 1977, the film was cut for a R and re-released by the Troma team, which now offers it uncut on videotape. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time, and it was reportedly uncomfortable for her to play the simulated, simulated lesbian sex scenes with him behind the camera. She is also featured in two of his earlier productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
