An opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a dwarf), prostitutes galore, violent mess in a dive, a motel for sexual shenanigans, sparsely clad babes with lots of cleavage, a jerk off the stairs, a racially mixed crowd A bar that treats Asians, Africans, and Anglos alike sounds like a movie playing at a local mall? Not correct. These are all scenes from a musical from 1933. <br /> <br /> The first half of "Footlight Parade" is the preparation of a musical extravaganza that occupies the last half of the movie. Chester Kent (Cagney) is on the verge of losing his job, and he loses his Playgirl wife as a result of images depicting live stage musicals. His producers make him a popular talkie of the day, John Wayne in "The Big Trail". Before each performance of the strip, a dance number is displayed as a prologue. Later shorts, news rolls, series and cartoons were used. Kent came up with the idea that a prologue chain would be the road to salvation for the dwindling live music business. Kent is essentially an idea man, much like the choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that Cagney's character is patterned after Berkeley? Could be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the prologue, Kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival. He uncovers the traitor, fires him, without realizing that a new leak is being planted in the form of a dazzling temptress. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell), has the best minds for Kent and is determined to expose the seductress's cunning. A new singer from Arkansas College appears in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell), who turns out to be a real find and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The resulting three Prolog-musicals, which could not be presented on any stage of the day, are as fresh and entertaining today as they were over seventy years ago: "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall" and "Shanghai" Lil. "<br /> <br /> Especially noteworthy is the song and dance of James Cagney, like Fred Astaire and Bill" Bojangles "Robinson, Cagney's dance was natural and incomprehensible, though it took hours to get every step exactly was not as good as Astaire's, but Cagney's vocals sounded like Astaire's, of course, in contrast to the then-popular singing, it's amazing that a person can be as talented and versatile as James Cagney, and most critics prefer However, the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is astonishing: how Berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and create the human serpent chain must have been difficult because they were The close-up shots, brilliantly blended with distant angles, are a must-have, and the crisp black-and-white photography is far more artistic, as if it had been taken in color. <br /> <br /> Although not nearly as socially aware as "Gold Diggers of 1933", "Footlight Parade" is by itself one of the most amazing and disgusting musicals ever to hit the big screen.
