A very early film produced by Oliver Stone (Associate) and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the world's only truly independent film studio Troma, creator of Toxic Avenger and the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival (over 30 years old) Lloyd, who had raised the money for this film alone, wrote this script in 1970 with Theodore Gershuni and regrets in retrospect that he has heard the advice Gershuni to direct the film differently, rather than make it himself. But he was still inexperienced in the business at the time, and presumably because of decisions such as this, he does not take any nonsense from anyone - it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own screenplay - as one of the most original, daring, experimental, and uncompromising directors He probably would still have world for him given more head start than he already has. But as it is, we have the movie directed by Gershuni. And when it comes to the strong script or the fact that he too is a pretty own director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, high-voltage and well-developed movie that deserves much more attention than it gets. The small budget of the small studio (that was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years, Michael Herz, who founded Troma), was so well made, that the film looks much more expensive, not a "low budget" Look at everything. The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover, who can not be betrayed by circumstances I will not betray, so as not to spoil a pleasing story. This leads to a series of plot changes, mental games and personality reforms that are loosely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least so inventive. However, the atmosphere is much grimmer and I come to some comparisons with the performance of Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell. This mix is ​​a very original and inventive erotic, erotic thriller that makes it unclear how it will all end, along with a wonderfully interwoven sub-plot with a nod to Kaufman's earlier and unfortunately unavailable BIG GUSS WHAT'S THE FOOT makes one and a half hours exciting. Certainly one of the best films in Troma's library, and again one of the films that defies the curious fantasy that their catalog has a bad taste. The DVD contains some recent interviews directed by Kaufman with Woronov and other lead actress Lynn Lowry (later seen in George Romero's THE CRAZIES). This gives some interesting insights into the evolution of this cult favorite and a few tips would be different if Lloyd had directed it himself. Highly recommended.
