My former contemporary from Cambridge, Simon Heffer, now a writer and journalist, has argued that, as British filmmakers often criticized in the 1980s, what they called "Thatcher's Britain", the Ealing comedies were meant to be satirical. Attlee's Britain, Britain, which was created after the Labor victory in the parliamentary elections of 1945. This theory should probably not on "Child Hearts and Coronets" (which is about a satire of the Edwardian upper class) or on "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob "may be somewhat satirical, but it is not political in nature, but it can be applied to most of the other films in the series, in particular" Passport to Pimlico. "Pimlico is or was a predominantly working-class neighborhood, at least in the 1940s in London, on the North Bank of the Thames, about a mile from Victoria Station It is not entirely true, as is often said, the film is about Pimlico, who declares himself "independent of Britain." What happens is that an ancient charter comes to light proving that King Edward IV had ceded the area to the Duchy of Burgundy in the 15th century, which means that Pim Technically speaking, it is an independent state for almost five hundred years, irrespective of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to pass a special law of parliament to correct the anomaly, but until the law receives royal approval, the area remains outside the UK and British laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject Under British law, the local pub's landlord is free to set the opening hours of his choice and the local shopkeepers can sell what they want to anyone they want and unhindered by rationing laws. When other traders move into the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they see as a legalized black market and they seal the area to force the "Burgundians" and the inhabitants of Pimlico renamed itself to surrender. <br /> <br /> Many of the Ealing comedies have as a central theme the idea that the little man takes over the system, either as an individual, as is the case in "The Man in a White Suit". or "The Lavender Hill Mob" or as part of a larger community like "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of "Passport" is ordinary men and women who adopt bureaucracy and regulatory requirements that seem to be an increasingly important feature of Britain's 1940s life. The special goal of the film is the rationing system. During the war, the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against National Socialism, but it became increasingly politically controversial as the government tried to keep it in peacetime. This was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee government, which had been elected by a large majority in 1945. Organizations such as the British Housewives' League were formed to work for the abolition of rationing. I can not agree with the reviewer, who stated that the movie's main satire targets were the "spivs" (black marketer) who play a relatively minor role in the action, or the Housewives' League, which does not appear at all. The satire is very much directed at the bureaucrats, who are portrayed either as "rules of the rules" or as a longing for the buck in order to have to do anything. <br /> <br /> I guess if the movie were shot today, Pimlico would have a different end than a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (I even suspect that this concept is more likely to be the basis of a TV sitcom than a movie today). However, in 1949, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were severe stress patriotism and British identity. Therefore, the film ends with Pimlico being reabsorbed to the UK. One of the most famous lines from the film is "We have always been English and we will always be English, and just because we are English we remain our right to be Burgundy". There is a sharp contrast between the Office's rather heartless attitude and common sense, tolerance and the good humor of the Cockneys of Pimlico, all portrayed as typical British features. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and a hot heatwave, but in the final scene, after Pimlico returns to the UK, the temperature drops and it starts to rain. Global warming may have changed things a little bit, but for many years, it was one of Britain's beliefs, no matter what statistics might say that Britain had an unusually wet climate. The ability to joke about this climate was just as important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, the grocer and petit-bourgeois local politician who is appointed Prime Minister of the Free Pimlico is an amusing cameo by Margaret Rutherford as a professor of historical history. In general, however, this is appropriate enough for a film about a small community that is contracting, an example of ensemble that does not play with real star performances, but all contribute to making a great movie. The will and the grudges of many recent satirical films are lacking, but wit and satire are no less effective in all of this. It is still one of the funniest satires on bureaucracy ever made, and with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my personal favorite among the Ealing comedies. 10/10
