Get this movie if possible. You'll find a really good performance by Barbara Bach, a beautiful camera of a stately (and unbelievably clean) but spooky old house and an unexpected virtuoso performance of ?? "The unseen". I took a used copy of this movie because I wanted to see more of Bach, whom I just saw in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I really love classically beautiful actresses and appreciate them all the more when they can act. So, let's start with a nice new premise. TV reporter Bach goes out with a friend and reports on a festival in a Californian town, Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish descent with a big folk festival. She brings along a camerawoman who happens to be her sister and another co-worker. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know who the celebrities are, with whom each of these women is married, it's just too funny, Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamb (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) going down to see street that has a sisterly quarrel.)) Anyway? Bach's annoyed Beau follows her to Solvang, as he has not argued with her yet. There is still a lot of emotion between them, but she does not want to watch him get upset about his rundown football career. The ladies arrive in Solvang to complete the order for their station, only to find that their reservations have been given to someone else. (Maybe to Bach's friend, because you think of it, where is he?). The girls are asking around, but there is nothing else to do. Mistakenly, they tried to get into an old hotel, which now only serves as a museum, they arouse the interest of the proprietor Mr. Keller (of the late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and accommodate them at home, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive her. Oh no! Next, we know that Keller makes a whisper call to his wife, she warns that the company is coming, and threatens that she should play better. Trouble in paradise! The ladies want to get in and go back to Solvang to record footage and interview Sweden, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamb leave her behind and wonder about Mrs. Keller (heart-rendingly played by lovely Lelia Goldoni), who looks like she has just lost her best buddy. Speaking of what? Under the weather, Vicki takes off her clothes and enters a beautiful hot tub, unaware that Keller has sneaked into her room to inspect the keyhole. She hears him, thinks he has come to bring laundry, and calls her thanks. Lassick did a great job in this scene, showing the fear of a fat old guy who did not see it long enough. After he leaves, poor Vicki goes to bed for a nap, but is quickly torn (in a really decent, frightening lap) by something BIG that has apparently crawled through a grid on the floor. The unseen! Lamb comes home next (Bach ends a quarrel with her boyfriend) and can not find anyone in the house. She turns over a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and on her hands and knees to collect her hair and her fashionable scarf hover seductively over the black floor grid. Put the invisible on again! At about the time the poor lamb is getting his dumb in the kitchen, we review Mr. Keller's past and learn all about his sick, sadistic background and why his wife does not smile much. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile Lassick was informed by his crying wife about the carnage of the afternoon and decides not to let Bach out of the house to reveal the secret of his house. He lures them down to the basement, where the last act of the basement tragedy is finally open to all of us. I can not say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I had never met; It is obvious that he did his homework for this role and studied the communication and expression methods of the damaged brain. Bach and Goldoni give the film a special shine. Not only that, but the movie ends with a satisfying resolution. No stupid cheap tricks, eyeball-rolling dialogue or pathetic cut corners ... A real treat for your collection.
