It's true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simple horror thriller with a very predictable plot, no special attempts at surprises or surprises, and literally every cliché the genre has made over the decades, but that's not necessarily the case It's a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure, yet intense little '80s shock feature, which primarily benefits from a handful of brutal images and a brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small Californian city to shoot a documentary about the Jubilee Festival, but the hotel has not booked the booking. In search of a place, the trio meets the overly friendly, but suspicious museum curator Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to a secluded country house in the countryside. Successively, the girls experience that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria hide a dark and murderous secret in their home. "The Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse fusion of the horror classics "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The storyline is a series of familiar themes infamous and endlessly imitated by these two films, such as: For example twisted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, crazy inbreeding killer and a very unappetizing treatment of chickens. However, I do not consider this a negative comment as "The Unseen" is a totally unpretentious and modestly unsettling thriller that clearly never wanted to be the decade's biggest horror classic. Although the resolution of the conspiracy is pretty clear, director Steinmann tries to keep the puzzle going by keeping evil in the house "invisible," as the promised title promises. The casting decisions and acting performances are what really take this sleeper beyond mediocrity. Sydney Lassick, ever since being portrayed as an overly anxious psychiatric patient by Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest," is truly the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His persistent friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance are just what the character needs. Even Stephen Furst, who transforms from the invisible into the seen, gives as "Junior" from an incredible performance. He looks and behaves like an authentic disabled man, and his attempts to approach Jennifer in the basement are truly disturbing. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable, yet strong movie from the early 80s, which will surely appeal to fans of 70s exploitation and generally funny stuff.
