Dolph Lundgren is back! The arrest marks Dolph's first movie in nearly two years, and that follows the belated Hidden Agenda. This movie is still an improvement for Dolph over his cheap trilogy by Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this movie is far below the Hidden Agenda standard, which was better in almost every way. What this movie from Dolph's earlier excursion has in his favor is a bit cheesy fun. The movie also has a rejuvenated dolph in a high action role, and it's nice to see that Dolph does his own stunts again. <br /> <br /> The movie story is ridiculous and first-rate B-movie material. A former military man is now a teacher, and on his last day of class, during his imprisonment, he encounters Slovak villains who have taken over the school to serve as cover for a major drug trafficking. The film has no originality, but in a film of this type, you must have fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the audience will find little to enjoy. Fortunately, the filmmakers do not take the matter too seriously, and along with the action clichés you can imagine and the predictability, this movie has such a bad mood that it's a pleasant atmosphere. It's wrong to use a pretty decent budget , The budget of around 10 million was not used properly. It's all on the screen with lots of carnage and big explosions, but many shootouts lack imagination. The opening action is fine, but after that, the good moments become meager. There are some good moments. They have, for example, a car career through school corridors and at the beginning of a reasonable shooting with much destruction. The rest of the shootings are pretty mechanical, but there's a lot to see on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the cast. Hidden Agenda boasted the best cast Dolph has worked with for ages. There was a good standard of actors for a DTV movie. However, this has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the main villain has a nice cheesiness, because Alex Karsis plays it so exaggerated and without the appearance of a threat that one can laugh at sheer evil. The teens of the play are really good, but they play such clichéd characters. They all hate authority, each other and all have bad attitudes and of course they end up learning important life lessons but in general they are decent and Chris Collins in particular has a sympathy. This film is all about Dolph. While not nearly as good as possible, this movie is not the worst by far. It is also a turning point in his career. He's in good shape now and will be in better shape in his next movie, Direct Action. Dolph looks excited here, he's doing all his own stunts and it's good to see him playing the typical action man (in slow-motion explosions, running a liner and handling big guns), albeit in a movie like his Older with less flair and imagination than cliché movies like Army Of One. It's nice to see how Dolph looks stronger. In his films for the last eight years or so, Dolph looked a little more tired and used twice as much (he still does all the fighting himself), but the new streamlined Dolph seems to be for it. <br /> <br /> Overall, this can only be seen for the cheese value and Dolph in Prime Action Man mode. There is not a single surprise, but it has a ridiculously inappropriate charm. **
