This, in my opinion, is a great entertaining action movie with cool characters, lots of action and an amazing performance by Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis as a villain is terrible! The story is very good and I found the kids likable and Dolph Lundgren is amazing! The action scenes are excellent and it's almost like Die Hard, except that she plays in a school! Plus Kata Dobó is very threatening and sexy like the buddy! The finale is very exciting and there are also some cool emotional moments! But I just wish it had another bad guy because Alex Karzis just did not make it a villain to OTT and made a fool of for my taste. In my opinion, this value should be above 4.1, as I thought this was a great action movie, and although the kids were sometimes very stupid, they got pretty creative throughout the movie! And the shootouts were pretty cool too! The end is very amusing and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student! Plus Dolph still has it! This, in my opinion, is a great entertaining action movie with cool characters, lots of action and an amazing performance from Lundgren !, but Alex Karzis is awful like the bad guy, but I recommend it! The direction is very good! Sidney J. Furie is doing a great job here with great camera work, good angles and a very fast pace! There is a bit of blood and violence. We get many extremely bloody gunshot wounds, a knife in the head area, bloody arrows, a spit and other trifles. The spectacle is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is as always amazing, and here he is amazing, he is extremely personable, kicking his ass as usual, had great chemistry with the kids, had a great character, is very charismatic and he may not have shown any great emotional anger was still a lot of fun !, he is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is awful like the bad guy, he's ridiculous OTT, boring and not threatening at all, he also annoyed the crap out of me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as a side kick and did well with what she had to do. Corey Sevier is funny as Mick, he was my favorite student and I really got warm with him in the second half, I really liked him! He also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) are great with the students. Jennifer Baxter is very sweet and good as a fiancé. The rest of the cast is doing well. All in all, I highly recommend this hotel. *** 1/2 out of 5
