There has recently been a political documentary titled Why We Fight examining the notorious military industrial complex and its influence on this nation. It is considered polemical and forceful when it comes to both this complex and the war fiasco in which we are currently involved in Iraq. A much more famous series of films of the same name was filmed during the Second World War by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although considered a documentary and won Oscars in this category, this series of seven films is really Agitprop, more like Leni Reifenstal's Triumph Of The Will, whose scenes Capra recycles for his own use. This fact does not mean, however, that there is no vital information missing from subsequent generations of World War II documentaries (such as The BBC's The World At War), nor does it mean that their value as a primary source is equally low. They are skilfully made and after recently buying some used DVDs in a discount store, I had the opportunity to choose a free DVD when I bought them. I chose the four DVD collection of Goodtimes DVD from the series. <br /> <br /> Rarely has something been so valuable for free. There are no extras on the DVDs, and the sound quality of the prints varies. These films give a glimpse into American thought two-thirds of a century ago, when racism was evident (as in many classic Warner Brothers warriors) caricatures of the era), and blatant falsification of the facts was not to be faulted. The seven films produced between 1942 and 1945 are "Prelude To War", "The Nazi Strike", "Share And Conquer", "The Battle Of Britain", "The Battle Of Russia", "The Battle Of China "and" war is coming to America ". <br /> <br Overall, the film series is well worth seeing, not just for the obvious reasons, but also for the subtle things it reveals, such as using the plural for terms like X million when it comes to dollars, and not the modern singular. or the most used graphic of the whole series - a Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. However, it also demonstrates the complexity of trying to apply past standards to current wars. The First World War lesson (Avoid foreign complications) does not apply to World War II, whose own lesson (early action against dictatorships) does not apply in the three great wars that America has waged ever since: Korea, Vietnam, or Iraq. The fact that many of these series shake off the uncertainties of the time it was made only underscores its historical value today, when information is clogged. It may not help you to work out the truth of the lies and the propaganda of today, but you will at least realize that you are not the first to be in such a weak position nor will you be the last.
