Jeopardy is a tense, satiating thriller, a cut above B, but not really a big production. It's almost an experimental film, as the studio where Metro was produced was desperately looking for new films, stars and directors who could record it with the then new medium of television. Director John Sturges was an aspiring man whose best years lay ahead of him. He had just started making A-level films and had already proven himself to be a very skilled artisan. The stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were in very different stages of their careers. Stanwyck's glorious years were behind her, yet she could wear a movie, as she proves. As her husband, Barry Sullivan was one of about a dozen leading men who started making films in the 1940s and never had the success that many had hoped for. He was a good, inconspicuous actor, on the sidelines, but more in the upper middle class than in the upper class, which made him an excellent professional. As the escaped convict who is the only person nearby who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier and the tide rises), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This outstanding actor had the misfortune to have come to films after Brando and Clift. He was definitely a good actor, but lacked charisma. His negotiations with Stanwyck, which go back to his demanding sex in return for saving his husband (1953), create a fascinating premise that, if it were a different kind of film, would offer all kinds of approaches of interesting questions to Stanwycks Character. Meeker is indeed a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in her scenes with him Stanwyck is more lively than she is with her husband and son. However, since this is a phrasing image, not a Strindberg game, the possibility that Stanwyck might want a nudge - aside from the issue of her husband's predicament - remains unexplored. In that sense, the tide does not have the effect that you would have wished for, though the film has excellent acting, good location photography, almost all of the outdoor footage, and excellent directing by the extremely undervalued Mr. Mr. Sturges
