This movie was the first British teenage movie to actually deal with the reality of violent rock'n'roll society rather than being a lucid parody of 1950s teenage life. In an attempt to celebrate the work of Liverpool junior liaison officers, the opening title indicates that 92% of potential delinquents treated under this scheme have not committed a second offense. However, this is just a pretext for the following teenage years until the epilogue of the film, in which we are asked not to feel responsible or apologize for such criminals, as Stanley may always be confused. <br /> <br /> Stanley Baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes on the job of liaison officer for teenagers. This hard-boiled character is a typical Baker role. Currently on the trail of a notorious arsonist known as Firefly, who does not enjoy the distraction of the transfer. However, as in all good police drama, he is led back to his original investigation by a remarkable turnaround in his circle. His first case takes him to the home of two young children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by the true brother and sister duo), who have made a small theft. Here he meets Cathie (presented satisfactorily by Anne Heywood), her older sister, with whom he finally falls in love. It quickly becomes clear that the poor environment of such inner-city goods is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency. The older brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, is the leader of a rock'n'roll gang. Roger McCallum makes a bold turn when the Americanized jumbled boy who is more of Marlon Brando than any other British star. One remembers Brando's character Johnny from 'The Wild One', who led a leather-clad gang of rebellious bikers in the same way that 'Johnny' leads his gang in this movie. Fortunately, the preaching of previous Dearden thrillers like "The Blue Lamp" is not so obvious. Instead, we see several well-drawn characters on both sides of the law as the drama of the delinquents and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker are at the forefront. The plot, though sometimes predictable, provides some memorable scenes. The disturbing influence that rock and roll music should have had is played in a scene in which Johnny surrenders to the music and makes a threatening foray into the police sergeant. The film's most memorable piece, however, is the climactic classroom scene in which a number of frightened school children, including Mary and Patrick, are held hostage by Johnny at gunpoint. Obviously, in the light of the real massacre of Dumblaine, this scene seems all that horrible. Understandably, the film is therefore rarely aired or available to the modern public.
