I do not agree with any of the reviewers who compared this movie to American International Pictures. Basil Deardon has staged a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (without the sentimentality of "Blackboard Jungle"). The cinematography was excellent, as it really captured the eeriness and isolation of the huge settlement. The property looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was honored as a hardened detective who was assigned to the youth department - "Urgent, Urgent - Theft - Five Frozen Lollies" !!!! He thinks he is the joke of many jokes. David McCallum showed that he was one of the British up-and-coming talents of the fifties. (He had another role in another Stanley Baker movie "Hell Drivers"). His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very scary. Ann Heywood was also very good as a cynical Cathie. I would not say that it contained a romantic subplot. Detective Jack Truman is investigating a series of arson attacks by someone known as "Firefly." As he finds evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the youth department - he is quite disgusted with what he thinks is not proper police work. In the midst of all the heckling he gets his first call - the 6-year-old Murphy twins work on a scam in the local lolly stores !!! and her bitter sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life in the dreadful housing estates can turn teenagers into criminals. As he gets more involved with the family, he realizes that there is a strong bond between the fires, Johnny and a frightened Chinese teenager working for a laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, off the Hammer Terror) explained that when Johnny was younger, he had rescued some people from a burning building and been celebrated as a hero. He wanted to rediscover the sense of importance and to be useful, and he felt able to ignite fire. The siege of the school was filmed in a very real way and the audience felt the fear of the children - the teacher (who only thinks of their own safety) runs off and locks them up with the terrified shooter in the room !!!! <br /> <br I thought it was a really excellent movie that tried to highlight some of the social problems that Britain had after the war. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
