This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some great twists and wonderful performances! All the characters are great and the story is bizarre, intriguing and very interesting, and Nicole Kidman is just amazing! It's very hard to describe this movie because it's really bizarre, it's a comedy / romance. One minute, then he becomes a thriller the next moment. Still, he was still entertaining, and Nicole's Russian accent was fantastically convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had a very good chemistry and I loved the performance of Vincent Cassel! In addition, the action changes have really surprised me! The end was very sweet and it is unpredictable everywhere !, and this movie is also pretty underrated! You'll apologize for Chaplin and the way he's cheated, and I thought all the characters are really likable, and the finale is especially good. However, this is Nicole's movie, and she wears it with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some great twists and wonderful performances! I recommend this a lot! The direction is very good! Jez Butterworth is doing a very good job here, with great camera work, great angles and a fast pace! The spectacle is wonderful! Nicole Kidman is awesome! And amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very personable, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and had a very mysterious character! She was amazing. (Kidman rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, he is very personable, had a cool character and had a very good chemistry with Kidman. The only thing I did not like was that he let out his anger about Kidman, even though what she did was wrong. I loved how he got revenge in the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and sometimes very scary, that role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is okay but did not have much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. All in all, I highly recommend this hotel. *** 1/2 out of 5
