I would highly recommend this movie! And I will certainly recommend it personally to my friends and family here and abroad! With great anticipation I have pre-ordered it online, I liked it so much! It is not out before February / March 2008, but it's well worth the wait! But go to the movies first, if you can. There is nothing better than the cinema experience of a movie! Insist that your local cinema attracts you! I saw 'Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinacle' here in London this evening and was really impressed. It's a miracle: a really beautiful movie in the Scottish Highlands: you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll be moved in different ways, you'll be intrigued, and when the story is revealed in the stories, you'll be astonished about it this revelation. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let that distract you if you are not a Gaelic spokesman: I'm just starting and not my son and many people have tonight not stood there, and it did not spoil it in any way! Superlatives are not enough! The photography is great - there is no CGI and the movie is even better - here you have real photography! The script is so clever and subtly written. The multi-layered plot spins the magical art of antique storytellers. The music is sometimes rousing, sometimes haunting, but always adds to the atmospheric atmosphere. And the acting? ... it can be seen ... and the actors ... ... they are the true weavers of this delightful, but profound film, especially the two main characters "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" (A real bard, if there was one at all!), Who carried both a very heavy load! And the direction? All right, Richard! And the producer responsible for raising funds, hiring key personnel and organizing distributors? A task well done! I hope you will see to it that distribution goes to our foreign communities! And the Gaelic community? Uill, without you it could not have happened! We were told that this movie was made on a low budget, but you would not know, and I think it could be that what they lack of money more than made up for it with the wealth of the heart and the Warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> A big thank you to everyone involved in the production and sponsorship of 'Seachd' - Mòran taing! (Thank you!) From the gels to the world! From the world to the gaels!
