An incredible documentary has captured all the chaos and misery that raged over New York on this fateful September 11th. 9/11 is an intense, personal and absolutely mesmerizing report, perhaps the biggest documentary ever created by chance, which makes it even more appealing. Until this morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet followed a New York firefighter team and specifically focused on a new recruit in a small piece they shot with the tough training to become a firefighter. When the team did a simple routine cleaning job that morning, Jules lifted his camera into the sky just in time to shoot one of the only known images of the first plane to hit the World Trade Center, and from there, a simple documentary was not more. <br /> <br /> The spectators will be told first-hand what it was like to be in and around Ground Zero while the amazing group of firefighters and a deeply confused cameraman are trying to overcome this catastrophe. Without hesitation, Naudet follows this automatically programmed hero into the tower, all the support crumbling around her. The raw fear of an unknown, imminent downfall lurks with more viability than any fictional production, as we hear less and less and become less audible and visible to the prisoners. Something equally memorable is the honest brother Gideon, who has conquered a whole city in the crowd of a greater and more tangible fear than anything they had experienced together. When the second tower collapses and the cameraman shields himself from apocalyptic rubble, we should rinse off the dirt from the amazingly close footage that was recorded naturally. Filmmakers deserve just as much appreciation as being in the right place at the right time to be such extraordinary event, although the two brothers can only be admired in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; In a few desperate minutes, we witness the firefighters who are documenting them - only instead of saving lives that they knew they needed to store, even if it cost them their own security. <br /> <br /> After viewing 9/11 And since it came out in 2002, I feel a lot more resentment against Oliver Stone's recently submitted version, the World Trade Center on a large budget. Many had criticized the film for having been unaware of the focus on the two survivors trapped in ruins, and although I enjoyed the film because of the small and sentimental Hollywood focus it brought with it, 9/11 made its mark Film completely superfluous. In addition to being the definitive collection of the day, this sublime transfer of motifs will ensure that this documentary has the heart and character to never re-sensitize the event.
