To summarize this documentation in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber of your body tells you that this does not happen from the first montage of rapid fire images until the last stop of the cleanup at Ground Zero, but every frame is real. The story was written by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") want to make a documentary about New York City Firefighters, who starts with a "Newbie" from the Academy and through the nine-month probationary to fledgling firefighter. Searching for her close friend, actor James Hanlon, 36, an actor and firefighter at Station 1, Engine 7, the Naudets scour the "Probies" at the academy and find one, Tony Benetakos, who focuses on the main part of her Documentation focused on. <br /> <br /> Tony is joking and slowly learning about the specifics of ward life through the members of this close-knit family. Firefighters have a superstition about "probies". These are either "white clouds" or "black clouds", which means that all kinds of fires in the latter follow the "probie". The former means that very little fire activity follows, but one day it will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "white cloud". After initial growing pains, Tony settles in the fire station as if he is an experienced veterinarian. Then the unthinkable happens ... September 11, 2001 begins with a bright blue sky and an early morning phone call to look for a supposed gas leak near Wall Street. Since Jules still has little experience with the camera, Gideon hands a camera to his younger brother and asks him to drive with the chieftain, T. K. Pfeiffer. At 8:42 am, firefighters arrive to use their gas detectors over a grid. Then the sudden roar of a seemingly flying plane passes the scene, and as Jules swings upward, we see the first blow of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 hits the North Tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men to get into the fire engine and they go to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the Chief into the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full effect of the growing catastrophe is shown on the faces of men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire station and go to the impact area. Once there, he captured the impact of the second aircraft, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows Jules is in the towers with Chief Pfeiffer. Gideon observes the reactions of the crowds to the unimaginable and begins to capture the growing anxiety in Lower Manhattan on tape. In the first tower, Jules records the last view of the world, or the relatives will have their sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, friends, friends as one after the other, every firefighter carrying 60 kg of equipment starts the long one , laborious climb up to 80 stories to rescue the injured and the prisoners. Jules also learns the last look Chief Pfeiffer will have from his brother Kevin as he leaves to fulfill his selfless duty. On video is also the damned sound of falling bodies hit by the victims on the sidewalk, who have decided to jump out of the higher floors above the impact zones before being killed by flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, he never catches a sensational moment ... the money shot. His work is professional because of his baptism of fire. He also sees the sight of debris falling from Tower Two after being hit by the second machine and in an orderly manner as the firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is advised in the collapse of the South Tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, the chaplain of the fire department. As Jules and Chief Pfeiffer come down from the aftermath of the collapse of Tower Two, Tower One begins the structural collapse. <br /> <br /> The result is a breathtaking, poignant view from Ground Zero, while Jules and Gideon document this day separately. Not knowing if one lives, everyone fears the worst. As each firefighter arrives at the fire station, they greet each other with joyous hugs over their return. In an instant of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon are reunited. While Jules screams at his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother, while Hanlon focuses on the filmmakers. There is a dreadful moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former boss, was probably lost but back in the area, this "probie" has proved itself. <br /> <br /> Shown With just three breaks, 9/11 is an amazing documentary feature. It is there with the Hindenburg films that show the evolution of history. The Naudets are recommended for their skillful handling of the topic. Lesser hands would tend to be a sensation, but the Naudets focus on dignity and compassion. Told by Hanlon, we get a sense of his words as he leads the audience through the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro moderates the program in a bleak, restrained manner. He never looks for the camera to his own fame, but sets out the scenes that you are about to see. I also recommend CBS for their courage in broadcasting this special. They were punished for their attempts to obtain ratings, and stifled their attitudes toward the relatives' loved ones. This is a must for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is. It's not about dribbling a basketball or selling an album of hare texts ... 9/11 is about the finest in humanity. Heroism at its finest and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
