It is true that you always remember what you have just done when disaster or tragedy arrives. And not September 11, 2001, a date that has changed the entire global landscape in the fight against terrorism. No, this documentary did not want to talk about the events that led to 9 / 11. The filmmakers, brothers Gédéon and Jules Naudet, rather began to make a documentary about the problems and tribulations of a New York-based New York firefighter. They had gone to the Academy and trained a few shoots. They had hand-picked their "proby" (probation officer) to join them in a New York fire station, the home of Ladder 1 and Engine 7 time, believed to be the only setting of the first plane to enter the World Trace Center crashed. <br /> <br /> I returned with a friend on the train from a night of LAN games and got about a call at 850 o'clock local time from my dad who told me about it. A few minutes later, he told me that there is another and that the WTC is being attacked. When I got home, the upper floors of the Twin Towers were in flames and smoke, and to my horror they collapsed under an hour. The filmmakers ran two cameras that day, one that routinely tracked a team and that went straight to the WTC when he heard the plane and saw it collapse. We track what is possible the only filmed sequence of events in the lobby of the WTC1 where firefighters, paramedics and police first responders understand what happened and quickly develop an action plan. The other brother's other camera headed to the WTC to search for his siblings, and took in the many expressions of New Yorkers and the chaos in and around Manhattan during the trip. > <br /> Throughout the documentary, there are numerous interviews with the men of Ladder 1 and Engine 7 who miraculously did not have an accident. However, being a survivor also brought with it psychological turmoil of their own, having difficulty coping with the event. The events that unfold, we learn of the strong camaraderie among these men who put every day at work their lives and limb on the line to save lives. <br /> <br /> We started with what the documentary should be before. The events of the day moved completely into focus and became the lifeline to the hope of finding survivors under the rubble of the men working around the clock, kept alive to understand the collapsed steel structures. It's not a film being fabricated, and what you see here can not be replicated in any other documentary (and in the sky, not in Hollywood blockbuster sound stages). It's as close as possible to this day, if you witness the event up close, for safety reasons. <br /> <br /> Code 1 DVD includes an additional extra hour of 4 sets of interviews with the Ladder 1 and Engine 7 men.
