Super smooth conversation with a great cast, a great script and a solid feel for the upcoming fifties. At that time, RKO launched dozens of classic noirs. Whatever the value of these dark shadows, they reflected a warlike mood to soon give way to the sunniest sounds of the Eisenhower era. Few films of the late '40s are farther from this Noir cycle or more attuned to the upcoming consumer decade than this cheeky little comedy. Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an advertising specialist at Madison Ave. , In the words of his little daughter he sells things to people they do not need, at prices they can not afford. He makes good money, but like thousands of others, he is fed up with living in a narrow urban "cave". Together with Ms. Myrnah Loy, she's on strike for her dream home in the wilderness of the Connecticut countryside. Needless to say, they get more in the arms of nature than they expected, in a funny way. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a lifeless line in the entire script. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have it. Of course, the humor is about all the problems that occur when townspeople build a big house in the countryside. The harassment pile up almost as fast as the mortgage, with all the eccentric types going through the building and Grant making life difficult. Of course, no one brings anger or frustration with more humor than Grant. Therefore, it is just a well-placed laugh after another, especially when the locked wardrobe seems to have its own hellish spirit. Strangely enough, the film does not seem to have a comedic climax. Instead, the laughs are so skillful that they do not peak at any particular point. This is a real movie triumph for every era. <br /> <br /> When we come back 60 years later, we can see how skilfully the script ideas look to the future and not afterwards. Although the Blandings are not just a typical American family, the postwar migration from narrow cities to sprawling suburbs was typical. And what a more exciting work for the coming consumerism than Blanding's as an "ad-man," who has the task of finding more accessible ways to sell more "hams." Above all, there is the sunny optimism of the film. Oh, the feeling sometimes varies, but the belief that there's a better future on the horizon when the blandings stick to their dream carries it out. In fact, life would improve for many people during the coming rise. I assume that the film was well received by the viewers of the day. It is this easily overlooked subtext, along with the sheer entertainment value that makes this movie an important post-war comedy statement. <br /> <br /> If you have not seen him, you should catch him next time.
