With the onset of the baby boom, the years following the Second World War witnessed an unprecedented exodus of Americans moving from their townhouses to the suburbs, where they can fulfill their dream of having their own home. Directed by H.C. This light-weight but surprisingly alert 1948 screwball comedy co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas") captures the feeling of that time very well. Of course it helps to have a trio of experienced farceurs? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and a particularly hot Melvyn Douglas ?? Head of the proceedings with their natural sympathy, in contradiction to the escalating frustrations of home ownership. Although the film is now sixty years old, the Blandings' dream and the obstacles they face have a timeless quality. Obviously, Hollywood thinks it has been rewritten at least twice - first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, 1986 "The Money Pit" and last year again with Ice Cube "Are We Done Yet?". A look at HGTV's program schedule will show you how the situations explored here resonate even today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with Jim Blanding's advertising man, his wife Muriel and their two daughters, who have constricted themselves into a two-bedroom bath and a tub Manhattan apartment. Instead of following Muriel's idea to renovate the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photo of a Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes that they need to move here. With the help of an opportunistic estate agent and against the advice of their lawyer and family friend Bill Cole, the Blandings opt for the purchase of a dilapidated home in desperate need of repair. However, the foundation sank so much that the house must be demolished in favor of a new one. This causes the Blandings to persuade the architect to design a home so that the second floor is twice the size of the first one. With every new complication, costs increase, the mood is stormy, and even a romantic triangle is introduced under Jim, Muriel, and Bill. Priorities finally clear up, but not some funny slapstick scenes and clever dialogues that influence the not-so-blissful ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> <br /> Grant is infallible with double takes and flawless line delivery This kind of farce and Jim Blandings embodies his more domesticated characters in the career. In a role originally designed for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect woman in Hollywood. She does not get many of the funny lines, but she combines her special blend of flyiness and smoothness to make Muriel an appealing character. Watch her skilfully maneuvering the extremely pleasant painter with her absurd idiosyncratic color palette. As avuncular pipe smoker ("Cole? Bill Cole") Melvyn Douglas shows his natural, uncomplicated élan as Grants foil. Smaller roles are filled with particularly memorable phrases from Harry Shannon as laconic fountain predator Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's assistant Mary and Louise Beavers as the lovable maid Gussie the Blandings. The 2004 DVD features an interesting vintage footage, including two of the film's radios - the first version from 1949 that brought Grant and Dunne together, and a second version from 1950, Grant's then wife, actress Betsy Drake, bandaged. The most suitable cartoon from 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", also contains a funny tour through a futuristic dream house. The original cinema trailers for ten classic movies by Grant complete the offer.
