The Keko Mask (1993) by the Japanese Tomo Akiyama is an extremely entertaining trash movie and fun to watch! There are also a few sequels, but I have not seen them, as these films are extremely rare. A kind of re-release one day would be nice, as I think a lot of garbage lovers would like those movies. The Tongue Tongue Story is about an extremely rigorous school where teachers think it is okay to torture students to gain discipline, which, according to teachers, is the most important thing in education. The school is made by an incredibly funny-looking (just look at the costume!) Human Wizard / whatever, who is like the Headmaster, and it only adds that it is never explained why he wears such a costume , since all other teachers are normally dressed normally. Well, the most important thing about the movie is the name, Keko Mask, a beautiful and masked fairy who always comes to rescue the girls and students who are being abused and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this superheroine is an effective woman in fighting the evil teachers with a totally cheesy soundtrack in the background. The most important thing, of course, is that she wears nothing more than a cape and a mask while the rest of her body is naked! Their identities are never revealed in these films, and the contributors also say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of the actors are listed. <br /> <br /> The weirdest thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills their enemies. She has a beautiful but deadly vagina! Yes, you've read that correctly. She kills her victims by blowing them up in front of them, spreading her legs and stupefying the enemies. Then she flies closer and grabs her legs with her legs! The most common last line the characters in this movie say is "I've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace". This movie is absolutely fantastic! <br /> <br /> There are also some big entanglements with regard to Japanese society, for example their attitude towards sex in movies (Japanese censors obfuscate / blur all pubic hair in every movie) and some limitations among students (like Girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this movie, etc.) There's a great scene where a nerd girl sees for the first time without knowing what you know and says, "Hey, there's no fog there!" I could not help but laugh during this scene as I thought about what the Japanese censors think about it. In addition, a character at the end says that he will come back if Japan Films allows the sequel. I'm glad it's allowed, as I've heard, that the sequels are just as outrageous. A sequel should include Blues Brothers (yes, THESE Blues Brothers!). <br /> <br /> This is Trash in its most pleasant, funniest and smartest way, so these films are a bit hard to find. This would definitely be an even bigger experience, if sometimes it would be a bit faster as it gets boring at one point, but fortunately there are only a few segments. This movie has to be seen to be truly believed, as there are so many trash elements that I will not mention here, and it would not even be necessary to tell them all here. If you like trash movies and movies made cheek by tongue, you will love this little gem like me, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Maybe the only movie in which a shiny vagina is so deadly?
