I borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating because I wanted to see how the crew managed to animate the presence of multiple worlds. In fact, they did not do it - at least it seems so. Part of the cameo, which is pretty awkwardly incorporated into the movie - that's it, that's what the majority of viewers mean. However, the surprise comes at the end and unfortunately, when probably most of the viewers have already set this movie. I was also amazed to see that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means "Journey to Death". This is THE spoiler. <br /> <br /> That this film is about a young girl who goes on this boat alone (for completely unclear reasons), you understand only in the last 5 minutes. When you start the film with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the cameo of strange characters is the "ghosts". But in reality, this movie is not like most other horror films told from the far-off perspective of writers and observers, who can almost always distinguish between different levels of reality, it is told from the perspective of the young girl. We do not see her alone, but with her four friends because she sees them. We do not see that she is alone. So the parallel worlds are not the cameo-flickering cameo appearances, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is and the world in which the four friends are. An intervention in a third world is probably the young man with the medical knowledge who comes for a short time on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can not shake the deep conviction that with this film, the filmmakers "cheated" an audience of several thousand people by letting them believe that what they have done is more or less one Second year film student worked out with hastily "chosen" pseudo-actors who met in a movie the night before the shoot to unload at least twelve beers. How wrong can you be! But in addition to this big surprise, which is only experienced in the last few minutes, the end that follows is surprising. The girl is rescued by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovers from her shock, she returns to the harbor, where she and the four friends boarded the boat. And there they are again! She waves her from the boat that has already landed. She jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are gone. Wonderfully beautiful. It reminds me a bit of the end of a rhetoric writer's poem: When I awoke, I saw death standing by my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened it again, he was gone.
