In the voice that the movie begins with, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie for the big band Strange Fruit from the 70s, said that the reason why lightning at a rock festival led to stopping Strange Fruit's set was that God was fed up with the 70s abundance. In fact, it is popular to crush this era of music and see punk as a welcome antidote to it. I agree that the excess was tiring (as well as the misogynistic impulses that resulted from it), and like punk I'm still a fan of classic rock or glam rock and this movie about Strange Fruits' long, strange reunion is a tender tribute to these days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons why the movie works is taking care of the people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed, WHAT IS THE LOVE WITH THIS, Tina Turner (while I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was processed very well), the writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais jointly wrote THE COMMITMENTS The music-oriented British TV program OVER THE RAINBOW and the songs that Strange Fruit played were co-written with alien Mick Jones (not to be confused with The Clashs Mick Jones). So it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about. Two cast members are also musicians (Bill Nye, of whom I have no idea even though the film attributes his own vocals to him), and he definitely looks like a singer from that time while Jimmy Nail was in another British television show who was music-oriented, even though I forgot the name and he was in EVITA), and convince the others. And while, as I said, many 70s bands like Strange Fruit behaved badly towards women, the movie does not make the same mistake (except for the woman who follows Timothy Spall nearby); As the leader of the reunion, Juliet Aubrey is pretty good and plays a plump character. <br /> <br /> The other actors are all good, with special praise to Stephen Rea, who copes well with the more dramatic role without sentimentality. There are a few points of action that do not work, but overall that's fun. Oh yes, and the music is good too.
