The funky but strictly second-rate British glam rock band Strange Fruit breaks out at the end of the wild 'n'wacky torn-up 70s. The individual band members go their separate ways and settle in the boring and uneventful 90s uncomfortable in a weak middle age: The grumpy keyboarder Stephen Rea works broke and down on his luck, futile, neurotic, presumptuous singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails Paranoid drummer Timothy Spall has a brilliant solo career in the dark on a remote farm, so he can avoid paying back a hefty tax bill, and grumpy bassist Jimmy Nail installs rooftops for a living. The former, affectionate groupie became patient, understanding, longtime manager Juliet Aubrey brings the group back together for a poorly advised, largely inefficient and hilariously catastrophic, twenty year later nostalgic reunion tour of Europe. Our lovingly ragged bunch tries playfully but flickering to rekindle a flame that used to burn brightly. The crazy roadie Billy Connelly and the brave, eager Beaver, the young guitarist Hans Matheson, meet for the wonderfully bumpy, unpleasant, but rewarding and enjoyable ride. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows tremendously contagious respect and adoration for his gracious, crazy characters in particular and the loud, ringing, flamboyant puffed, cute 70's rock in general, that one of those lovley little Pip's with an utter add a captivating sense of generous charm and tireless enthusiasm. The astute, spicy script written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is also brimming with dry wit and fine-looking joyful moments on the street capturing a certain bittersweet, often restless vibe that gives the picture itself an irresistibly glowing glow. Ashley Rowe's beautiful, elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks visually lush, while the perfectly catchy and groovy music with quite rocking flair and sovereignty does the trick. Kudos also to the thoroughly grandiose performances that shatter the burnt-out soul and the tattered but still fierce beating heart of a past, whose top-notch ragtag rock outfit is desperately trying to recapture its former perishable fame in a recent bid to win big success. All in all, this radiant and touching gemstone is one of the true seriomic sleeping pleasures of the 90s.
