It might be a little bit wrong to open a review describing a movie in relation to other films, but I think it's the best way to get closer to the place Election is in the gangster arena. It works somewhere between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku's Yakuza opus The Yakuza Papers (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity). But it is also a film by Johnnie To, and as such it bears the unmistakable mark of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time, one of the candidates is not too happy with the result, which is why he decides to take the matter very much to the horror of the remaining triads and the police. That's the story in a nutshell, but rest assured that it has much more to offer. As in the Yakuza papers, there is a lot of planning, back-stabbing, and making and changing followers (sometimes, one call is enough - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen lately), which may not necessarily be a deep one Drama, but makes for an interesting conspiracy and a good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate this. Elections are not as action-oriented as one might expect; although it is violent. I'm not talking about the shiny, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. That is dark and gloomy. Tos's camera dwells in scenes in which people are brutally brutalized, showing both the humanity and the inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims; After all, violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with Tos style, you should know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is great, smooth and dark to the same extent and uses dark shades (brown, dark green and orange), while the gentle tracking shots give a vivid quality. In the end, the election takes a special place. It's not exactly a character study and action-oriented gangster movie. It explores a situation (the choice and its consequences), but does so stylistically and is both realistic and romanticized (the Triad ceremonies in particular reflect an oriental godfather).
