It is undeniable that Hak Se Wui (Choice in English) is a well-made and thought-out film. The film uses many clever identification pieces that play with modernity while maintaining the tradition. A theme that was played throughout the movie. Where John Woo's Hong Kong films are action-packed and exaggerated in their explosive content, as seen in Hard Boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong films are in the rhythm of narrating the "bad" story "viewpoint can sometimes stutter and simple just becoming incredible, a good example of this is City on Fire (1987). " Wahl is a film that is memorable due to the sheer fact of its unpredictable scenes. spontaneous acts and violence that are done in a realistic and tasteful way (if that's the right word) as well as the clever little "to pieces" of filmmaking. It's hard to see, but the choice is really built in a kind of three-act structure: it gives the first cause for concern about the actual election, and who is elected is elected? Not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say goes. The second act is the recapture of the old baton from China, which tradition requires, during initiation must be present with the last third after the inauguration, and certain characters come with their own ideas as to how the Triads should and can run. Needless to say; Certain events and phrases occur in each of the three-thirds, some are small and insignificant, while others are much larger and more spectacular. Elections have some mistakes, with the majority in the opening third. Trying to end the period with an election that takes only a few minutes was obviously a difficult task for the authors and filmmakers, and this is evident in many places. I felt that a particular scene was just beginning before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone is arrested. This happens a few times: In a restaurant, a fight breaks out, but the police are there and all are arrested. There is a secret meeting on the baton between the triads, but the police appear and all are arrested. Some other triads hold a pre-election conversation, but the police show up and you know what? You know. <br /> <br /> As soon as the movie comes out of this rutting, I thought, he would use a sacred staff as an action device to get everyone moving. The baton produces some good fighting scenes, such as tracking a lorry after the Hotwired, another chase with a motorcycle, and a kung fu fight with a lot of melee weapons in a street. The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are "tasteful". Where the choice really goes up, their attention is on the fine detail. When the triads are in jail, the bars are covered with wire, suggesting that they are all caged animals because of conflict on the outside. Another fine piece of attention to detail is the way the Uncles brew tea rather than alcohol, rising above other gangsters who use champagne (The Long Good Friday), and also to the Chinese tradition of tea drinking Celebration or commemoration refers. <br /> Election is a good film that is structured well enough to enjoy, and a movie that has a fantastic staging when you look at what's going on. Some of the interiors and clothing, as well as the style pails, which are piled up in the search and tracking of the relay stick. The inauguration is like another short film that is fully integrated into the movie. It refers to the Chinese tradition. I think the best scene is the final scene, which perfectly sums up: two seedy characters who fish and discuss the rules of the Triads while remaining realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a tasteful way, of course.
