When I think of the kindest guilty amusement movies, I think first of the 80s-Slasher movies. Really bad slasher flicks. The formula-like film, where everything a script needed consisted of 2 pieces of blood and several pieces of nudity to be made. <br /> <br /> Flash forward to the late 90's / early 00's. The Slasher movie was revived with the 1996 hit "Scream". As in the 1980s, these films were formulaic and masked a lack of inspiration, calling themselves the "slash-and-tongue-in-cheek parodies" of the original Slasher flicks. From this new mix of "Hip-Parody-Neo-Slasher-Flicks" is the only "worth watching" the low budget direct video cut "Cut". <br /> <br /> Like most other "new" Slasher flicks, "Cut" relies on the production of a Slasher flick, in this case a 1985 fictional movie "Hot Blooded", to add to the genre Leave a Comment. "Hot Blooded" never stopped production because someone was killed wearing the mask of the film's murderer, Scarman, a bald figure whose mouth is tight and stitched together with dark, pupil-less eyes. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students whose professor was involved in the production decided to go into the vaults, type in the original surviving actress and finish the film. Each time the movie is shown or a scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and someone dies. To quote the slogan, will you finish the movie before it's done? <br /> <br /> This all sounds very bad and is to some degree (really, is there such a thing as a good Slasher movie?). There is no character development (the "new" director is apparently the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life was apparently ruined after the cessation of production). This would have been a perfect detail to incorporate into the plot, but it will never be mentioned again) and like all other Slasher movies, there are just too many bodies that are interested. The actors are not even great, even though they are direct video standards, but most enjoy their characters (and for those who are not, it's an unwanted character actress, as none of their characters in the movie wanted to collaborate "Hot Blooded"), especially who was lucky enough to play Scarman. Cut's climax has no big "who knows" unmasking the killer as in the "Scream" movies. It does not have the gimmick murders of the "Urban Legend" movies. What it has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a "transformed ending". But that is a matter of course. <br /> <br /> At reasonable viewing standards, this is a horrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" makes it one of its roots in the Slasher genre, and this makes it more enjoyable than any other Neo-Slasher movie ,
