Twelve years ago, the Slasher strip "Hot Blooded" was discontinued, as almost everyone on the set began to die. Now, some film students have decided to end the film, although rumor has it that the film is cursed. Well, they'll find out right away that there are some curses. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, every country, including Australia, seemed to want to benefit from its success. The concept that was made to death today (a Slasher movie within a Slasher movie) was relatively cool and original at the time. This movie was released shortly before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not in the US, but in Australia). It felt like the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were tired of the concept, and since the movie was not even good, the film fluttered catastrophically. Well, Cut is not the best Slasher movie ever, and he does not try it either. It knows it's a rip-off, and they even throw a girl who looks like a blond version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story, they've decided to demolish some 80s Slasher movies like "Nightmare on Elm Street". The killer is very scary and this mask is just a murderer! And instead of trying to scare the audience to death, they've created a very good and scary atmosphere that keeps us in suspense through most of the movie. However, there are a few storylines in the film that I could not completely ignore. The end is the biggest storyline in the movie. Spoiler ahead; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where the hell did they find the trigger they show in the last scene? It does not make sense, I'll tell you. End of the spoiler. All in all, Cut is a pretty creepy Slasher movie with a stupid story, but I think this is one of the better screaming rip-offs that has never grown up. I'm surprised this movie never got a sequel, but I think it just came out too late. <br /> <br /> Exciting Australian slasher strip with very few frights. Cut is still a nice Slasher movie, and I have to recommend this movie, though I think the story is pretty stupid because it's completely ridiculous.
