As with all Angelopoulos films, "The Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly requires a close and intimate involvement of the viewer, which has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are frugal, without monologues or exchanges that express the inner conflicts, doubts or feelings of the characters. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional responses, forcing them to explore and investigate the identity of the characters for themselves. Consequently, action is unobtrusive and implicit, as opposed to open and explicit. The action scenes are placed between long contemplation intervals in which the viewer is invited to participate as an actor participant by testing his own psyche. As in a novel in which the drama is based entirely on the author's writing to create a template in which the reader's imagination and / or experience thrives, Angelopoulos' drama rests in his pictures: his use of the long shots, the long beats, the leisurely step by step, the sparing dialogues that have become his trademark invite the viewer to experience the film from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity and to use the non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds, and music, when he believes that words can only bring us so far. <br /> <br /> The music, Angelopoulos' longtime collaborator Eleni Karaindrou, offers more than just a discreet background, but she herself becomes a dramatic element in the story. A large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle, subdued colors, taken in a dull winter light. Angelopoulos introduces us to "another Greece", one that differs from Greece's tourist brochures, with ethereal skies and emerald-green seas sunk in eternal sunshine. Here the sky is overcast and gray, the air is cold and foggy and the sand of the pristine beaches has been replaced by the trampled, dirty snow of the village streets. Angelopoulos' genius through the camera of Arvanitis can be seen throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The Suspended Step of the Stork" is above all a political statement that ultimately aims at the socio-political situation in the Balkans of the twentieth century. It is deeply concerned about the importance of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion between nations. In the "waiting room" opposite the Albanian border wait political or other refugees, who are driven away by the rest of humanity. They may be on a political frontier, but unfortunately they still carry deeper ancestral borders: languages, customs, and races. Although the political views of Angelopoulos are known, the film avoids any political discourse on the causes of the refugees' plight. Angelopoulos forces us to think about terms of geographic, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of the Greek century of the 20th century, and he likes to introduce lessons from Hellenic myths into his discussions. In this film, he performs some border crossings between Greek and Italian culture, drawing on a combined Homeric and Danteke tradition of Odysseus' travels. Alexander is a Telemachus looking for a story about an aging Greek politician / Ulysses who has disappeared and is never heard of again. This political man, a brilliant orator, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife, and his brilliant career to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the poor. He became a poet in exile and wondered how he could change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" faces Alexander like a father figure / Odysseus. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course it would be wrong to try to see in the film a retelling of Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos takes up Odysseus' travels only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. In Angelopoulos' end, "Odysseus" more closely resembles the Odysseus of Dante: he does not go to Ithaca, but continues to "carry a suitcase". And Alexander / Telemachos is "suspended" between returning to his homeland and his career or a trip to "elsewhere". He says this in a voice at the beginning of the film and paraphrases a few lines of Dante's "Inferno": "And do not forget that the time has come for a trip, the wind blows your eyes far away." <br /> < Although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, the film introduces a Greek Orthodox religious theme in the form of the yellow-dressed linesmen who seek to bring about improvements for their fellow human beings and also the Christ-like figure of the "politician." In the final scene, these yellow men once again demonstrate the influence of Byzantine iconography in Angelopoulos' work. They appear as "stylites", religious figures from the orthodox tradition, lonely and passionate men, who were on an abutment in the form of asceticism. The film ends without a resolution regarding the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no clues, and the woman's statement, "It's not him," is anything but convincing and ambiguous enough. The important question of the film is not whether he is the missing politician or not, but that he could be the politician. The movie is still optimistic. While the wires running from pole to pole are just along the river and communication across the border is still not possible, and this remains impenetrable, we find that this last scene is taken from the perspective of the river: the Camera has this across the border, and the reverse camera motion challenges Alexander and the viewer to follow beyond the border. That's why Angelopoulos gives us the hope that some borders will eventually collapse.
