In the late forties, the era of screwball comedy was over as movies moved in a different direction, comedic and different. With television looming on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be having a very hard time. Where, one wonders, would movies have gone if the television had not come along or the arrival at the scene would have been delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his dream house in a certain way in which the comedy could have developed. Jim Blandings, an advertising specialist, lives with his wife and two daughters in a nice but too tight apartment in New York City. One day when he gets the bright idea that it might be fun to realize his dream of building a house in New York City to realize the suburbs. So he buys a property in Connecticut and has built one according to his ideas. Almost. Had he known that he had trouble, he would have changed his mind. Then he could not have it anymore. You decide. From this fragile premise results a wonderful film, full of conflicts between the dream of the middle class owning a home, and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring one. Nothing is easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns. but you do not have to be unhappy just because things do not always go after each other. After all, there is the long way. But, Blandings wonders every few minutes how long it takes? <br /> <br /> This movie is a pleasure. I believe it is not a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a worthy successor to the thirties and could have been a harbinger of future events if the arrival of television has not radically changed the cultural landscape. There is real warmth in the picture and a lot of (W.C.) Fieldsian's hard-hitting reality that periodically bothers, but not so much that it leaves a bad taste. The people in the film are all very clever and wealthy, but decidedly by the professional upper middle class, not the idle rich upper class. Leading players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play Mr. and Mrs. Blandings to perfection; while Melvyn Douglas is a prudish friend of the lawyer who often has to address unpleasant topics, such as the real world. There is also a wonderful sense of what, for a better term, could be called the romance of the suburbs, which was still in its infancy in the post-war years, seeing the forests and rivers that draw people into the country. These people are definitely fish from the water in the then largely rural Connecticut. In a few years, that would change, for the mad rush to the suburbs would be in full swing forever destroying the pastoral innocence many had longed for in the small towns that were soon dotted with motorways of bottles and cans. Their outflow competes with everything one would find in the city.
