"In the world of old kung fu movies, in which revenge pictures came a dozen, it took a long time for a movie to stand out - and more, to make it a fan fan after all these years. What's to say Chang Cheh's best movie still has influence on the Hong Kong film industry, on the themes of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge, John Woo (who started out in the film industry of HK while working for Chang) explored during the heyday of heroic bloodshed In the late '80s, there were more modern films like A Man Called Hero, which have a figure in a costume inspired by this movie, and the impact has also had an impact on other areas, such as music and music. Tang Clan, TV commercials for sprite and video games like "Mortal Kombat." What makes this movie so special? The plot - on the surface - is quite simple, dealing with members of a rogue group known as the "Poison Clan" lan have extraordinary kung fu skills characterized by their animal styles or "poisons" (the lizard can climb walls, the scorpion has a fatal blow, etc.). The joke is that the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. So a simple act is almost an exciting thriller. We're not talking about the usual suspects here, but it's way beyond many other kung fu movies of the time. Presumably, Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's screenplay - as most of his films found it too dark and violent - and actually wanted him to add a broad comic relief. Fortunately, Chang's original screenplay, which has since been revered as one of the finest films of his time, has, if not ever, completed an almost perfect dramatic arc, and the perfect backbone for the extraordinary is creating action sequences. <br /> <br /> However, what really makes the film so solid is the poisons themselves. Chang Cheh came up with a magical formula with the cast - not only did he gain talented martial artists (whose moves competed without wire or other special effects and most modern ones Martial artists shamed), but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more poisons in his later films. In most old school movies, the actors seem to play cardboard cutouts, but here they do create characters. It seems everyone has a favorite poison (my name is Philip Kwok - best known as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled - as Lizard), and it's this personal connection to the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms generates that makes it one makes a true classic of the genre. Even if you're not usually a fan of old-school movies, check out The Five Deadly Venoms, if not to see where modern movies have come from. "
