Of all kung fu films made in the 70s and 80s, this has developed a true cult following. With the exception of all films in which Bruce Lee played, this film has proven its worth through its unique history. An aging kung fu master tells his last disciple Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has trained in the past. All five wore masks, and no one saw each other's faces, and everyone was trained differently. Their specialty in Kung Fu is the name they have adopted, such as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. Master called her the poison clan and he does not know what happened to them. He wants Tieh to find them and help those who do good to stop those who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the poison clan has a card where he has hidden a lot of money and he seems to be a target. Tieh does not know what they look like, so he has to interfere with society and try to find out who they are. Tieh has discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei). Together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), the centipede, they kill a family to find the map. A card is found by a mysterious man who turns out to be a scorpion but knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders along with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo), who is the toad, and they know their identity. The snake bribes local officials to nail down the murders of Li Ho, and while in prison, he is tortured and killed. When Sin learns that he has teamed with Tieh, they go together against Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a special director when it came to these films. Chang was not your miller kung-fu director's run and his films always had a special quality. While most martial arts films are about revenge, Chang has not used that as a central theme. Although revenge takes place later in this story, this film is more complex. Five men were trained by the same master in different ways and wore masks. Then they are all in the same area and do not know who the other person is. A very unique story makes this movie different from everyone else, and most Chang's stories are in a class of their own. I would not put it exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a worldwide icon and the martial arts he showed looked more authentic. This movie still has some impossible accomplishments, like clinging to the walls and all the passing through the air, but this movie is not necessarily about fight scenes. It's more about the intrigues of the story and the characters involved. That's different from all the other kung fu movies. Very well done with a unique story.
