This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies of all time and possibly one of the best movies ever ... It has a great storyline that works like a puzzle and offers lots of intrigue and excitement. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions that hide people's identity and nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe a lot more than your average kung fu movie characters. They are all interesting and captivating, and the film is good at giving scenes to show its personality and desires. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes are like little stories, and many of them are very original and exciting. It has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so great that they come into the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poison clan, each with their own style, which mimics the special abilities of a venomous animal. The styles of each of these figures are fun, and you can see the techniques that they use during the movie. When this happens, the director quickly uses the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects, and the whole thing works really well. <br /> <br /> A very original thing about this movie is the way it treats death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very worried that the movie does not trivialize death. This makes some scenes in the movie much more effective. It really matters to us if people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera clings to the horror of death, even if the bad guys are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are really good. When characters are looking for revenge, they really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time this is also a funny movie. It has all the typical things you would expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is bad synchronization. The characters are ready to fight in no time. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the characters' behavior is incredibly unrealistic. All of this only adds to the size of the movie. <br /> <br /> And do not forget that this director was a visual effect stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries. If you look closely at this film, you will find that the technical skill is virtuoso. Everything goes by so fast (because of the fast cutting style and the fast camera movements of the genre) that it's easy to miss how beautiful the movie really is. The lighting and composition is at times spectacular. The camera work and movement is extremely demanding, along with very interesting, fast processing steps. For example, imagine Hitchcock in the scenes of tension and intrigue that move about twice as fast. Chang Cheh was a true master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within its borders. He does not rattle the Kung Fu genre movie boat, but subtly his abilities permeate every scene and every shot, adding significantly to the quality of the work. He is a major filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is the actual package A kung fu movie that delivers on every level. It's art, it's garbage, it's emotionally moving and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but it does not allow that morality to contribute to accomplishing good actions. I would recommend it to anyone, whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
