When it came out, this work of the Meysels brothers was much criticized and even judged as exploitation. Fortunately, it is now considered a masterpiece of documentary film, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in reality television and the poor performance of most direct cinemas. Really first We have to say that this is not a direct cinema, it's more cinema verité. The difference between the two is very small, but it is mainly the fact that in this documentary we feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and interact with the filmed characters. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. The Meysels are allowed in the house, and they are in a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. And both Edith and Edie love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing to have shown only one voice of God's story and superficial interviews. Here we get a complete portrait of the madness of the house, a madness that is well received by both Edie and her mother Edith. Her house is a mess, garbage and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture throughout the house and the constant struggles that constitute constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived together all their lives, not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but because they can not help but talk to each other in this way. They know themselves too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. In the end, they really love each other, even though they blame each other for their lives. Edie says she does not want her mother to die because she loves her very much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> The most interesting aspect of the film, however, is that the two women, no matter their age, can not help but be girls. You can not help being one of the singers, the other of the dancers. Show off your artistic skills in front of the camera. When Edie asks David Meysel's rhetorically, "Where have you been all my life?" She is really happy that she can finally show the whole world and her wonderful showgirl skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic significance and a charm that will most likely never be seen again, as only the Meysels and few others could.
