"Cypher" is a cleverly designed story about industrial espionage that takes place in America in the not too distant future. Although not thematically complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, recklessness, and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also attempts to portray modern corporations and companies as indifferent to the risks their contract agents are taking on them. The film begins with a somewhat mediocre salary member, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who works for the Digicorp group as a covert investigator. After a first briefing with the security chief of Digicorp, Sullivan receives a new identity (Jack Thursby) and is sent to a business conference in which he records the speeches of various speakers on the marketing strategies of the respective companies. Upon successful completion of his first assignment, Sullivan / Thursby will be sent on further assignments to receive the information previously collected. On one of his "business trips", however, he unintentionally meets a woman named Rita Foster (Liu), whom he met on his previous assignment, and from there it is extremely upside down. The effects of a vicious conspiracy brought on by Digicorp's spy program are catching on, and Sullivan has to take deep cover of one of Digicorp's main competitors, becoming a double agent involved in an intense rivalry between the two companies , > ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> What I liked most about this movie was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in many scenes. Luminous lighting was mainly used in homes / households, while the setting with deception and cover-up used many shades and dark colors. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. I have not seen him starring too often, and the fact that he plays a disappointed married man directly from Wisconsin was brilliant. I personally believe that he is one of the many housed actors in the industry who have not been given more demanding roles. Lucy Liu was also unbelievable in her part, giving the movie its real cloak-and-dagger sound. In addition, the rest of the cast has done an excellent job. My only complaint, however, was that some characters could be researched more to make the plot and shutdown a little more complicated. For example, I would have liked to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a closer relationship with his second "wife". All in all, this is a cleverly developed mantle-and-dagger story that lets you assume, right up to the end, personal and professional loyalty, and the question of whether anyone can be trusted throughout the movie. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work, this film offers a scary look at the future of how businesses work. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden gem". This is a brilliant, not too complicated spy thriller, so I give it a 9/10 rating.
