Actually, it's a good thing that Sean Connery retired as James Bond, as I'm sure he can no longer compete in today's spy business, where fast cars have been replaced by high-tech brainwashing techniques, and great women are considered will be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a rather resourceful sci-fi thriller that often causes feelings of fear and claustrophobia, though it's completely implausible. You know the trend in these types of films: Nothing is as it seems, and just when you've found out the kinky storyline, the authors make sure that a new twist is inserted that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" are said to take place in the most prominent regions of the computer world, where big companies do not do much except steal each other's thunder. Digisoft literally spends millions on brainwashing and re-identifies them, only to infiltrate them as spies of their biggest competitor, the Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to unmask the Digisoft rats and recruiting them as double spies. Between all this unprofitable business stands Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly colorless 30-year-old employee selected by Sebastian Rooks (the over-spy) to thwart the secretive policies of BOTH companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds. Director Vincenzo Natali (the type of "Tube") carefully takes the time to introduce all the important and less important characters. The first half of the movie is more reminiscent of the unfortunately underrated John Frankenheimer gem "Seconds"? with Rock Hudson? It's also about erasing identities and drastically changing your previous lifestyle. Even the set pieces seem to come straight out of the 1960s film, with many empty white spaces and sinister hallways that seem endless. There is also plenty of action and excitement, especially when Morgan soberly learns how the Digisoft crew reviews the results of their brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the film is a little tedious, mostly because you already realize that everything is moving in the direction of multiple misleading turns, and I was hoping for a slightly darker presentation of the not so distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly staffed and the enchanting Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as the fox lady who seems to be on his side. Director David Hewlett's regular decision has the most memorable supporting role as the sinisterly eccentric Suways engineer Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done and adrenaline sci-fi entertainment, highly recommended for people who want to use their brain capacity from time to time.
