Cypher is a clever, effective and scary movie that delivers. His good premise is well presented and the content delivered in an effective way, but also in a way that the genre demands. Although the film could immediately be described as science fiction, there is something more to it. It has obvious sci-fi features, but the movie is more like a noir / detective feeling than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie looks like a nightmare; Build and maintain a good atmosphere. We're never sure what's going on, we're never sure why certain things actually happen, and we're not quite sure if certain people have something similar, like a dream? the ambiguity prevails over us all? Hero included, and I've never seen it in a movie as seen by Terry Gilliam in Brazil. Combined with the aforementioned eeriness, Cypher presents elements of terror as well as detective, noir, and science fiction that convey the feeling that there is something for everyone and that it integrates its elements well. <br /> <br /> There's also a spy feeling for the movie that supports the detective side of the story. The mystery around everyone is disturbing, and I find the fact that the figure of Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to resemble a femme fatale, can be considered less threatening to anything else Friends do not appear to be, people who say they help, and those who appear innocent are actually more deadly than they look. Despite many transpositions, multiple distortions of action and following orders, acting in such a way that they give the impression that the world would end if they were not carried out; What seems most dangerous is any romantic connection or connection with Lucy Liu's character? and she's trying to help (!) The film maintains the feeling that two sides fight against espionage, espionage, and against its employees and opponents. The whole thing is like a kind of mini-Cold War; something that is reminiscent of the US and the US government in their heyday and really permeates the black, gloomy, often CGI-strewn screen that I've glued to. <br /> <br /> What was also quite interesting and a nice encore was the travel insert recording of some American states that resembled computer microchips as our hero flies to and from his designated targets? Significantly, the more he behaves out of Foster's motivation and motivation, the more the sequence disappears because he breaks away from the computerized, repetitive, controlled life that he is told will live and branch. Cyhper is very consistent in content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles the first Jason Bourne movie that only plays in the science fiction genre is not easy enough, but you can see the similarities. although both were released in the same year. As I mentioned, there is a feeling in this film that there is something for everyone. If you pass the rather disappointing ending that a few people can successfully predict, you will enjoy this movie.
