This is a fantastically imaginative, low-budget science-fiction movie by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film is like a cross between Phillip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the movie has a unique feeling like nothing you've ever seen. The film is superbly shot, I love the cinematography in it, it feels fresh and original. In terms of plot, the film explores similar themes to films like Total Recall, Dark City and the Matrix, and their pretty staple food for sci-fi. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburbanite who is bored and has decided to take on a job as a corporate spy for Digicorp, a large technology group. He first meets a recruiting officer who brings Sullivan on board and instructs him what to do. Essentially, it's about going to conferences of competing companies and recording them via a satellite-broadcast device disguised as a pen. It also means that he must accept another person and keep it secret from his wife. After his first job, things get strange, his habits change, his personality starts to differ and he has neck pain and headaches and nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by a fascinating actress Lucy Liu), to whom he immediately feels attracted. However, when he goes to his next job and sees her again, she reveals herself as an agent, revealing that his job is not what it seems. He later learns that he and the rest of the conference participants are all working for Digicorp. The conferences are all covers that allow corporate executives to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, has been given an antidote to the Digicorps drugstore and while the rest of the spies at the last conference go into a brain-red daydream while the speakers roar (the speakers send all servants to sleep through subliminal messages.) Suddenly the rooms switch off and Digicorp workers come into all the eyes of the inmates to make sure they are not conscious, and in a rather nightmarish situation, they bring headsets for each member they send messages to the brain and brainwash the fallen Believing that they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personalities and lives for these people while erasing their own existence. Sullivan must now pretend he fully believes he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp wants to steal information from their rival Samways and they want their own dolls to do that. Now they are effectively controlling what these spies do except Sullivan. When Samways grabs Sullivan and finds out that he has not been brainwashed, they decide to use him as a peasant to spy on Digicorp and make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has sent Thursby to them to get involved in Samways and to work the system up until he finds himself in a situation where he can download important corporate information that could bring the company to a standstill. Samways realizes that he has been planted and decides that they will play with Digicorp and allow Thursby to invade their databases, but they will give Digicorp a dodgy disc that will ruin their system. The plot begins to spin and spin as both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as he tries to figure out why she helps him. If a mysterious third party becomes involved and the person Foster works for is known, Sullivan must decide whether to go to that freelance agent, who can guarantee him a new life and security, or stay with one of the companies he works for is working. The tension builds to a stony climax, as it seems everyone wants to dispose of him as soon as his usefulness has expired. The cast is great. Northam is outstanding and the fineness of its performance is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a big subtle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just unbelievably incredible and her presence gives the film a great dynamic because it looks weird, but it works because of that fact. The rest of the cast is good too. <br /> <br /> The director Natali, whose previous film was the cult classic sci-fi movie Cube, has a real visual flair. He also makes the movie outstanding and made him look great. For a low-budget movie, there are some imaginative visual effects, and while the CGI is not great, it never starts too strong to negatively affect the movie. The movie really brings feelings from The Matrix and other great science fiction movies. The plot sometimes gets too complicated, but in truth it helps in a movie like this, where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is obvious. The movie lets you constantly find out what's going on and really surprises. This is an obvious cult classic overall, and I can see that this is incredibly popular when it's released in the States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
