Was this a comic book? A video game? A drawing of a 3 year old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie that can be taken seriously. not the characters, not the dialogue, not the action, not the action. Nothing. We have international high-tech terrorists / criminals who argue like preschoolers, Stallone's unruly behavior against freezing weather, dialogues so stupid that sometimes it's almost weird, and so on. Even the codename used by the bad guys is stupid ("tango-tango"). A movie that entertains with excitement, good action sequences and a beautiful snowy mountain scenery. Oh yes, and the unintended humor. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a really bad and unconvincing gay banter between our happy and happy characters, who obviously have a "threshold". Then comes a sweaty fail-rescue part that wants to make anyone who's afraid of height problems pull out their hair. And then we have even more bad dialogues and then even more great action. This is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Stallone's melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so soapy, so cliched, so wrong and so bad that he should force every onlooker to chuckle. Soon after this dreadful account of the dialogue, we witness a spectacular and superbly shot hijacking. The whole action is a great absurdity, but it makes the most pointless fun. Although the rest of the action is exciting and funny, the airplane scenes are truly the highlight of the movie. After landing, our master criminals seek a leader and land at Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to fetch the first money, but somehow they do everything they can to make it as hard as possible for him to get there; they take off most of the clothes (so they can freeze) and they do not give him the equipment he needs (so that he can fall down). WANT TO GET THESE GANGSTERS YOUR MONEY OR NOT ??? Very dumb. Obviously, they do not trust Stallone, but they know they can always send him with Rooker hostage. Still, our gangster Stallone's climb makes it difficult when, for logical reasons, they at least show how evil they really are - so there is no doubt. And for those who may still have doubts about how evil the wicked are, they exaggerate, brag and giggle in truly wicked ways. Everyone convinced? Well. You should be better. Otherwise, the authors will carry out a mass execution of twenty schoolchildren just to make sure that the wickedness of the bad guys is crystal clear for everyone. The old man who flies the helicopter ... How the hell did he fall into the trap? First, he must have been warned by the MTV Airhead of the criminals, and second, he must have heard the voices of Stallone and Rooker on the walkie-talkies. There is a whole series of idiotic verbal exchanges, with Lithgow having the dubious honor of getting the most stupid lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I have not even started to climb on your back." Or Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we only have each other!" As for the Lithgow killer gang, these people never seem to want to kill right away. You are very creative about it; They philosophize, pretending to play soccer with their bodies, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone has written this thing. I have no idea what drugs he took when he did. I hate to think that the script is so bad because there is too little I.Q.
