The French horror cinema has experienced a kind of revival in recent years, with great films like Inside and Switchblade Romance. Maléfique was a bit ahead of the revival, but faces most modern head and shoulder horror titles and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever made! Maléfique was apparently filmed on a low budget, but this is offset by the originality of the film in more ways than one. This, in turn, is complemented by the excellent writing and acting that distinguishes the film as a winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; Prison and black magic. The central figure is a man named Carrère, who was sent to jail for fraud. He is put in a cell with three others; the quietly insane Lassalle, the bodybuilding transvestite Marcus and his backward friend Daisy. After a short while in the cell they stumble over a hiding place in the wall where an old diary is located. After translating part of it, they soon realize their magical powers and find that they may be able to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite surprised that there are not more films based on it, because there's so much room for maneuver. One can say that Maléfique makes the most of his virtues, for despite his constraints, the film never really feels restrained and manages to keep going well. Director Eric Valette creates a great atmosphere for the movie. The fact that most of it takes place in the central prison cell makes the film feel very claustrophobic. This benefits the immense idea of ​​the prisoners who want to use the magic to break out of the cell. It's often said that the stranger really scares people, and this movie proves that the director ensures that we can never really be sure what's coming around the corner, and this helps to ensure that Maléfique actually manages to be pretty scared inspiring! The movie is memorable for many reasons outside the central storyline; The characters are all very interesting in their own way, and the fact that the book itself almost takes on its own character has been very well done. If you are worried that the film will not deliver to the end, you will not be disappointed, because the end makes both sense and terrible! Overall, Maléfique is a really great horror movie and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended!
