Good horror movies from France are pretty rare and it's pretty easy to see why! Whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a breathtaking new movie, he immediately wanders off into glorious Hollywood to lead the large-scale remake of yet another great movie classic! How can France possibly build a good reputation for horror when its prodigies leave the country after just one movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie and it brought director Alexandre Aja a (one-way?) Ticket to the States to remake "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did terrific, I can add). Eric Valette's feature film debut "Maléfique" has also been a promising and compelling horror image, and he's already traveling to Hollywood to direct the remake of Takashi Miike's ghost story hit "One Missed Call." So you have two very gifted Frenchmen who are not likely to make more movies in their home country soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient cooler that requires some patience because of its slow start. Once the plot has developed properly, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of amazing special effects. The film plays almost exclusively in one place and introduces only four characters. We are in an ailing French prison cell with four inmates. The newcomer is a businessman convicted of fraud. Older and "wise" prisoners sadistically killed his wife. Then there's a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy who's supposed to complete that weird foursome. They find an old journal in the wall of their cell that belonged to a sick murderer in the 1920s who specialized in black magical rites and supernatural escape routes. The four inmates begin to make their own escape plan with the bizarre formulas of the book, just to recognize the occult, should not you care? Eric Valette dedicates the character drawings of the four protagonists Oceans of Time, which occasionally leads to superfluous and boring negotiations, but his reasons become clear at the cruel climax when the book suddenly turns out to be a kind of Wishmaster type. Device. "Maléfique" is a dark movie, with claustrophobic truckloads and some tangled details about human behavior. Watch the video before a wealthy American production company decides to rebuild it with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
