If you're one of those who enjoy arcane titles like "The Dead Book," "Eibon Book," or "Necronomicon," then you should feel at home with Malefique, a movie that also features an occult movie with the power to change the fates of all involved. The fearsome object was discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell and put in the wall by Danvers, a serial killer detained in the 1920s. a man obsessed with rejuvenation and black arts before abruptly disappearing. Finder of the book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), a company that is by his wife Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who wants to be a woman, a negotiator who wants to be a woman at the same time, but at the same time executes an escape plan, the Pwitscher Pâquerette ( Dimitri Rataud). who once ate his little sister and the "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), who had allegedly gone insane by reading that murdered his wife. Lassalle reminds the viewer of Meat Loaf's equally bizarre man in Fight Club (1999) and begins as a dominant member of the quartet, which protects especially the infantile Pâquerette. With the publication of the book and the overriding need to decode the dangerous content, Marcus gains more and more importance. Carrère, who had initially promised an early bail, is interested in the scientific interest in events. Suddenly he needs an urgent escape. Danvers' book begins with an attempt by the prisoners to expose some of his fearsome powers ... <br /> <br /> Mostly staged in a jail cell and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air that is completely blocked its theme fits (as well as the limited budget of filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then at the end do we leave the boundaries of the cell, a necessary opening that serves only to emphasize the condemned, closed procedure elsewhere. This film is all about being trapped, either as a victim of your criminal past or as a result of occult events. "I'm going to flee," says Carrère at the beginning of the film, wishing more than anything else to join his wife and son. Whether he does this or not is terrible, and the film's great irony is that the ultimate form of "escape" is not the kind of man a man could imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budget constraints It's thanks to first-time feature film director Eric Vallette that his film is as successful as he is. As the critics have noted, it is a film with strong Freudian overtones - Lassalle's unmistakable mammals and the nursing of adults, for example; the image of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the adult male who dissolves into a fetus again; Danvers' original Plazentafetisch; the dark cell as a primitive womb, which is expected to be 'delivery', etc. With so many interesting aspects of the script, Vallette makes little mistake, and manages to create a truly disturbing atmosphere when it comes to it It's just a matter of four boys, four bunks, a folding table and a book. There is a genuine, lovecraftian dizziness when the men conjure up the unexplained darkness from its sides, while one or two moments - the aforementioned flashing vagina or what ultimately happens to Pâquerette - are unpleasantly memorable. The pace of many dark events in Malefique is intentional and rejects the quick cut of many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often undermines the horrified look in favor of quick-fix action and Gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European way of remembering a similar, measured approach to the shocking hallucination recorded in such films as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that incidentally shares a particularly disagreeable image Lensed well at 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits from excellent performances, and if for that spectator at least the conclusion was not as explainable as it could have been, the journey was to last shot worth it to be taken. So soon after the release of the equally well-received Haute Tension (aka Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films are once again emerging from French industry. The only rewarding product came from Asia
