This film is about four criminals who are locked up in a prison and want to escape from their cell. They hope that a mysterious book of black magic, written around 1920 by a former inmate named Danvers, wanted to use the spell to keep his skin young. <br /> Carrier (Gérald Laroche) criminal business tactics (short cuts) have him jailed with three odd cellmates .. a transsexual brute Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus' love toy Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) He eats objects, he touches (and is in jail for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys his charge as if "he" were his mother and scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast (The latter is that he murdered his wife at this time of day). The film follows Carrère as he reads from the book, trying to understand what it means to find an exit from his jail. Carrère loves his child and believes for a while that his wife will release him on bail early. When she cheats on him, Carrère cooks slowly with hatred and longs to see and hold his beloved son. Carrère's toughest critic is Marcus, who longs to be completely female while still composing various male features, such as training and a standing leak. He speaks hard and uses his muscle as a kind of scare tactic, even though deep down there is a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a dog to his master. There is even an alarming scene in which Pâquerette quenches from Marcus! Lassalle is an enlightening mystery that opens up to us to slowly understand his ulterior motives and what lies in his possibly sinister brain. Lassalle is clearly intellectual and holds possible secrets from the others. He is the one who maintains the motivation to pursue the secrets of the book. Soon those who pose no threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not so much out of the cell of the four walls, but out of the cell that includes their true desires. After a specific murder, the book is thrown out of the room, with a very intriguing character entering the movie with a camcorder as if it were a new inmate. Who is this person and how does he understand the power of a book to throw away, and? even better, how to use it? A constant in this film is that each of the prisoners is often seen looking out the window front and out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I saw this movie. It's like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a prize has to be fulfilled. There is a lot in the film, amazing moments of graphic violence, but in my opinion, this is primarily a story shaped by stories. The Gore is a product of what unleashes the book. One of the group's limbs are twisted while floating in the air, while a gruesome opening act reveals the carnage left behind at the request of a man. In the end we see the fate of Danver, with a great special effect sequence on a melting away child. Lassalle's fate is a masterful effect sequence. I'll say that Maléfique, through Eric Valette's skillful direction, has always kept my attention, and because it's such an isolated movie (about 95% of the movie is in a unique location, the prison cell), it never seems to be pulling. I think that's a testament to interesting actors and intriguing characterizations, not to mention a captivating story the supernatural uses to drive them.
