The influence of Hal Hartley in Adrienne Shelly's "I'll take you there" is not obvious, but clearly has ties to his work (Shelly has starred in two of Hartley's films). Her film not only shows a very close narrative, but the hyper-stylized and extreme characters make human emotions appear strangely in a very real light. Although not altogether ironic (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that pepper the piece allude to the bitter truths of love and loss. With beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack straight from the seventies, "I'm See You There" is a great indie film that does not deal with post-modern irony when it comes to the sufferings of love and the reality of human emotions. <Br /> <br /> The movie begins with Bill's life going to pieces. Not only did he sell his beautiful friend Ray a beautiful country home, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in the retreat. Flushed, Bill tosses in his own darkness and fate, until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) brings him all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for her traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> The unwilling Bill wants to refuse, but the sudden appearance of Bernice at his door leaves him no choice. No doubt, Bernice's initial superficiality and ridiculous hairstyle hamper his ability to 'recover' with her. Her pseudo-hippie qualities annoy him so much that he beats her on the first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by his derogatory remarks that she ties herself to him and forces herself upon him. To what end we do not know ... except perhaps the fact that she is psychic. (And who can do better than Ally Sheedy Psycho?) <br /> <br /> Knowing that Bill wants to see Rose, Bernice offers her car, but on the condition that he takes her somewhere first. En route, she holds Bill captive with his own weapon (a Pinkerton detective, not less). An imbroglio of fear, resentment, salvation, passion and violence is created as Bill and Bernice make their way to the home of Ray and Rose ... of course with a few stops.
