"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective with nothing but well-executed action and a lot of heart. The cast has no known names, it has no big budget and they certainly lack the aspect of visual effects. All this, however, is compensated for by a clever and well-written script, effective cast, and the vision of a director who focuses more on storytelling than on giving away cheap thrills. Although Eric Valette is not a well-known name yet, his "Maléfique", his feature-length debut, proves that he is on the level of his contemporaries like Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is The Story of Four Prisoners in a Cell, Four Different Men with Very Different Backgrounds, but with One Goal: Get Off. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is arrested after being found guilty of millions of frauds; His cellmates, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally retarded Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), are all convicted of murder and welcome Carrère cold. Her personalities collapse as Carrère discovers an old book detailing how a former prisoner escaped with black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great mix of dark fantasy and horror in a way very reminiscent of Clive Barker stories. The strength of the movie is the way it builds the characters. They are all very complex and have different personalities. A lot of tension and tension comes from their constant clash of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is handled very well and gives the film the feeling of reading a gothic novel. Although it is a movie in which four men are locked up in a room, the movie never gets boring or tiring. In fact, the isolation of the group reinforces the feeling of mistrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette uses the atmosphere, the mood and his cast to bring the action to life. Despite his obvious budget, he has created a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and effective cinematography helps to make the film dynamic despite its single position, and the slow pace the film unfolds is superb for creating the harsh atmosphere of isolation and mistrust that the film has in its plot founded. The few special effects are very good, and Valette exchanges quantity in the few but grand scenes of Gore for quality. <br /> <br /> The characters make this movie a success, and the cast definitely deserves some of the credit. Gérald Laroche is honored as Carrère, an innocent man at first glance who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, Clovis Cornillac, who steals the show with his performance as Marcus, is a violent and distraught man who wants to be deep inside him just himself. The characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the best of it. <br /> <br /> The film is terrific, but not without defects. Most notorious, of course, is the low budget. Some of the CGI effects are a bit poor compared to the make-up and prosthetic effects used in other scenes, but it's never too bad. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to be losing steam in the end, if it focuses on the supernatural black magic and not on the characters, not too bad, but the end may seem weak at this point. <br /> <br /> Anyway, "Maléfique" is another of those great horror movies coming out of France lately, and one that deserves more recognition. Valette is definitely a talent to follow, as this modest (if complex) story of the supernatural proves enough of his abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8.10
