Apart from a few titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I saw every movie Guy Ritchie did. Twice. Of course I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the reasons why that is. This film is a very different approach to Ritchie when compared to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver prepares us for a psychological thriller, while a gambling conflict is at the mercy of a number of enemies he did not expect, and a guided walk to salvation that he did not know he needed. Besides Outokast's André Benjamin, who highlights his acting skills, Ray Liotta, who plays the crazy Mr. D / Macha, and Mark Strong, who plays the hitman sorter. <br /> <br /> After He's Sent Jake is jailed by a tyrannical casino owner, Macha, and uses his time to humiliate Macha and force his hand to compensate him for the seven years he has spent. When he wins a card game and collects a decent amount of macha, Jake is on the brink of death when he collapses and falls ill with an incurable disease that leaves him three days. However, a team of loan sharks has an answer for him and a life ticket - only if he gives them all the money he has and is willing to work for them, all in a trick to tear down Macha as well as show Jake How dangerous it is he has made himself. Not only does Jake have the atmosphere of the death loom, but also a pair of loan sharks that have a day off with his money, and Jake also has to deal with him in one blow to introduce sorters - a batsman among Macha's employees. The depth of the story comes when Jake realizes that some of the inmates with whom he was serving solitary confinement may be the loan-shark team to take him for everything he has by inventing all the unfortunate events that happened Jake apparently finds his way in. However, before that reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi Jake show how twisted he has become out of loneliness. If he has only the company of his mind and his ego, he does it so that their actual existence is unattainable even to Jake. The film turns out to be a humiliating process for Jake and Macha, as they both deal with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the movie is top notch when you get the stark sense of the world of crime and the characters it contains. Although Ritchie's earlier films nod a great deal, he still has his own presence in the dialogue, sets and experimental portrayal of the gangster genre. It's also a great journey through humility and recognizing when you can easily mask your ego or a preset term to achieve what you want or overcome what you should. The characters are well-made in this film, all sides are pronounced and, in the spirit of Ritchie's fashion, they are all bound by an undercut characteristic that gets them all under control. I could and would like to talk about this movie and its unique nuances, but I do not want to take too much of it if you have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take a few steps to get through all the complicated layers, but it's a great movie and should be seen. If you're lucky and have not seen the watered-down US release yet, you should check to see if you can get the original UK version, as this will be a great discussion topic among friends as you try to puzzle your take , I saw it with my crew in early 2006 and we still talk about little things that we picked up today. It has gained its cult status, and it's well deserved as the movie in which Ritchie stepped out of the box and broke his norm. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear or worship me, but please, I think I'm special, we share an addiction, we're approval junkies."
