I recommend families, if possible, to show this only to older children. Some of the stuff in this movie may be too disturbing for the little ones. Well, that's not the way to go, let me explain the movie. This is in reality a documentary about a male fox who initially protects his territory and seeks a partner. The beginning of the glorious sunrise and music score is breathtaking. You should dive into the landscape as much as possible ugly later. They gave names to both the fox and the vixen, but I can not remember what they are to me. He struggles against this invading male to gain her love. They later create a cave and the vixen gives birth to four adorable boys, one of whom is blind. There are many happy and playful moments in which the fox family occurs, but tragedies and misfortunes strike too early. The first victim is the blind puppy who comes too close to a high tide and is washed away. The second victim is the mother who, while stealing chickens, is deceived by a dead woman. The chicken hangs on a perch. She unknowingly goes into a foot trap. As she tries to escape, she tears off part of her foot and lets her bleed. The rest of the fox family must see them die under a tree. Male is now a single parent, forced to take on the role of mom and dad. He just has to teach them the skills they need for life. Later, it turns out that two of the now adult puppies have an ugly fate of their own; Thanks to the carelessness and cruelty of man. I will not spoil the surprising end for you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs close to his tail. And it's a well-deserved ending to what the audience and fox family were. I wanted to say that I saw that when it came out in the early 80's, when we had showbiz cables. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I could never understand why they did not let me. Now I know why, after I had secretly seen it when it came to Disney when I was nine years old. I felt emotionally disappointed after seeing all the evil. I was moved to tears. But so dark and ugly It was, it serves a purpose. To show people what is happening to these and other species, and why they are endangered. This documentation was intended to convey the message about this endangered species, and I hope it works. It's not a fake Like Disney's True Life Nature films, they do not teach why animals are dying out. The conquest, the killing From the main booty of the foxes and the senseless killing of these beautiful animals they are in danger. I wish they would do a sequel to this film (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. Maybe they are from a vixen named Teresa and her siblings who are growing up. This film also reflects what sometimes happens to human families, especially when suddenly one of the parents dies. The surviving parent takes on the role of both and tries to teach it. It is not always enough to protect them when they grow up, especially when some of their lives are ruined. Or they themselves fall victim to the tragedy. The best soundtrack and the music I've ever heard.
