OK ... this movie was previously planned by critics and board posters alike (though you're the devil's supporter, one might suspect that critics are often people who did not make it as a filmmaker, and board posters are often people of not for himself as a critic), so I wanted to sit in the corner of the magic sponge in order to reach some of the people who decided not to see the movie because they all seem to be looking down collective consent to the matter. <br /> <br /> The movie's biggest flaw in getting broad support is how unexpectedly complex it is. This has been described several times, making the film "inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively nonlinear and the characters are used not only as a means of storytelling but also as a means of showing us the subtle (or not so subtle) allusions to bias we give to memory pass, ie. Ray Liotta's character, who wields a weapon with the words "fear of me," is portrayed as tragic as well as pathetic (from Statham's POV) or as interrogated and courageous (from Liotta's POV). This is just one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach to filmmaking with Revolver. We have a rather archetypal plot (the strong, yet quiet, cruel anti-hero is released from jail and gets a score, which he does, but is accidentally dragged into a world of corruption ... I mean, color by numbers , Movie noir here guys, down to a vague poetic choice of diction and the sombre voice.But then Guy has taken this frame to make a number of extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham's character approaches a car that could have come from the film and had no impact on the story, but Ritchie values ​​how little random events such as receiving a phone call make the difference between life and death <BR>> <br /> So the final act of the movie is pretty stunning, I would take the P * ss if I said I did not damn the last 20 minutes of the movie it would spend to switch to my date and "um ... wtf? "... but that's the most rational reason to ignore a work of art, it's far too easy to dislike something because you find it hard to understand it, and even easier to say," Well, nobody seemed To understand, it has to be a real movie! "In my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and sophisticated piece of modern art that should be greeted in the same way as we would the Saatchi brothers Let's take this opportunity to say "Ah, shh, I wanted a movie about a lot of bleeding 'Cockney gangster in-nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is a titmice!" then the day will come for the filmmaker Just to do what is expected of shallow, mean people, just because Guy made a name for himself with witty, cheeky cockney drums does not mean he can not be deep without being "overbearing." Funny people can also be thoughtful.
