Life is not bad for Harry Mitchell, he's a former Air Force major (plus a tiny little boarding house, as I can imagine), who burns cash for a patent he developed (titanium and steel merge by blasting and super metal create for NASA), and his wife of twenty years has been in pretty good shape. He has a nice little pad in LA. I like to see visions of the consumer dream of the 80s, and you get a good deal here, what with the restored Silver Jag (a Series 1 E-Type Roadster) for him and the gorgeous antique dollhouse for her (and I'm sure others Jewelery and boys toys). There must always be more, but not? So Harry gets involved in some romantic phenomena (you're only the same age as the woman you feel). As in many Noir films, a flaw in an otherwise spotless life leads to a downward arc for Harry. Three blackmailers stab him. Here's the value for me, great character actors who play very credible roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-con who performs incredible psychopathic acts to avoid jail and punish double-cross people. He recalls Pluto, the vicious black ex-cheater from Carl Franklin's prestigious neo-noir One False Move (1992). I think there is a similar character motivation. Both men had enough of the man and anyway in Extremis. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a fat pansy with lily, running a nudist salon where men's nude models can shoot for half an hour at $ 25 and half an hour for $ 50. It's over your head and it's great to see Trebor's acting when Leo feels the heat, a believable collapse. John Glover, as Alan Raimy, the head of the conspiracy, wins a truly brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns to a criminal life for sheer sociopathic boredom. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly unpleasant things during the film, including the one I believe is a fairly-indicated rape (watch out for his RAP sheet ad, which is easily missed, and read along "Slim"). <br /> <br /> Together with One False Move, but not exclusively, I think that the real influence of the film lies in the unusually communicative scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> So far so good, but I think there is a real problem with the movie. Harry Mitchell will eventually be told that he has his "Tit in the Ring". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. Roy Scheider protagonists never lose, they are confident and supple, but not annoying. I have the feeling that I am being asked that his character is in danger. The movie relies on dramatic tensions. but I did not believe it. For me it's like being asked that Sandra Bullock's character would sleep alone at the end of a romantic drama, or Stephen Seagal's character is being run down by the bad guys (actually happens in a movie, but done.) For the sake of shock ). Roy Scheider does not convince even as an adulterer, you feel no trouble with him, his character is covered with Teflon. <br /> <br /> It also felt like a movie that made some cuts. At 110 minutes it still feels underdeveloped: Harry's wife Ann Margaret is pretty much a cardboard showman, an extension of Harry's, her backstory as a candidate for the office politicians finds little attention. The effects of the affair on Harry's marriage are not properly communicated. This could be a Frankenheimer problem, he is not known for character development. I never had the feeling that Harry was dealing with anything more than an openly disturbing and erroneous tax claim by the IRS. <br /> <br /> There's good, dirty noir content in this movie, but I think Harry's casting in the brace could have been better (no disrespect to the great Roy Scheider). The movie felt short in spite of the long run, and I think he could have picked out a bit more. <br /> <br /> But you really can not forget the mess, like the deliciously perverted scene in which Harry takes pictures of Doreen in the nudist room.
