Although "The Sopranos" is another gift from the megahit's "The Godfather" and sequels that have dramatized and, so to say, glorified the mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another step. No suitable, class gangsters here with houses in Lake Tahoe and stakes in Vegas casinos - these guys are goombahs who stand by for waste management and deal with things that fall from trucks, bars, bars and protection money - in short, what the mobs are about went in the neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not hold back sex and violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a mobster with a wife and two children who lives in New Jersey and suffers from panic attacks as he tries to reconcile his biological family with his mafia family. In order to get to the bottom of his assault, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and at the same time attracted to him. Tony's henchman - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the head of the mob), his good friend Pussy - are all distinct characters. <br /> <br /> There are enemies not only from the outside, but also from within, and one of those enemies is Tony's sick but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand) who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him , Meanwhile, Tony's sister Janice searches for money with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter in her mother's house. Tony has problems with the lover and a woman (Edie Falco) who can endure a lot because she loves him and maintains her Catholic religion. "The church frowns at the divorce," she tells a woman who thinks about a split. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. Regarding Tony's mistress problems, his psychiatrist points out that Tony's calling on women, for whom nothing is ever enough, asks him if that seems familiar. Yes, it sounds like his mother. <br /> <br /> I'm of Italian descent and yes, I'm sick of showing Italians in a negative light and everyone assumes that all Italians are gangsters. However, you can not help liking this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it's said, is not a turkey and sweet potato cake - it's the antipasto, the manicotti, the meatballs and the escarole and then the bird!) Not to mention the proper pronunciation of words like Melenzana (Mullinyan), Escarole (Scarole), Manicotti (Manigot) etc. The only unitalistic thing about Tony is that he does not have a finished cellar, something that has not happened in my family (except my parents have never had one). <br /> <br /> The most outstanding in this show are Gandolfini as a ruthless gangster against antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as the tortured Jennifer. But all are excellent. If you can accept the violence and language, this is a great show, a relentless portrait of mob life in New Jersey.
