The sopranos are probably the most acclaimed TV series of all time, so of course my expectations were thoughtful and yet the show surpassed them. I love the mafia and crime in the movie and enjoy watching the exciting stories of these worlds, but that's much more. Over 86 hours of material give the story a chance to be not only one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories, but also a great family drama, a shocking character study, a comic comedy, a brilliant psychological exploration of the nature of good and Evil and an intellectual artistic collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations in one. David Chase's epic series manages to accomplish all of this and more, and as the nearest TV, HBO cements its cinematic perfection and paves the way for a number of other series to continue to blow the audience away. <br /> <br /> Realism is there when it's needed, but Chase's decision to deviate from it to occasionally work for "dream episodes" and the like adds only more layers to the series. Chase - along with a strong team of writers, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire - transforms New Jersey into a complicated universe filled with the best characters I've seen on TV /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most iconic characters on television ever. Tony sticks to half of pop culture gangster stereotypes, but he completely defies the other half through his family interactions and therapy sessions with Drs. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), with whom he has considerable chemistry that ensures the therapy scenes always have a completely different feeling to the rest of the show), we see almost every page of Tony Soprano and learn that he is more of an Everyman than you would expect. Edie Falco makes the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife Carmela. From her mixed feelings to Tony's lifestyle, to her suspicions of murders, to her torture, to Tony's cheating, to her own thoughts about infidelity, Carmela performs the full range of emotions 6 seasons and Falco makes her the main carrier for the non-mafia Spectators have eyes in such a corrupt world. Scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most heartwarming and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television. The side cast is almost phenomenal, and a plethora of characters populate the cast over all six seasons. somehow without layoffs. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's overbearing mother Livia, a glimpse into Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost cruel, as it takes the character so credibly far. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony's protégé, whose various bad choices lead him to a street that is painful but brilliant. Drea De Matteo plays the girlfriend Adriana of Christopher and is so well-intentioned and loving that the dark bow her character takes fits into her career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, who was introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and source of the comic, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show, and no one plays true rage better than he does. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Famous faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini perform throughout the show while names like Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt regularly appear as the main characters in the series. There are over 50 great characters with strong bows, and the excitement and tension of the various subplots throughout the show never falter. <br /> <br /> Comedic elements and episodes filled with brilliant serenity weaken the dramatic intensity of the show's powerhouse, which is so versatile that for some reason the episode of almost every episode has somewhat confused me. The sopranos are the most powerful and addictive series I've ever seen, and their highs are so awesome that I have to call them my favorite show despite my belligerent lows (in my opinion, most of the time undeniable). <br /> <br Whether you love or hate the end or what you make of it is irrelevant: the discussion that created it is a feat in itself. The iconic character of the entire series makes them an integral part of television history. There are several elements that everyone in this show can love and admire. So if you prefer to see something different, do yourself a favor and fuhgeddaboutit.
