Now I have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and frankly I am appalled. For someone who even thinks that the sopranos are not a television, unfortunately I do not know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started seeing many TV shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all these shows lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I do not look at because the companies took two brilliant ideas and slaughtered them with more than one season. Then we have the sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV show I have ever seen and in which I have seen the whole season, and especially all the episodes. There is no department where this show is not unique. Acting, nothing less than great. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I find his acting in each episode absolutely stunning, after hearing that HBO Ray Liotta wanted to play for Tony. I felt it would have been a better choice, but after seeing the first few I knew that HBO had occupied James as Tony. The raw feeling he shows is great. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remember as Johnny Ola in Godfather Part 2), and my personal two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante , All these actors are of the highest quality and perform well in every episode. Then we have the story, never before had I been involved in a TV show. The story is just outstanding. Each episode is superbly directed and the score of this show is just fantastic. I feel that The Sopranos is a show that I can watch again and again and never get bored. It has everything from funny humor to brutal violence, but still it is best to decorate the television and I challenge everyone to find a real flaw in the show. You can not say it's too violent or you think Tony's character is immoral. I mean, it's a mafia show at the end of the day. I do not think the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I implore everyone to watch this show because you believe you will love the first episode, and I even got some friends who initially refused to watch the show. Trust me when I say that this show is a Godsend compared to the crap that comes on TV. After watching the first season, you'll inevitably agree with me once again saying that this show dominates television and not a TV show. The present or the future will ever bring the wonder of the sopranos to the forefront.
