I can not add much to the positive reviews here - great acting, balanced writing, multi-faceted characters, a great anti-hero in Tony, great commentary on millennial American life. The holistic use of psychiatry in connection with Tony's mother problems is particularly fresh and humorous. Some other characters add a lot of depth - Hesh's interesting story as an outsider composing, Ralphie's totally irrevocable wickedness, Chris's twofold desires in life and so on. <br /> <br /> I have to get used to some of this criticism, however, especially the "it glorified the violence of Italians / Americans". Most writers and actors are Italian-Americans, would they attack themselves? There are several positive Italian-American characters - Artie Bucco, the cook, dr. Melfi and her family and the Cusamanos next to the sopranos. Melfi's husband-in-law notes in the first season that only a tiny minority of Italians in Italy ever had mob connections (certainly less than the proportion of African-Americans involved in crime, I dare say.) In both cases, poverty and want Chances are the biggest causes). <br /> <br /> Most characters do not really care about their lives; the family background or the circumstances lead them to a large extent. Outsiders (even from Italy) who try to integrate into it usually find disturbing goals. For example Matthew and his friend in the second season. If you criticize this show, I suppose Frasier made you become a psychiatrist, or Will & Grace, that you wanted to become gay? Presumably you will not hear rap music handling gangs, or R'n'B treating promiscuity, or rock music talking about drugs (or any other combination). People are not as stupid as some of you are .... <br /> <br /> Not everything is perfect though. Many characters have appeared only once, as if they had seen or at least mentally referred to in earlier episodes - Tracee, the dancer, Meadows friend Ally, the girlfriend of Uncle Junior (allegedly for 20 years, until they share in the first season) ,
