It's probably not fair that I've seen the majority of the interesting reviews on the Sopranos and then have to add what people have forgotten, but well ....... <br /> <br /> How could one Actors fail with these characters? Each of them is fascinating and intense in their life aspiration. Tony Soprano - while he is a mob "Capo" and suffering from a mental illness, his life still looks like and knows what to do to survive. Each of his men sees their lives practically from within as the truest form of voyeurism. It definitely creates a kind of "curious" side in every viewer, and I include myself here! <br /> <br /> Although some of Bracco are not interested, I have to say that this is the freshest part she has had good buddies in years. She is the side of Tony that makes him listen to the reason that makes him decent, that gives him a respite when he deals with his human emotions that he has not felt for so long, if any. She is simply his savior. (Not in religious tones) <br /> <br /> But here is undoubtedly Edie Falco to see. Seeing her role as a prison guard in the other acclaimed HBO series "Oz" and seeing her as Livia is the ultimate compliment to any actor or actor. She has gone beyond the limits of a recognizable actress, with whom only actresses like Merle Streep can escape. A kind of chameleon quality to overcome roles. But as I said, with such a strong figure, how can an actor fail? Livia's strength lies in her daily commitment to belief in herself. She is a survivor because she hopes her husband and family will be survivors. She is prepared for the worst, because she knows the dangers of her husband and yet knows that she has more than most women in Jersey. It's wise, if not wiser, and firmer than Tony himself. All in all, the biggest crime of the soprano family is that we have to wait for viewers to see the next season by January 2000. This, in my opinion, is the worst thing about the HBO series. It was what made The Larry Sanders Show, Sex and the City, Dream On, and others popular again and eventually killed them. Between the seasons too much space and very sporadic. Until then, I will follow the iterations with the hope that this gap in programming will be closed.
