The acts in "The Sopranos" not only attract viewers from all over, but I think (at least for me) what the audience brings back is acting. (Not even you, Gary, can dispute that assertion.) James Gandolfini, who plays lead man Tony Soprano, has become (in the eyes of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood elites" as far as he's in a television series. I would not compare him to Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino or at least not yet. He does a great job as Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown so much as an actor (mainly because of his role in The Sopranos) that he is one of the best in the industry today. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" is a great minor cast, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese, and the late Nancy Marchand, who played Tony's terrible mother. At this point in the existence of the show, this is rightly considered a cult classic. The first two seasons were exceptional. Violent and rather cruel in quite a common way, but undoubtedly made extraordinary. The third season was great, but not quite the hype of the first and second season. Season 4, which ended just before the New Years, was the weakest season (or at least in my opinion). , Despite a dry spell, I found it (Season 4 of "The Sopranos") even more entertaining than most of its competitors and that says a lot because lately I've noticed a trend in good new TV shows. Examples include: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (technically not a new show, but ended with an unforgettable final season this year). To come back to my point of looking at a show better than the entire competition in a particularly bad year, this is an achievement of the authors. "The Sopranos" stands far above all other television programs of its time and the authors deserve a lot of recognition. Finally, I want to say, "The Sopranos" are the right people. For the average mature viewer (17 years and older) who enjoys the drama and does not mind the mix of violence and obscenity, you should try "The Sopranos" if you have the chance. Trust me, it's worth the time.
