I did not think so at all, but my friend said when he heard the title "Midnight Cowboy", the first thing he thought was a gay porn. At the time, all I knew was the link in that "Seinfeld" episode where Jerry was trying to get Kramer on that bus to Florida, and Kramer was all sick and had a nosebleed. <br /> <br /> The movie was great and surprisingly optimistic and not all pissy overbearingly pessimistic like some movies that I can not even remember because they are all crap. The plot essentially consisted of a naive young cowboy traveling with Joe Buck to New York trying to be a hustler (basically a male prostitute) who believes it be a light pick, just to hit the brick wall hard when a woman is ready to overthrow him and accuse him of their sexual encounter. Then he meets Enrico Salvatore Rizzo, the "Ratso" of all and the cute gay boys, who constantly make fun of him. You think of him as a rogue, but a loveable one (like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and, surprisingly, he and Joe become friends, and the movie is so sweet and heartwarming as it looks more friendly and so on. Rizzo, in fact, reveals himself as a sad, pitiful man, who is very sick and very depressed and self-confident, hates being called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida, where he believes that life will be much better and all his Problems are solved. and he will learn to be a chef and be famous. <br /> <br /> It's heartwarming as Joe does everything to bring them both to Florida, along with lots of fun moments (like Ratso, who's trying to steal food at this hippie party, and got caught by the woman It's free, you do not have to steal it. "And he says," If it's free, then I'm not stealing. "It," and this classic moment is completely unscriptive and unplanned Where Hoffman is almost hit by this taxi and yells "Hey, I'm going here! I'm going!"), and the acting is so believable, you I would never believe Joe Buck would become the respected and respected actor Jon Voight and Ratso Rizzo would become the legendary and popular Dustin Hoffman It's not the first time they've worked together in lead roles, but the chemistry is so thick and intense. <br /> <br /> Then there's the sad part, which I believe is an exaggerated statement that it depr imierend ". Ratso Rizzo is falling apart throughout the movie, can barely walk, barely eat, coughs a lot, is sick and reaches a head on the bus on the way to Florida. He hurts, and only a few miles from Miami he finally dies in the bus. The bus driver assures everyone that nothing is wrong and continues. Sad, but not in the way you have to go home crying and yapping as if you had just lost your 13-year-old dog. <br /> <br /> All in all a great movie. And the soundtrack is really just "Everybody's Talking," which plays at certain times throughout the movie. A strange move, but a great one, because the song is good and fits in perfectly with the sound of the movie. Take a look, it's great, buy it
