I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have it in my video collection as it's a favorite of mine. What's interesting to me is how MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, and it was so shocking to viewers that it was rated X. Of course, X meant maturity at the time. Since I was only two years old at the time of the film's release, I can hardly imagine how shocked the audience was at the time. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics that comprise prostitution were covered in the film (the title itself was slang for a male prostitute); Homosexuality; Lonliness; Physical (and to some extent emotional) abuse and drugs are still hard to discuss for many people today. I can start to get a feel for what the viewers of this film thought when they released it. It's worth noting that MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to an R rating in the 1970s, and while still rated R, some of the scenes could almost be classified as PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I would like to briefly give a summary of the plot, although it is probably known to almost everyone who has heard of the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck from Texas, who decides that he can make it as a male hustler in New York City, who accompanies rich women. He imitates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers by wearing a cowboy outfit in which he thinks this will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he met, he meets a sloppy man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, who is played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can make all sorts of money with a manager. Once again, Joe is cheated and soon he is homeless. However, Joe encounters Ratso and is invited to live in a run-down apartment. Without revealing much of the plot, I would like to say that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other to realize their dreams. I.U. Joe does it as Gigolo and Ratso going to Florida, where he thinks he can recover. <br /> <br /> I would like to comment on the movie itself. Especially the drama is outstanding, especially the leads. Although the movie is really sad from start to finish, there are some classic scenes. There are indeed some scenes in which they are not supposed to be funny, but I find them amusing. For example, there is the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk down a city street and they are practically run over by taxi. Dustin Hoffman slams into the taxi and says: "Hey, I'm going here, I'm going here!" I get a kick out of this scene because it's so typical of New York City where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to my mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel. What's amusing is that at first we think O'Daniel is there to recruit gigolos and see why Joe is so excited, but then we realize that O'Daniel is just a religious nut. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene in which Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and Joe says to his self-defense, "John Wayne You will tell me that he is a fag! "What I like is the delivery in this scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that although MIDNIGHT COWBOY was discontinued in the late 1960's, much of it sounds today. That's because the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in recent years in the form of Disneyfication. Homelessness is just as prevalent there today as it was 40 years ago. Many people also have unrealistic dreams about how they will manage to grow up just to make their dreams collapse, as Jon Voight did. What impresses me about Jon Voight's character is the fact that he is a survivor. I had the feeling that he had matured a lot at the end of the film and that Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. <Br /> <br /> Finally, I'd like to say that I should watch the movie at least a few times while watching, because there are so many things. For example, there are a number of flashback and dream sequences that made more sense to me after a few visits. What I also find interesting is that there is a lot left in this film that is left to interpretation, like what really happened to Joe Buck (Jon Voight's character) and the people of Texas. Even the end, although I do not want to give it to those who have not seen the movie, is quite open.
