This is a great example of a good, stupid movie. No, it is by no means high art. The script is also not near a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. SO WHAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four films and a comic series) are basically good-natured trumps that tramped in the field that dominated the sugar before they switched to serious films. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests The fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with the conspiracy of killer tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (John Astins third time in this role) has the plan to dominate France by an ancient prophecy about the return of the rightful King of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to become a sports rider and happens to be a dead ringtone to the long-lost true king of France. Obviously, he also plays the aforementioned "ll t K of F" and cheerfully forgoes the French language. <br /> <br /> You face the fearless Fuzzy Tomato (like the others, FT was introduced in the second film and would be a feature film character in the cartoon) and his human allies. Mark Price, who was recently unemployed as a result of completing the FAMILY TIES series, plays a thinly disguised version of himself calling himself "Michael J Fox" to win the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser, like Marie, is a dream that hops happily between unprotected virgin sexuality and border psychosis. Oh, the former Miss Netherlands had more film career! Another returning member of the Killer Tomatoes corporation is Rick Rockwell (known today as the unfortunate title motive of "Who's going to marry a millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both in front of and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, after all, except that he had a unique vision and managed to do it, and after he did that, he seems to have been forgotten. John, if you ever see that, thank you for giving us the Killer Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is hard but not uncomfortably aware that this is just a movie. As with RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES, the action occasionally falls off the set and into the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a witty forum in which he complains about his own lack of success compared to his former costar Michael J Fox. This is the biggest budget of all Killer Tomatoes Flicks and a nice farewell to the series. Okay, the show then switched to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was pretty smart), but cartoons are just not the same thing.
