Sour, unyielding and beautiful - John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than it was 35 years ago, when American life was even more confusing. The film could probably not have been made at any other time in history because there were so many upheavals in the late 1960s: the final dissolution of the great American West, the intensification of the Vietnam War and the clash of social ideals confusing diversity. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is widely known as the only Oscar-winning film to receive an "X" rating, but there's a lot more behind its fame. it also surpasses the norm as a work of art. While this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihy) has much to say about the erosion of American life, it transcends the politics of the 1960s by exploring the hidden bonds of friendship and engaging with issues that matter to man in all Epochs are familiar. The two main characters are actually standard antiheroes - men who have nothing great to offer, but plenty to deal with our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is on 28-year-old Joe Buck, a physically imposing native of Texas, played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we follow Joe's bus trip to New York City, where he wants to use one of his few true talents - the ability to please women - and earn his fortune as a hustler. Upon his arrival, we learn that Joe is ridiculously naive in the sex trade. The young Texan, dressed in cowboy-duds and described as "a damned stallion," flutters through his first tricks before meeting up with Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick swindler and small thief from the Bronx , merged. Ratso, who is short, thin and slack, shows little financial help to Joe. They run out of money quickly, and as life grows stronger during the winter months, Joe and Ratso tremble in a condemned apartment block in Manhattan that barely contains a dollar or a square meal. During this time, a strong friendship develops between them. The two men are dependent on each other to fight huge contradictions. Throughout the film, Joe listens to earlier years in Texas, including living with him grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as guardian; his desperate relationship with "Crazy" Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by city dwellers who wanted to dissolve the love affair. Midnight Cowboy is, to a large extent, composed of a series of flashbacks, dream sequences, and psychedelic imagery that illuminate the main characters and distort their backgrounds. For every moment of understanding that we gain from Joe and Ratso, more questions about their lives are generated. Both men are undoubtedly shredded; They have no sense of direction until Ratso gets sick and Joe finally realizes a sense of his life. This revelation puts "Midnight Cowboy" to a close, a pretty hopeful in a very bleak tale. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso are in desperate need of luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clear and utilizes the rough atmosphere of Waldo Salts script in which Voight and Hoffman thrive. Their interactions are very natural, and the side cast, which includes Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro, and members of the Andy Warhol clique, is an integral part of the storyline. The flashback sequences by Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in dealing with the heartbreak of lost time. <br /> <br /> Any young person wondering about the psychedelic era is advised to watch this movie thanks to the movie. Excellent cinematography by Adam Holender ("The Boy Who Could Fly", "Smoke") and Cut by Hugh Robertson ("Shaft"). The visuals of 'Midnight Cowboy' work with their soundtrack (compiled by John Barry) as a coherent unit, sometimes anticipating music videos from the past two decades. The lead song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase. The memorable theme of the harmonica is played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' has been released in a two disc collector edition of MGM / UA, which includes advanced features and comments. Also available is a DVD released in 1998 (used for this review) that offers two widescreen and standard formats with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement. trilingual subtitles and subtitles; French "synchronization"; a trailer to re-release a movie (not the 'original' as advertised); and an eight-page production booklet. Both DVD editions contain a 25-year-old, restored version of the film, which shows its original brilliance. The three Oscars (best picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and other nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson) and "Midnight Cowboy" will surely take their place on the list of immortal classics. <br /> <br /> *** ½ of 4
