Although I love this movie, I can barely see it, it's so real. So I put it on tonight and hid behind my computer bank. I vividly remembered it but just wanted to see if I could find something I had not seen before ... I did not do it because it's so real to me. <br /> <br /> Another "user" wrote the age of the commentators with their summary. I am all for it! It is quite obvious that most of these people who commented on "Midnight Cowboy" may not have been born when they were published. They mention other films in which Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman appeared later. I'm just as ruinously open: I'm 82 years old. If you are familiar with some of my other comments, you will know that I was a professional actress for 60 of those years and also appeared in the film. You would never recognize me, even if you were familiar with my nightclub person. Do you think I know much about the characters in this movie? YOU BET I AM DOING !! .... <br /> <br /> .... and do not be ashamed. If you have not met some of them yet, this is your loss - but there is a big opportunity that you did not know. So many mothers, fathers, sons and daughters might surprise you. It should not be a secret. Many actors / actresses have emerged from the backgrounds of "Midnight Cowboy". Who is to judge? I can name several current BIG-TIME stars who grew up on the dodgy streets of many cities and were damaged not least by their time spent there. I can not make a judgment because they are human, as we all are - love, courage, kindness, compassion, intelligence, humility: they call the attributes, they are all there, no matter what the package looks like. <br /> <br /> The "little things" around Hoffman, who are actually begging on the street to prove that he could play the role of "Ratzo", is a gem - he can be seen all over Los Angeles, how he drives his car - how does he get his input? ? I can also name many male stars who stood on the street and crossed the bars for money. Although the nightclub I've worked in for 26 years has been world famous and legitimate, I can also name some of the BIG stars who have been constantly chasing us out of the backyard to do a pick up service. That should not be a surprise today, though it's definitely Action is in Hollywood and other big and small cities. Wake up and smell the roses. They do not smell less sweet because they have a different color. <br /> <br /> Some "users" said "Joe Buck" had been molested by his grandmother. Although I saw him with a friend in her bed, I found no sign. Believe it or not, kids ALWAYS did not have their own rooms - because this is a must today, should tell you that in the master bedroom something kinky is going on. Whose business? Hoffman may have been begging for change on the street, but some "users" point out that Jon Voight was not a big star for shooting "Midnight Cowboy" - his actual salary would surprise you. I think he was robbed! No one can doubt the clarity he has brought to his role, nor that it has made him a star for such great work as "liberation." He defined a powerful man who had conquered his devils and was better for him: Few people commented that he had been so outwitted in this film. The late 1960s was one of the first films to be so open, but society was always hip. <br /> <br /> I also found no homosexuality between "Ratzo" and "Joe" - they were clearly opposites that did not like each other. They found a much higher relationship - true friendship. If you did not understand that at the end of the movie, you wereted your time. "Joe" was confused, but unobtrusive devotion was obvious. Yes, Voight had earned an Oscar for this role-one John Wayne could never reach, and he was just as handsome in his youth. Hoffman is Hoffman - you expect a firework. He gave it brilliantly. Wayne got his Oscar. Every character in this movie was beautifully defined - if you do not think they're still there, you're wrong. "The party" ? - visit some of the "raves" that younger people visit ... if you can get in. Look at the lines of the people trying to get into the hot clubs - you will see every vile personality. <br /> <br Brenda Viccaro was the epitome of the slender women of society who sometimes have to get down to business. If you were shocked by their brilliant acting and think, "this is not real", then look at today's "ladies" who are on the verge of abuses ... and admired for that. <br /> <br /> The brutality "Joe", in which the old man is robbed, is unfortunately also a part of life. You do not have to approve, but it's not too different from violence. "Joe" called his purpose purposeful - in that situation, I would have handed the money over faster than he asked. This is one of the scenes that make this movie a breakthrough that I do not watch. I am heartbroken for both ... <br /> <br /> John Schlesinger must have been familiar with this wretchedness to direct this ghastly eye-opener - Waldo Salt did not write in clairvoyance. Anyone who has had anything to get on the screen must have realized that he wrote history and should be proud of his honesty. Maybe "only in America", we can close our eyes to unpleasant situations, while other filmmakers can not come to terms with them. Do not look does not mean it is not there - give me the truth every time. Bravo! to all......
