Midnight Cowboy opens with a rundown Drive In Theater with the voice of main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, just what he wants to be. Joe picks up his life living in Texas and moves to New York City with the dream of many women and even more money. He dresses as the epitome of the cowboy, but in a cartoon-like way, not even his friends take him seriously. He begins his journey by bus to NYC and we can quickly see how watered Joe is when interacting with the other passengers. This is primarily a story of Joe's realization of the hard realities of the real world. <br /> <br /> He starts out as a very naive Southerner who thinks he could do it in NYC, only if he looks good. He has no other reason to think differently, as they have proved helpful in the past; we learn that from the many flashbacks he has. At the beginning, the flashbacks are filmed so that they seem a bit bizarre. They are hazy and the voices sound as if they came from a great distance, as they are, they come from his past. However, as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of New York City's harsh atmosphere, we see more of his past, no longer bizarre but grainy. It was filmed in black and white and edited with a quick cut to depict the cruel nature of past events. This is especially evident in the flashback in which he and his girlfriend were attacked and raped. In one of these flashbacks, we see a building being torn down stone by stone. This reflects the way Joe himself falls apart; The naivety he once wore falls away from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in misery and can hardly get anything to eat; Joe is aware that he can not live on his looks, that New York has a beefy abdomen that he could not imagine. His subconscious mind reflects the way in which his true life swings. <br /> <br /> Ratso is also a kind of mirror for Joe, but in the opposite way; Ratso is Joe's slide. Joe is a handsome, strong man who, for the most part, has a good outward appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can tell he's the opposite. He is short, dark and always sweaty. He understands how the world works, that it is unyielding, and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail; just like his father. They live in the same world, in the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation, which is common at this time, is very obvious in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the surrounding culture. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to NYC, where he's still an outsider. Ratso lives in the cold of New York City and wants to move to sunny Florida, where he believes he will find a good life. Although this is his ideal, the fantasy we get from Ratso's perspective makes it obvious that he knows he will never really fit into society. In this fantasy, he is aroused by the people who live around him, he is again an outsider, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> Only at the end does the gap between Joe and Ratso narrow. Joe attacks violence; He takes over the mentality of this city to get money for himself and Ratso for Florida. On the trip, we see Joe coming out of a shop that does not wear the cowboy clothes he's never left in the rest of the movie. He's dressed like someone who looks like he's going to Florida for a vacation. He dresses Ratso as well; He tires her to fit her into the new society she joins, but it does not succeed. After Ratso's death on the bus, the fellow travelers again consider her an outsider. Even in this new culture they have entered, they can not escape the alienation they have encountered in every step of the movie. Despite the death of Ratso and the continuing alienation of Joe, the film ends with the hope that Joe can use his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would as a hustler in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is an outstanding film that shows the harsh reality of society and alienation with outstanding performances by Voight and Hoffman.
