It's not really a timeless masterpiece that would be hoped to be based on the recognition it achieved, but "Midnight Cowboy" from 1969 is still a powerhouse for two young actors who came into sight , The film, directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, seems to be a product of his time, the late 1960s, when American films were particularly Expressionist, but it still casts a spell because of the history of themes of the Loneliness and bond is characterized, which resonate no matter what time. The filmic influence of the film is still felt in the unspoken emotionality found in Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain. <br /> <br /> The snaking plan follows Joe Buck, a naive, young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become an actress stud for rich women. Full of energy but devoid of sense, he fails miserably, but is unwilling to defeat despite his dwindling finances. He meets a cynical, sickly little thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as a simple farmer. The two become interdependent and Rizzo begins to lead Joe. In a psychedelic, drug-addicted party, where Joe finally gets a paying customer, it comes to a heated argument. Meanwhile, Rizzo is getting sicker, and the two are heading to Florida to seek a better life. This is not a story that will appeal to anyone, in fact, some may still find it repugnant to turn a robber and a thief into sympathetic characters, but their predicaments feel authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first Jon Voight plays a starring role and is ideally cast, highlighting Joe's paper-thin bravado and deepening sexual insecurity. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully elevates his clean, post-college image of "The Graduate" and dives into the personal humiliation and shimmering hope that is a comically compatible counterpoint for Joe. The sincerity of her portrayals is complemented by Schlesinger's film treatment, which vividly captures the plight of Times Square district. The director also effectively inserts montage of flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill the character's fragile psyches. Credit must also go to Salt, so that omnipresent cynicism does not overwhelm the pathos of history. The other performances are only incidental in the main characters' travels, including Brenda Vaccaro as a woman meeting Joe at the party, Sylvia Miles as the beating matron, John McGiver as a religious zealot, and Barnard Hughes as a lonely outsider. <br /> <br /> The two-disc DVD package 2006 contains a flawless printout of the 1994 restored and informative commentary by producer Jerome Hellman, as unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt live. The second CD features three great features - a retrospective documentary "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later," which features commentaries by Hellman, Hoffman, Voight, and others, as well as clips and related archive material, such as Voight's screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which explores the emergence of the film's initial "X" rating and public reaction to the film; and a tribute to the director "Celebrating Schlesinger".
