John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" is perhaps the most notable because he is the only X-rated film in the Academy's history to receive the Best Picture Oscar. That's the first time I've heard about it, and to be honest, I did not expect much from the movie. That does not mean that I thought it was awful, but somehow I did not think it was a movie I would like to see. This is one reason why you should never trust your own instincts this way. A remarkable combination of outstanding acting, ambitious directing and a memorable soundtrack ("All Speak, I Hear No Word They Say") make this movie one of the most beautiful explorations of life, naivety and friendship ever <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then newcomer Jon Voight), proudly disguised as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to seek a new life as a hustler, male prostitute but unwilling to pay money for his services, and Joe lives in extreme poverty as his cash supply comes to an end, during which Joe Enrico meets "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly cheater who initially tries To free Joe from all his money, when Ratso realizes that they are both in the same predicament, Ratso Joe offers a place to stay, and together they try, in the cold, dirt New York City (largely dishonest) living a life for itself /> Joe had convinced himself that New York women were more than willing to pay for sex; His first business, however, ends with his paying $ 20 to the wife (Sylvia Miles). Although he thinks he is intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful limp and cough, always assures that if he could only travel to the warmth of Miami, somehow everything would be fine. This misunderstood expectation that things will improve so easily is reminiscent of Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's classic novel "Of Mice and Men." <br /> <br /> Filmed on the streets of New York, "Midnight Cowboy" is a pretty realistic view of life in the slums. When we look at the movie, we can almost feel in Ratso's poor, unheated place of residence, our joints are stiff from the aching winter cold. The spectacle undoubtedly contributes to this ultra-realistic character, with both Voight and Hoffman masterfully representing the two decadent remains of modern society. In particular, Hoffman is exceptional in his role (I'm going here, I'm going here! ") And manage not to call himself typed after his acclaimed debut in 1967" The Graduate. "Both stars were later named the Best Actor Oscars nominated (also nominated for acting - was Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that could not last more than five minutes), though both had ultimately lost in 'True' to John Wayne Scattering. ' "Midnight Cowboy" won three Oscars out of seven nominations, including Best Picture for Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mostly told linearly, although there are many flashbacks, which point to Joe's past: Instead of explicitly explaining what these short excerpts are, the audience is asked to think for themselves and how these circumstances could lead Joe on the path he is following now The final scene leaves a glimmer of hope, but great uncertainty: The "Midnight Cowboy", which is thought-provoking and very intriguing, is one for eternity.
