"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic as soon as its haunting theme song "Everybody's Talking" starts with the soundtrack (not actually written for the movie) and how the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (naked and under the shower). We had seen Jon Voight before, but never really noticed him, but when he tells us he is a hellbull, who will doubt him? This was a great achievement, with both iconic star status and a complete overview of the character. If Voight had never done anything else, his imagination would still be legendary here. As it is, Voight has rarely disappointed on the screen; Even a piece of ham that has been cured as well as its performance in this splendid garbage "Anaconda" is a source of pleasure. The movie became famous and notorious almost overnight. It was a crowd pleaser (even with a downbeat ending), funny and sexy and recognizable 'real'; (It was the end of the sixties and all characters sounded true). It was also the first "X" film to win the Oscar for Best Picture of the Year. Adapted from a novel by James Leo Herlihy (brilliantly) by Waldo Salt, it was probably the first commercial American feature film to deal with 'taboo' topics such as homosexuality and drug use. Everyone is recognizably human, warts and all, and everyone is treated compassionately. Joe Buck of Voight is an innocent foreigner, a Candide who comes to New York to seek his fortune as a hustler (a job he considers glamorous and not dodgy, he's a hybrid of a gigolo and a social worker) , However, when he is kicked by a ratty, angry little man named Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he's a revelation), he realizes that reality may be a little different from the whistle - Dream. <br /> <br /> Essentially, it is a male love story (albeit completely platonic) between these two not unlikely bedfellows. Both are completely alone, both in need, both becoming the protector of the other (Voight with his physical abilities, Hoffman with his taut fate). They are a long way from the mainstream, tolerating their own peculiarities and the divergences of others. Although "straight" Voight is not beyond a homosexual encounter in a 42nd street movie, with a boy who is even more lonely than himself. (The entire movie has a strangely 'Christian' attitude). <br /> <br /> It did a great job as well. While Voight and Hoffman are holding the screen all over the room, there are great vignettes by Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban, and Bernard Hughes as diverse clients and walk-in, beautifully demarcated little character studies that seemingly transcend acting. while John Schlesinger's directing gives the film the feel of a documentary and the totally detached view of an alien on the American lower abdomen, without revenge and without criticism. In short, maybe it's a great movie.
