Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic does not always convince the imagination. We all know that killers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to endure the pain they are doing and still have to live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to persecute people and eat their brains. And let's hope that at least some people know that unaffordable crime is not committed when you enter places like fun houses and old mansions. Here the fantasy wins over the facts. Horror and most films in general require that we suspend our disbelief for a few hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I see watching balls jumping off the balls at George C. Scott, or when I see an unseen force pursuing three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. However, what I have about the digestive problem (without vomiting again) is when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. To give away who the killer is would actually be a huge spoiler and would be fun for anyone to look at, but suffice to say that I enjoyed this movie until the final scene when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the movie that stand out as the killer is who he is. But the last 90 minutes before this point is a well-made, thrilling, blood-soaked movie directed by John Hough with verve and skill. If the movie had offered me another murderer, I would be thrilled. This may sound like a completely new reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, anyone who has seen the movie is almost certain to agree with me. John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully played by Erin Flannery) recently moved to this little New England town. Cordell is a young widow and it is unclear how his wife died. We see several Flashback scenes in which a mysterious woman (one can only assume that he is his wife) lies on the floor during a heavy downpour. Her face is bloody and her eyes are closed. I'm not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has for the story, but she's still there. Cassevetes, it must be mentioned, is weird to say the least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be more than just parental. There are some scenes that suggest incestuous possibilities. It never comes to fruition, but it just seems to be almighty, but somewhere right under the proverbial carpet. Luckily, the film never really explores this element of the relationship, but it does make you a little uneasy. <br /> <br /> Casevettes looks like a mix between porn actor John Leslie and great James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a male, commanding voice that makes you sit up and take notice. He also looks like he's undressing in every scene during a business lunch. He has only this slimy, insincere, phlegmatic and uncomfortable way. He never looks like you can trust him in this movie. I think that's thanks to the writers, the director and Cassevete himself. There was always something that bothered me from the beginning on his character. <br /> <br /> The story begins well, as two lovers would swim in the local quarry. Nearby, there is a shaky old shed, and as we can see, something or someone is watching them. As the young man briefly disappears to fetch something from the truck, the young woman wanders into the shed just to play a joke. As soon as she is there, she is attacked. The young man rushes to the shed to find her, and he is impaled with a board and a nail. Hough prepares us for the profit zone when the young man comes in. He looks around the room frantically and discovers his potential lover bleeding in the corner. It's a very tense moment and the movie starts with the right tone. <br /> <br /> A new man named Tim, who seems to have weird dreams of a faceless man, is also being introduced to the confused couple's wife, who is shackled in a torture chamber surrounded by men whose faces are with covered in a coat. Tim seems to believe that his dreams have something to do with the murders, because every time a murder occurs, he has another dream. Throw a calm and murky grandmother, a gifted reporter and a strong, yet indigenous sheriff, and you have all the ingredients to create the benefits of an imbroglio in the small town of Galen. More people are being massacred, but most of the time, the men will be with you Slaughtered extreme prejudices and raped the women. This is my first weak (and cautious) attempt to tell you that I am not convinced of the solution. It just did not hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> The Incubus is a successful movie. It's tense, tight and even most performances are very well done. I was intrigued by the dreams Tim had, and I really wanted to find out what meaning they had for the story and ultimately for the killings. But if you go through everything that was good in the movie, you still have that bitter taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - This could have been a nine. Too bad.
