If you ever have the opportunity to see Sandra Bernhard in person, you should go ahead. I saw her in Los Angeles at the opening of her Everything Bad and Beautiful tour last year, and I still can not believe I was in the front row and lucky enough to see such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with the show and coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner "Without You I'm Nothing". We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce and Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand keeps looking around, but Sandra more than makes up for where Babs ends. Okay, I would like to know, Mrs. Bernhard is a little bit of these influential entertainers and more. I really wanted to push this movie because it's meant to produce honesty, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (by Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a script that defines decadence, joy, sorrow, ups and downs of the 70s and 80s. I think many (and I mean, MANY) comics have been raised, stolen alright, so much from this series, if not from Sandra herself. I will not name her, but come on, people, you and I know , who they are. The thing is, Bernhard plays according to its own rules. This movie, as well as her live performances, shows that she is a performer who has remained faithful to the old school of show business and is progressing. Their performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (in the days of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), TV shows of the 70s, intimate cabaret acts and concerts reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch where Sandra is coming from or where she is going. So, here I was a year ago and saw Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater in total awe and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that meant something to me that would hopefully mean something to her. But I listen to my edition of Giving Til It Hurts and just thank her in a prayer that she makes me laugh, makes me think and makes me FEEL. You can not deny this woman's presence, and you certainly can not deny the talent that is currently storming the stage. It's still here, dammit, even after the release of Without You I'm Nothing about 15 years ago. And she looks great, by the way. I know this first-hand when a spectator left the theater when he said to another, "She's SO FUNNY ... and she still looks amazing. If you can not live it yet, have a look I hope that Sandra will see that, you have meant a lot to me, have taken me through some hard, crazy times, if you can send me an e-mail please, if not, if you know that you still kick it out and will continue to do so is enough for me, come on, guys, give it up for the lady !!!!
