Chicago-based Louis Creed is moving to a large house near a small town because he will be teaching at the University of Maine. With him are his wife Rachel and her two children Ellie and Gage and Ellie's cat Church. Soon they met their new neighbor and the old man named Judd Crandall.Judd not only warned Louis and Rachel of the danger of the highway passing by their house (which is constantly being driven by big trucks), but also shows a pet cemetery on family, which is near her house. Judd begins to talk about the significance of the animal cemetery, but Rachel refuses to talk about death and spirituality with her children because she has traumas from the death of her sister Zelda. In the first week of The New House of the Family, Louis already has dead people to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was fatally injured in a car accident, addresses his last words to Louis personally, even though the two men are strangers. On the night after Pascow's death, Louis experiences what he believes to be a very vivid dream, in which he meets Pascow, who leads him to the animal cemetery and warns Louis "not to go beyond it, no matter how much you feel." Louis wakes up in bed the next morning and convinces that it was just a dream until he spotted his feet and the bedclothes covered with dirt and pine needles. Anyhow, he dismisses the dream. Many strange things happen, and Church, Ellie's cat, dies on the highway while walking. Louis remains concerned about how he will talk to Ellie about Church's death, but Judd takes Jud with sympathy and brings Louis to the Animal Cemetery, allegedly to bury Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud Louis continues on a fearsome journey to the "real cemetery": an ancient burial site once used by the Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There, Louis buries the cat on the orders of Jud, where Jud says that buried animals have come to life again. And this is where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, I find this film very good. It's not the worst of them all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've seen. The way Gage dies is almost impossible to remember, especially as a toddler. It's cool to see Stephen King's cameo as a funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course there are some script errors: How can a wealthy doctor live with two young children in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How did Gage have any scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis always wake up every member of his family to the knowledge that they will all be like monsters? Such things do not make sense, but I can understand that all horror scripts must have surreal ideas to work. <br /> <br /> One good thing I've seen in this movie is the need to talk about death with the kids, no matter what religion you have or if you are an atheist, and that too avoiding important issues nothing helps. Because Louis was afraid of being honest with Ellie, confronting her and saying that her cat would not be back, the nightmare began.
