The Pet Sematary Trivia section mentions that George Romero (director of two Stephen King stories, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was directed and then pulled out. One wonders what he would have brought to the film, as director Mary Lambert, although not really a bad director, does not really bring much ingenuity to this filming of King's novel he wrote the screenplay of. Of course, there are some very effective, grotesquely surreal scenes (mainly with sister Zelda, which is rather creeping for kids when they see the movie), and casting in some roles is absolutely perfect. But sometimes something feels, a style that could correspond to the unmistakable, royal atmosphere, which in this case is as morbid as it will not get without incest cannibals throwing themselves out of the graves (who knows) he wants to pick this up for his last novel ...) As mentioned earlier, part of the casting is terrific, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, the little boy who goes from the movie's cutest little one Kids on this side of a horror movie of the 80s, being a little monster (of course I say that as a compliment, especially in scenes that swing a particular scalpel). And there's also a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of The Munsters, who plays this old, mysterious man with the right notes of underplay and doom in the sound. And applause goes out to everyone who made make-up on Andrew Hubatsek. However, there are some other shortcomings in the other casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not great, as the recalcitrant, distraught dad, Creed, and his daughter Ellie are played by an actress who just did not work for me. <br /> <br /> A couple of cool sets in terms of lineup, only a few are truly outstanding: a moment when the action is thickened (not to spoil, since it's a cool Ramones song) ), and the first visit of the Petatatary (the larger one), including the kind of mystical overtones that King had in shining. Mostly it's a very sophisticated director, though it might be darker to correspond with the script. In logical terms (though in King terms) thought through, it is really one of his most effective works of the time. But it does not add up as it could or should. Nevertheless, it makes a small little midnight movie.
