"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of the eponymous novel by Stephen King. The story follows the creeds - a bourgeois family from America who moves to a house outside the country. The family consists of Louis and Rachel and their two young children, Ellie and her toddler, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but friendly old man, Jud, who lives across the street. He leads them down an old path into the forest, where there is an animal cemetery - filled with a variety of animal graves. And just beyond lies a sacred Indian burial ground that seems to possess a strange power. When the family cat Church is killed, Louis sees fit to bury him in the animal cemetery - and strangely, Church returns to life after a short time. But now there is something bad about him, he is not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident suffers the life of young Gage, Louis decides to use the same concept, hoping to revive his dead son ... Unfortunately, he gets more than he expected. After reading Stephen's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Not to say that the movie is bad because it is not - the book is just a little bit better. The true strength of this film lies in its history, which is both bizarre and extremely original. The script is very well adapted to the story, and although slightly different in some aspects, it is a pretty good page-to-screen transformation. Here and there are a few action holes, but nothing big. Besides, this movie is pretty scary and succeeds in doing this. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the movie, and I have to say that the flashback of Rachel's sister Zelda is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not bloody and bloody, it's just pathological. One thing is certain, this picture will not leave your head so fast. <br /> <br /> The performances in this film were all very up to date and I really had no problems there. This movie is actually on the bloody side, there are many unsightly little sequences to satisfy all the breeding dogs, including the shock of an end. I really liked the way they finished the movie, it was abrupt and a little indecisive, but it worked better with everything that was considered. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie I recommend to all those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. History is the biggest asset of the film and also a scary one. One of the better adjustments of Stephen King, I would say. 10.7.
