The title has many meanings - the boxing ring, where differences and discomforts are played out, a wedding ring in which Mabel feels trapped and Jack thinks his troubles are over and the cause of the problem is an annular bracelet, Bill Mabel gives as a love note. <br /> <br /> Former professional boxer Carl Brisson was featured in "The Ring" in films by Alfred Hitchcock. A very young Ian Hunter, who had a long film career behind him, plays Bob Corby, who attracts the attention of pretty girl Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) at a fair. She's engaged to "One Round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson), but that does not stop her from flirting with Bob. Bob is persuaded to "go round with Jack". He walks several laps and wins - he's a professional boxer and he and his manager come to the fair to find out if Jack is as good a fighter as they've heard. He volunteers to accept Jack, and Jack, along with his unfriendly coach (the great Gordon Harker), sets off to earn his fortune with the plans to marry Mabel if he does well. Jack wins his fight and marries Mabel the next day, but the deep attraction she and Bob feel for themselves is still there. Jack is suspicious and puts everything into his training so he can fight Bob for his wife. Finally a boxing movie in which the hero does not get out of hand - Bob behaves and does everything he can to be a champion - if only Mabel had acted that way !!! She left him for Bob - and the fight at the end is a tremendous one. It is extremely realistic - it takes the last 20 minutes of the film. Jack is rough and enthusiastic, he's almost knocked out - then reunited between Munden and Mabel, he gives the courage to triumph. The question is, why should he even have her back - from the beginning she did not think to start an affair with Bob - why should not she do it again? <br /> <br /> The film is full of symbolism. Jack, who shakes hands with the organizer, moves to Mabel's hands and accepts a bracelet from Bob. As Jack lays the ring on Mabel's finger, Bob's bracelet slides down her arm. In the end, Jack sees Mabel's reflection in a bucket of water on the ring, which gives him the confidence to keep going. This is an excellent movie that will not disappoint. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
