Sometimes I'm tired of reading reviews of some lesser-known Hitchcock films, because almost everyone starts by saying that this movie is grossly overlooked, or that this is a hidden gem from Hitchcock or a true Hitchcock classic, if - only - people - would - see - that - they - would - see - that - is - a - great - Hitchcock - movie - same - much - like - Vertigo - North - by - Northwest - Psycho - Rear - Window - So I just want to say if - only - people - would see - this - they would - see - that - that - is - a - great - Hitchcock movie - just as much as - as - much - as - Vertigo - North - By - Northwest - Psycho - Rear - Window - etc. <br /> <br /> Well, that may be a little overshoot, the ring is not of the imagination in the same league as the above mentioned movies, but in comparison to the other films that Hitchcock shot in the late 1920s and early 1930s, I think wi The ring is one of the best-photographed and most-played films. As a brand-new director, there are some amazing dream sequences and brilliant sections of the cut that show why Hitchcock attracted so much attention at the beginning of his career. Admittedly, the movie begins, among other things, with things, the most disturbing spectacle of a black circus idiot (and I definitely use the idiot, as Stephen King does so many times) when he's eating eggs and fruit from a lot of not the class-looking white threw. I suppose this just shows how unbelievable different circuses and people were back then, but I think it's one of the most daunting sequences in any Hitchcock movie I've ever seen. The main attraction at The Circus is a fighter who claims to be able to tear down every man in a round, but when he hits his match, it is against a man who has his authority not only in the boxing ring, but also in the ring around the finger of his Woman challenges. So begins an entertaining, if not very tense, challenge for the love of a woman who effortlessly and thoughtlessly swings from one man to another. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) For example, there's a scene where your husband watches her from the top when she's dropped off at home late at night. Just before she enters the building, she is brought back to the car for a kiss. This kiss is never explained, and there is also the fact that in the end, when she shows allegiance to her husband, or at least chooses to be loyal to her husband, they look into each other's eyes but do not kiss. <br /> <The film is certainly beautifully photographed, even more than several films that Hitch published in the following years. There is also a performance by Gordon Harker as One Round Jack's trainer, who quite often reminds me in his expressionless expressionism of the brilliant Buster Keaton. Hitch leaves it a bit ambiguous, but this is a great sample of his early work.
