The ring was born from the only script written by Hitchcock himself and, like many of his earliest images, deals with a love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a rather cynical update to the infidelity comedy by Cecil B. De Mille, but it's the first truly competent picture of Hitchcock. Even though he did not use the ideas and motives of exciting thrillers yet, he at least developed the tools with which he could create suspense. <br /> <br /> Apart from being a student of the German Expressionist style, the rhythm The style of editing by Sergei Eisenstein had an impact on Hitchcock. But here he keeps not only the pace, but also the content of the pictures. This can be seen in the opening scenes where Spinning Fairground driving produces a quiet pace. And as with Eisenstein, the editing style seems to suggest a sound? For example, when a second-second of the ringing is rung, we almost unconsciously hear the sound, because the picture is so staggering. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially in silent films from the United States The Ring is not littered with too many title cards. As much as possible is conveyed through images, and Hitch has enough confidence in the audience to either read the lips or at least understand the meaning of the main part of the characters. And not by invented symbolism or overreaction, but by the right angles and the right timing, especially in point-of-view shots and some strong but subtle performances. Unfortunately, there are a few too many obvious expressionist remedies (especially double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but there are far fewer of them than in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let us make some honorable mentions to the aforementioned actors. First of all, the amazingly pretty and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role. Despite his talent, I was a bit confused at first why he got the role. Honestly, he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But that just shows how much I know, because Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. His rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who had a long career in supporting roles until the 1960s. The most demanding role in The Ring must be the one that Lillian Hall-Davis gave between two lovers. She does very well with an emotional, unobtrusive performance, and it's a shame her career never lasted in the sound era. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker, in what is probably his best role, offers a strange relief. <br /> <br /> The Ring's climatic battle scene is one of the most impressive moments of the Hitchcock era of the Silent Era. Martin Scorcese may have been watching The Ring as he led the fighting scenes in Raging Bull. His key word for these scenes was "Stay in the Ring". The fight in The Ring starts with fairly regular long strikes, but as the action intensifies, Hitchcock lets us stand in the middle of it, with close-ups and point-of-view shots. Hitchcock's goal had always been to involve his audience, and this was crucial in his later career, as his secret to success was often to immerse the viewer in the character's fear or paranoia. The ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior, but better known The Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional work than the previous picture, and probably the best of its silent features.
