I consider myself the # 1 fan of Hidden Frontier, as I belong to a rather small group of fans who have actually met most of these people - well, of course, without conventions. I've been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001 and I have to say that I'm still impressed by what these guys brought with them. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob Caves and his home-made studio. Areak Pictures, who works from the back room of his house. Though not as "chic" as the TOS-based series New Voyages (which sometimes gets some of the original-actor actors / writers like Walter Koenig aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and the cast and crew of HF create a series that's worth it is to replace the terrible experiment we called "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful story arc was the introduction of Star Trek's first openly gay character, Corey Aster (who was introduced in Season 2) and his search for a soulmate. Somewhere later in the series, he meets Jorian Zen, Excelsior's trill officer. In the last storyline of these two characters (WARNING: IMPORTANT SPOILER! Do not read if you have not seen the series yet!), Zen is associated with an exiled symbiote, which leads to great changes and conflicts in his relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain - since the last episode "Beachhead" was shown in the chatroom to only RF fans last night, I think this relationship will last, but only time will tell. <br /> <br Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that the story goes more from his characters than from eye-catching space battles. Rob Caves has developed Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and that's what makes this series as popular as it is. As mentioned in the previous comment, I wish I could give a rating over 10, but it must be enough. Although the next season will be the last, in the tradition of seven season shows started by Star Trek: The Next Generation, I'd like to bet we'll hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after this final episode.
