As a fan of the author John le Carre, I slowly worked my way through his books and their adaptations. I found this 1987 adaptation of Le Carre's masterpiece in my local library and sat down to see what I would expect. I was surprised to find that my expectations in this miniseries, a subtle blend of spy thriller and human drama, were surpassed. Peter Egan is a great performer as Magnus Pym, the perfect title spy. In the long tradition of the strong protagonists of Le Carre, Pym may also be the best. Egan plays Pym (who actually contains many shades of the author le Carre) as a man who is forced to lie and cheat all his life, sometimes out of circumstances and other times, just to survive, with the result that he becomes "a perfect spy". Egan plays Pym perfectly as a man who is always on the run, if not by others than by himself. Alone Egan makes the approximately six hours of this mini series alone worth seeing because of his performance. Surronding Egan is a fantastic minor cast. Ray McAnally does one of his best as Pym's father-in-law Rick, who (as le Carre said) is heavily based on the author's father. McAnally plays a man who steps in and out of Pym's life and is one of the people responsible for making Pym "a perfect spy." Without McAnally's performance a year after this year's A Very British Coup, this would be the best performance of his sadly short career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as a spy mentor to Rüdiger Weigang as a young friend of Pym, who gave Jane Booker the hand of Pym's wife, the understudy is fantastic. Particularly noteworthy are the three young actors who played the younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who establish the young man who is to become the man to be so well played. From Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the miniseries are also strong. As the mini-series adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, and Smiley's People have proven, these stories can only be told in miniseries format. The locations are excellent, from the UK locations to those scattered throughout Eastern Europe and the US, as well as Chris Edwards' sets. The cinematography of Elmer Cossey adds an extra layer of realism to the world of miniseries. The highlight of the miniseries, however, is really the script. <br /> <br /> Screenwrtier Arthur Hopcraft has made it his mission to adapt the about six hundred page novel perfectly. The novel was largely autobiographical (at least in its early parts), since Pym's early life echoed much of John Le Carre's life. The script for this miniseries is no exception, as it tracks Magnus Pym's evolution from the little boy to the "perfect spy". The miniseries never once deviate from their purpose of narrating a subtle human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If you ever want to prove that a spy thriller can be tense and intriguing without ever having a gun battle, a fist fight, or a James Bond chase, this would be proof. While the mini-series lasts more than six hours, she never wastes a moment and it's all the better for her. <br /> <br /> Although it may be too long for those who do not have very short attention spans, this is worth seeing. From the appearances of Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to fine production and a fine literary script, A Perfect Spy is one of the finest mini-series that can be expected. It is a fascinating journey through the history of the Cold War, but it is more than that. It is also a journey down what John le Carre has called "the secret path": the path of the spy, the man who lies and must cheat to survive. So much a human drama like a spy thriller A Perfect Spy is not to be missed.
