I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored editions) and I will not tire of seeing them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his comrade", which is completely (almost completely) due to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and the occasional lightning in her genital area under the leather flap. Before anyone claims A - It was not really her or B - It was not really what it looks like, let me say that I've seen it in high-zoom mode many times and trust ... it IS She AND she is totally naked under this costume ... several times, especially during the Lion Attack at the end, careful viewing in slow motion and maximum zoom will show that she was shaved except for a tiny patch of dark hair covering her labia. .. There is no mistake at all. The swim scene is a body double in a "skin" suit, yes, it's a double BUT it's NOT wearing a "skin" suit or anything else ... again, slow motion and maximum zoom show everything you want to see Well, that controversy out of the way, let's move on to the actual movie ... I thought the script was really well thought-out and tight-lipped ... The action sequences were just great, though it's obviously a stuntman riding the rhinoceros. Weissmuller actually wrestles the big male lion ... The use of background shots, which were second-unit stuff from Africa, blends very well with the studio and US locations, so sometimes it's hard to say which , But do not complain too much, remember that 90% of all movies are fake anyway. So relax and enjoy the damn thing with a big bowl of popcorn, cold beer and a fresh pack of smoke willing girlfriend / wife is not out of line ... lol. Oh ... One final word on nudity ... at the very beginning, while the white hunters speak dialogues, pay attention to the background extras ... There are some good shots of nude African girls (obviously shot on location) behind them. Something else, the film is not racist by the standards of the 1930s until the 1960s ... so colored people were thought and portrayed at that time. Shaft had not even been given any thought at the time, nor had the audience accepted other depictions of them at the time. In fact, safaris used natives with baggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died a heroic death as he tried to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was not so long before Gene Autry treated the Native Americans and the Westerners like real humans, and Hollywood began to realize that this was fine.
