One of the best Tarzan films is also one of the most action-packed (and most graphic) movies. About a year after Tarzan the Monkey Man, Niel Hamiltons Holt has asked a wealthy friend to fund a movie safari back to the Elephant Cemetery to collect ivory. His boyfriend also arrives wearing dresses and perfumes with which Holt wants to win Jane back from Tarzan. Before they can go, Holt finds his card stolen and it becomes madness to capture a rival expedition. When they finally overcome the thieves, they find the entire party dead and surround themselves. They have no choice but to turn out and soon find out that they are going out of the pan into the fire. Eventually, Tarzan and Jane turn up and everyone is on more adventures. Infamous Film has been heavily censored to reduce graphic violence (its graphics even by today's standards, it would likely receive a PG 13) and to eliminate all signs of nudity (there's a few-minute nude swimsuit on Jane's which is fully frontal in its nudity, has recently been restored). It is clear to see how the restored version of the film has shortened its running time for television by 20 minutes. As it is in its restored version, this is a very adult movie that is romantic, touching, filled with action and everything else that a movie should be. It's an amazing movie of almost every standard. The best part is the kind of movie that is played as well as a stand-alone adventure as well. You do not have to watch the first movie to enjoy it, but also a film that deepens the characters and themes that emerged in this original film. It is an amazing thing. <br /> <br /> I really like this movie a lot. <br /> <br /> If the movie is flawed, maybe it's because the film did not age well. The rear window is often very obvious, for many monkeys there are gorilla suits and some of the other effects look curious rather than convincing. But on almost every other level, this film is first-rate. <br /> <br /> You really owe it to me to see this. Make a large bowl of popcorn and make yourself comfortable on the couch and just drift into a simpler time. This is one of the big adventures.
