Tarzan and his buddy (1934) were the only Tarzan film I did not see as a kid. It sounded boring. Now I have seen it. I have seen the Monkey Man (1932) about a hundred times and keep a copy on my ride. It is a remarkable movie. It is almost flawless. Tarzan and his buddy (1934), however, falter. It is not harmonious and its parts live a life of their own. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great. Big budget expensive. Tarzan himself plays the lead role. Jane dominates. She has developed and has become a jungle girl so sexy that I tend to forget criticism and instead sing her praises. Well. She let her be cheated on by a pot that stole a kiss from her and later had an elephant murdered. She insists that Tarzan wears a bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever. The moment he busied himself with his business in the jungle, the thing would go to pieces. Stupid? Later, someone finds him in the river. Well, it's supposed to prove that Tarzan is dead. A cheap drama. The animals, who have an obvious interest in a dead Tarzan, convince Jane that he is gone. She takes her words for granted and wants to be taken (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how heavy Tarzan is and how hard he is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane leaves. Another pothole. She could easily let the caravan rest for a few hours or more to take a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She could be smart. She was able to dive where they found the floating bracelet and inspect the banks for footprints. She can make fire in 15 seconds and swing in Lianas. Tracing footprints should not be too heavy for Jungle Jane. She could talk to the monkeys and so on. If she came home to England without doing so, she would be unhappy. Jane is smart, but the cheap drama gets her down And why on earth does she let the kiss rapist get through with "I blame myself as much as you". A punishment that she may be fledging? Nonsense. Dispute, a hard punch and telling Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This movie is anything but bad, even though the potholes are many and sometimes deep. Just sit back and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane, for God's sake.
