This grand fantasy is the second in the popular Tarzan series by MGM. I propose to be a first class adventure for many reasons - fine photography, imaginative qualities, a charming cast, good locations in the simulated jungle and a very exciting action. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a monosyllabic, untrained variety that is different from Edgar Rice Burrough's creation. but he is honest, loyal, courageous and very brave, and he must be during this narration. As Jane Parker, his wife, who had been Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively and athletic when the script demands this quality. The effect of the lighting, the spacious and refined sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure shot on the MGM Back-Lot that really works. The fabulous Mutir Escarpment is a remote area where Tarzan and Jane can live undisturbed. But their idyll is filled with people looking for them, emissaries of a civilization that Jane left behind and that Tarzan could not really get used to. One is Harry Holt, who is still in love with her, who makes her and his friend return to civilization with him; she is interested in the robe and the perfumes, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her from several wild animals in scenes that look like a humanized king. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees for reasons of Jane with some big game traps agree. But at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and the achievement of a fortune turns the heads of the expedition. Tarzan is shot, left dead; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the fabulous "Elephant Cemetery". But they find the area guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan rides an elephant, which he revived in time to call him; In a most spectacular elephant-filled scene, he saves Jane and what's left of the expedition, who come home a little richer but wiser as Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was staged by set-design wizard Cedric Gibbons, and he was also very pretty. His work and lighting are the outstanding achievements of this entertaining and exciting movie, which, despite all the Hollywood flaws, seems real from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better than before and after he turns out to be totally bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry complete a small cast very professionally. An unusual and well-made fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue confrontations. Recommended.
