"Tarzan and his comrade," the second image of MGM's Tarzan, takes up a year after the events of "Tarzan the Monkey Man". Tarzan and Jane have lived happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film's expedition members) returns, this time accompanied by the less honorable Martin Arlington, in search of ivory from the Elephant Cemetery. Of course, there are a lot of dangerous and exciting adventures along the way. <br /> <br /> The first film has romanticized everything - the jungle, the adventure, the romance itself, wild animals and even death. The second movie still has a lot of romance and lots of wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone underlies the action. The characters dare to ask questions like: What happens if something happens to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she stranded alone in the middle of the jungle and had to decide for herself? While these are probably the questions that people would face in this situation, this creates some degree of drowsiness that is not always as fun as the throw-caution attitude of the original. <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this Films is the growth we see in the relationship between Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he has learned a few new words from his partner. Moreover, their love for each other has really blossomed, and we feel like they have spent a year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people consider "Tarzan and His Mate" to be "superior" ape man. "Personally, I liked the first movie a little better, the main reason being that the relationship between Harry Holt & Martin Arlington Team is not nearly as sympathetic as the relationship between Holt and James Parker (Jane's father) from the original.The Mr. Arlington character might have worked as a great movie thug, but he plays the hero for far too much of the movie can never decide whether we like him or hate him (Besides, I do not want to reveal anything, but in one of the scenes in which we clearly hate him, Jane never hears of these events, so the end is not quite as satisfying as it could have been.) However, all these critics are relatively insignificant and it's still a great movie. <br /> <br /> Like the first movie, "Tarzan and His Mate" features amazing action scenes, wonderful wildlife films me and one of the big screen romances of all time. If you liked the first movie in the series, this is definitely a sequel.
