The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had the same effect as THE MATRIX or THE LORD OF THE RINGS at a time when film and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, the 'noble savage' every woman dreamed of and every man wished he could be. The only person who was dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, although he had agreed to MGM's creative freedoms and enjoyed his extensive license exams, felt the "rundown" version of his character (with no plans to allow him to) ). was' unfaithful to his vision (he would start a production company and soon make his own 'Tarzan' films). Recognizing the value of his latest "star," MGM knew the sequel would be even more spectacular than the original ... and delivered Tarzan and his buddy! The film had an interesting background story; Cedric Gibbons, MGM's legendary art director, had been promised by the studio before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN to direct the sequel, even though he had never directed before (the studio had not anticipated the effects of the film, and did not think so that a novice director would play a role in a "novelty movie" ... and they wanted to make their Oscar-winning department head happy). Gibbons, an amazingly talented and imaginative visual artist, loved Hollywood's freedom from Hollywood and decided that TARZAN AND HIS ARTISTS would push the envelope to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would go swimming naked and Jane would go through the most of the movie TOPLESS appear. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death in 1998 that a doppelganger was used for swimming, but she trusted the studio and shot "a few days" without being turned upside down. They had a headache and tried Strategically placing plants and fruits to block their nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film that was filmed would be worth a fortune!). She made a nude silhouette in a tent and showed her breasts. After completing her "swim", he put on a reworked "jungle" costume that was extremely provocative, very thin and open at the sides ... and the resulting outcry helping to create the "Hays Office" and self-censorship In the near future, the entire industry would be in it. <br /> <br /> MGM pulled Gibbons out of production (the "official" reason being its workload as Art Director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director to appease the appeasing critic ... though James C. McKay actually filmed the movie since Conway was involved in three other projects, including VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film contained the best elements of the original (safaris, murderous tribes, Tarzan fighting jungle beasts to the death to save Jane), and improved storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to Africa from the first ivory film from 'Elephants' Cemetery' and tries to return Jane to England with gifts of silk dresses, underwear and perfume. He brings along Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a hard hit and a die-hard womanizer who mocks Holt's chivalrous pursuit of Jane and calls her a potential "conquest" by all means (including Tarzan, if and Tarzan hardly tolerates penetration his happy life with Jane and sets foot on the ground and refuses to let the hunters to the graveyard, Arlington finds his opportunity to catch the ape - man alone, shoots him and returns to the camp with a fictional story of his demise Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and she can lead her to the graveyard before her long return to England, comforted by the oh-so-friendly Arlington, but a wild tribe and terrible torture await the group ... Tarzan, the is well-cared for by his monkey family, recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While the footage again embraces The racial stereotypes of the '30s are obvious, and the gorillas are obviously actors in monkey suits. TARZAN AND HIS MATE achieve a level of sophistication unmatched in any other "Tarzan" movie, as well as a sexiness that's even Bo Derek's erotic TARZAN THE APE MAN could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was physically in top form, Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful and "Africa" ​​never looked more romantic and dangerous. <br/> <br /> Tarzan and his partner have been a triumph (though it's going to be drastic) for many years) and remain THE classic of the series to this day!
