This movie is a rip-off of James Cain's novel THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. Obviously, director and producer have never bothered to pay the rights to this story - maybe it was the fact that we were in the middle of fighting Italians in World War II, responsible for forgetting the royalties! Nevertheless, the film is not just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways it is much better and in other cases it is definitely not the case. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this movie are really ugly people. In fact, the male and female lovers look a bit icky. The male leash is quite normal, apart from the lush body hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and the love of his wife, to put it bluntly, unattractive. They are a very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the unfortunate husband is real, really obese, and likes to walk around naked - and Cecil Kellaway, his American counterpart, definitely looks better (and probably better than the other two main Italian characters). And this unattractiveness is usually one of the reasons why I preferred Italian film - since I just could not imagine a finicky "court" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere with Kellaway - I'm 100% sure they had dozens would have better offers! The Italian woman obviously could not have done better, and that made the marriage really credible. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of Italian film comes from the blunt way it deals with sex. The refurbished American movie tries to believe that Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway but never come to sex! That's pretty stupid and totally unrealistic. Apart from the casual sexuality of the movie, it's also casual to show the sweaty side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a fly strip over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to need a bath. <br /> <The movie is also pretty fast compared to the oversized American movie. And what you get from shortly, is not all good. The film lacks much of the style and polish of American film - with grainy footage, relatively poor orchestration and sets. It's certainly not a nice movie, but the neo-realistic style makes the movie look more realistic. However, she can not compensate for the shortcuts in the plot. Many of the plotel elements in the later American version are either completely missing or dubbed. And the end seems far less interesting than American film - and the whole dilemma of human nature is missing when Turner and Garfield line up like rats (the best part of American cinema). <br /> <br /> So what's the better movie? Well, a lot of that probably depends on you. The Warner Brothers movie was just too polished and too unrealistic for me (though many like this style and do not like watching movies with subtitles) - but it ended with a great ending. And the Italian movie was much, much more realistic - to the shitty end that seemed too fast. So none of the movies are that great, but I would give the Italian a little hint as he is a little bit better. It is too bad that they could not combine the best elements of both films into an extraordinary film.
