The murder of Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to create a Broadway play called Machinal. It is well known that James M. Cain inspired two short novels that would be familiar to anyone who has actually reached the point where they read this report - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became movie-noir classics of the 1940s, with Double Indemnity the most perfect noir ever produced. Some of the elements of Snyder Gray's real-life story were captured by Cain - the age and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high sex drive, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair and complicity in the murder and the famous double-clause insurance. Among the missing elements was the fact that the actual setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder was a respected newspaper publisher. The numerous incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored to go hunting. <br /> <br /> Cain's Double Indemnity was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting cases of film science! However, the postman Always Rings Twice was filmed three times and Ossessione, an Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before commenting, I recommend the Lana Turner - John Garfield version of 1946 in its entirety and five minutes of the 1981 version of Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange for the great sex scene at the dining table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as noirischer as the Postman always rings twice. It has a strong neo-realistic look, which makes it a great movie, but lacks many of the essential Noir elements. It does not have unobtrusive lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard-boiled, but the film focuses more on the characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deep into the characterization. It is also much more sexual than the Lana Turner version. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is obviously a nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual overtones. There is also a small but well played role for a dancer posing as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than crime. The audience really has the feeling of poverty and filth. The Drifter is a complete cheater, the woman is not a Lana Turner and may even be a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was great for this movie. My only beef is with the overlong maturity. Everything has gone too far and it would have been more efficient if it had been more economical. Fans of Noir and Realism will definitely like Ossessione, like me.
