With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis may be the first director to successfully bring ancient Greek theater to the screen. His own script, an adaptation of the Euripides tragedy, was anything but easy compared to the other two films in the trilogy he staged. The story was very carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical, strictly chronological framework that better suits the modern methods of film storytelling. Cacoyannis also added a few characters to his film that are not found in the Euripides tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas, and the army. This was done to clarify some of Euripides' points regarding war, church and government. Finally, Cacoyannis 'end of Iphigenia is somewhat ambiguous compared to Euripides'. <br /> <br /> The film was shot on location in Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a rugged but beautiful Greece, where time seems to have stopped since the Homeric days. He exploits the bodies, the dry land, the ruins, the intense light and the darkness. The harshness of the landscape fits in particularly well with the souls of the characters. The camera uses the full range of available footage, from the very long length that amplifies the vastness and desolation of the landscape and the associated human scale, to extreme close-ups that delve deep into the soul of the tormented characters. In particular, the opening of the film, with a bold, accelerated tracking shot along a series of stranded boats, followed by an aerial photograph of the many thousands of soldiers lying listless on the beach, is a very effective way to convey Agamemnon's impressive political and military capabilities Responsibility. <br /> <br /> No word except "sublime" can describe the impressive achievements of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and dads embody the grandeur of the classic Greek tragedy. Kazakos' character is extremely down-to-earth and his powerful look into the camera reveals more than just his words the unbelievable agony that tears his soul apart. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classical Greek plays. In Iphigenia she is terrible in her anxiety, and even more so for what we consider revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the canvas, excels in her portrayal of innocent Iphigenia, which is different from Kazako's stern portrayal of her father Agamemnon. Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his portrayal Of the other characters: Odysseus is a cunning, scheming politician, Achilles, a vain, narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is self-centered, obsessed with his honor, seeking revenge and restoring his wife and his property /> The costumes and sets are realistic: no Hollywood there. Agamemnon's quarters resemble a barn, he dresses like the others in functional, hand-woven, simple costume. Clytemnestra's royal caravan consists of roughly carved wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The music was written by the rich composer of contemporary music Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis' score intensifies the dramatic and cinematic development, reflects the psychological aspect of the tragedy and emphasizes its dimensions and actuality. <br /> <br /> This film and the story that he tells offer a comprehensive insight into the lost world of antiquity. The Greeks believed that this was the melting pot of so much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about us as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism, measured by the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects the vulnerability of women in a world of male violence. In his adaptation of the Euripides tragedy, Cacoyannis addresses all these issues in a modern, clear and dramatic way. The relationships governing the political machinations are clearly shown: war destroys and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can function normally. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor was marred by the release of his own wife and her lover, everyone else has his personal motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon ), Greed (the army, Odysseus) or glory (Achilles). And so Helen literally became the weapon of mass destruction of the Trojan War. The war without Homeric glamor and religious sanctioning was just an imperialist enterprise driven primarily by the desire for material gain, anything but a fitting excuse. <br /> <br /> Another conflict that is raised in the film is between the church and the state. Calchas, who represents the Church, feels the challenge of his priestly authority and wants to annihilate Agamemnon for insulting the goddess he serves, asks him to sacrifice his daughter. By consenting to the sacrifice, the king approaches his moral ruin, but loses his power over the masses (his army) who are brainwashed by religion. Of course it's a game for Agamemnon. The king must join the charade, whether he honestly believes in the gods or not, until he realizes too late that he has seduced himself into a vile filicide. Is it a victim or a victim? Murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? Euripides / Cacoyannis focuses on the violent and primitive horror of a human victim - and especially the sacrifice of his own child - and thus creates a drama that is both profoundly political and painfully personal. It touches upon a very complex and delicate ethical problem that every society faces: the terrible conflict between the needs of individuals and those of society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own child by his own hand. What kind of god would insist on such a payment? Can it be just or moral, even if it is divinely inspired? Is the daughter's death by sacrifice finally different from the deaths of all sons and daughters sent to war? These are many deep questions that a two-hour movie raises.
