Well, I had heard from somewhere that Ossessione is a forerunner of the Italian film genre and in particular my favorite, the "Giallo" is. Apart from the fact that this is a thriller made in Italy; The two have pretty much no relationship. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers claimed to demolish virtually every successful American film. They did not do that here, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the later American film, "The Postman Rings Twice Twice," without giving credit to the author of the book, James M. Cain! Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome drifter who happens to find a café working with a woman named Giovanna Bragana. Soon he learns that she is married to Giuseppe. a big, fat, annoying man whom Giovanna does not like, if he ever touched her. He wants the two to run away together, but she is not so enthusiastic about the idea. However, fate ends, and her plan to have her husband killed is successful ... Despite the fact that the film loses credibility because it does not authenticate the author whose story it is based on, it must Director Luchino Visconti does the movie noir style well, and I even prefer the atmosphere of this movie to the great American Noir classics. The story is extremely strong, as expected, and the Visconti manages to make good performances from his cast. However, Visconti pulls the film out a bit too much and with a running time of almost 135 minutes I felt that the story was too thin to warrant that kind of length. I almost feel guilty when I leveled all this criticism at Ossessione, because it's a good movie, but it's not a "great" movie. The relationship between the two main characters is never really explored properly, and it seems like the film is making it harder to distract us, rather than letting us get into the heads of the characters. The plot is not very puzzling because we always know what's going on and do not always focus on the characters themselves. The movie is not as interesting as it could have been. Still, it makes an interesting point of view and is recommended for that reason ... though not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
