Today's audience is likely to see a movie like Ossessione and not really think about how unprecedented it was when it came out. The structure of the film can really be separated from sap-happy Hollywood conventions as well as other important theatrical elements. It is more dependent on portraying reality in a sombre and sober light. Films of this kind - the neo-realist films - were made to reflect the darkness that was felt during the period after the Second World War. Ossessione deals with some rather provocative themes that were unlikely to be seen on screen before the war, including adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Apart from the one crane recording and certain musical moments, the film's aesthetics are very rough and grumpy The place was filmed using natural light and most likely not popular actors. All these elements helped to convey the problems studied in the film and led to the following theme: negative karmic effects will be persecuted by those who intentionally act immoral. The two main lines "Gino and Giovanna" are polar opposites, but both carry the mentality: we are bored and want to be entertained. Gino is a drifter; a lonely traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife, firmly rooted in family eternity: she does not want to leave her home and her husband, but prefers to stay where she is because it's safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle that Giovanna desires; The only difference is that she is too scared to live it herself. That's why she falls in love with Gino: he represents everything she wants but does not have the courage. She wants to live in a world free from the monotony of living together with her corpulent husband? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The affair most likely between the two made the audience somewhat uncomfortable in the 1940s. I mean, films before the neorealist era have never shown such scandalous behavior on screen. To say the least, it was probably a bit alarming. <br /> <br /> In connection with the theme, the neo-realistic style helps to highlight the negative effects of adulterous behavior. In short, adultery behavior (as shown in the movie) leads to a depressing and ultimately dulled life. When Gino and Giovanna conspire to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, Karma comes to pursue them like a plague after the fact. They return home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as one might expect from the neorealist style). They are not happy; They are actually depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband, they would lead a happier life, but they were deceived. The film ends with Giovanna's death - it is in karmic resemblance to her husband's death. I think that's a very satisfying ending for a variety of reasons. Here is the reason. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of talk about whether the evil should be displayed on screen and if and to what extent. I think that the portrayal of evil is very necessary, and that only if the depicted evil is not glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences evil actions have. As the subtext of Ossessione asks, is adultery and murder evil? I think the movie answers with tension! The adulterous behavior between the two shows how unhappy they are. Ironically, towards the end of the film, when the author seems to be healed of his depression and basking in the car, his happiness is actually a facade: the car crashes off the cliff into the river, killing Giovanna ; the police are arresting Gino. I believe it was the author's intention to say that although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, the karma eventually comes back to persecute them. Exactly. I think they both got what they needed because they were both incredibly selfish. They always wanted instant gratification and did not want to go through hard times. This was particularly evident after the first signs of difficulty Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationship: he can not stand the pressure to live in Giovanna's husband's shadow, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This is typical of the insatiable, hedonistic personality. Overall, the movie was very risky for its time. The audience, however, was ready to see such a movie because the war was so bad. One no longer believed in these happy pre-war films. Cinemagoers were ready to see and watch intricate films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were involved in a so-called "sin" because it reflected their own life problems. Ossessione thus acts as a great catalyst for the future of the film. That is, many of the pieces of naturalism we see today may have been influenced by neorealist film movement.
