Nowadays, when people hear about a drama from the 1940s, they usually seem to distance themselves from irony, claiming it's another tear mower with great stars that lead tragic, melancholy roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble the neorealistic films, especially that of Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE, once debuted as almost a realistic masterpiece and once appreciated, is still loved by some and critically criticized by others. The contradictory opinions about the film that have arisen in these 65 years seem to be due to the content of the film itself, which is extremely controversial for both the modern and the past. While based on the novel by James M. Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWO RINGS, this is one of the most authentic screen customizations in which the director retains his own style, his own art, his own style. I have seen the film twice, and the second consideration led me to a very detailed analysis, which I would like to do below. <br /> <br /> First, Visconti's film seems to touch all psychology and actions that people can do in life, especially those that are absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions, despite the terrible consequences they have to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) a traveler with "bear-like shoulders" appears at the intersection of a highway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there to eat something, Gino wants to get something - much more: the indefatigable desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a woman who is already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa)). Her body and song have all his mind, and from the moment of their first love, the couple plans to remove the old obstacle and build a new life together. However, are people in the face of longing associated with wrong deeds? Can you build love on murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does the desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even an obsession? Such questions arise when watching the film intensely, if the viewer is basically taught an insight into the characters. "We must love each other lovingly," replies Giovanna, who seems to be giving a cure to every weeping conscience, but can the desiring love justify and heal everything? "Is not that what we both wanted," says one of the couples ... it happens that it is not. Therefore, the content of the film seems very dangerous if it is not analyzed with reason and heart. Nevertheless, it always remains thought provoking. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong attitude that speaks to modern audiences: brilliant moments and wonderful cinematography, combined with memorable sequences and visual power. These make it clear to a modern-day viewer that a movie shot almost 70 years ago is absolutely entertaining. They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical images. Who can possibly miss this moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), a dancer Anita and buys her ice cream. His wishes show him a completely different direction ... Are the spectators at the first meeting of Gino-Giovanna indifferent? The camera's first focus is on Giovanna's legs, which seem to portray carnal desires about the love Gino experiences. A splash miracle is that Gino and Giovanna leave the exam room and the close-up of their shadows, which draw our attention to their suspicious gaze. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can provide the understudy for both the leading couple and the two outstanding performers. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working in this film was one of the hardest jobs he had ever done; What comes out, however, is error-free trading. He portrays a bisexual man, who is torn in desires and commits a crime, but can not endure objects that remind him of his victim, who represents his conscience. His bisexuality is made clear by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in surprising circumstances on the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who has been cast as a cast member after the famed Anna Magnani rejected, fits in very well with this role, and we can assert that there is a real chemistry between the two. They are both very convincing. In addition, I like Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: he portrays an old husband who is not tender to his wife and is still crazy about high art. In some of his funniest moments, he asks his wife to wash their backs or walk the empty streets to sing their favorite songs in a kind of karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, as modern viewers are able to see critically, this film must be viewed very objectively. It's certainly art thanks to the above aspects, it's also a powerful story thanks to the controversy it carries; is it instructive? Visconti was not Fellini, who said he had not sent a message to humanity. In that case, his films would only entertain (which, of course, is not exclusively Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to convey. What did he want to say here? Is the movie against bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of people who are absorbed by desire? The last shocking moments speak for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderfully realistic movie, one of Visconti's best 8/10
