A deplorable social situation triggers the disaster: An impoverished Giovanna has landed in the gutter, but still has an ace up his sleeve: beauty and youth. Bragana, a stingy-bellied tenant who has known for years, picks her off the street and offers her bed and home along with his awkward affection. The physical contact with which Giovanna is now exposed only gives her feelings of disgust, and consequently she does not see any benefactor in him, but a tormenting person she must get rid of. The arrival of Gino, a young migrant worker, finally offers her the desired opportunity. And you do not have to ask her twice: even at the first meeting she gives him the feeling of being physically wanted, and a little later she lets him seduce, without resisting. <br /> <br /> However, the development partnership must submit to the strict rules of Giovanna. Gino's yearning for freedom is suppressed, his desire to leave Giovanna with the place and start a new life away from fat is pushed aside. Giovanna aims at another goal: to kill Bragana, to inherit and in addition to raise the insurance premium. In her hands, Gino degenerates into a sacrificial tool. Since he is completely at the mercy of this woman, he transforms into a cold-blooded murderer. <br /> <br /> Unlike Giovanna, however, he questions the crime committed on a moral level. The takeover of Bragana's Place, which includes sleeping a dead man in bed, causes a profound disgust. And later, after hearing of the imminent payment of insurance money and seeming to see through Giovanna's elaborate plan, he also separates from his lover and finds comfort in the arms of a prostitute. If Visconti's film came to an end at this point, he could easily judgmental portrait of a cool, calculating and unscrupulous woman with a touch of social criticism. But the last sequences break this carefully constructed construct of ideas. Finally, Giovanna is remorseful for what she has done, and through the uncompromising revelation of her innermost feelings, she manages to rekindle Gino's love. Her violent death through an absurd traffic accident not only helplessly subjected him to an arbitrary fate. It also affects us as we realize that none of the characters involved must be blamed for their disaster. The culprit is only the state of a society that determines the path of the individual from the beginning in an unchangeable way. <br /> <br />
