Ossessione, easily adapted (or if it's that laid back or close to the version I can ring twice from James M. Cain's "The Postman" with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure) is the first director Luchino Visconti unconvinced less outstanding in the use of scene, music (both diegetics and non-diegetics) and acting. I did not know what Visconti had to expect in his approach to the material after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations made a difference. However, this is a character-based and emotion-based drama bordering on melodrama (but without the conventions that restrict the smaller ones), and with the style on the best path of the emerging film noir movement, Visconti makes a haunting debut as well every other neorealistic movie. By the way, neo-realism could justifiably be claimed as a forefather (along with De Sica's The Children Who Watch Us), who would take shape after the war. Although love and romance are more at stake here than in some of the more well-known neo-realist aspirations, it is treated in a narrative manner, and it is paired with other well-known themes of neorealism (the lower class, death), despair). <br /> <br /> Apart from the story simply described on this site, the artistry with which Visconti captures the images and then overlays them with objects (a scarf over Gino Costa's profile) (in debt), shadows and darkness, which tend to overcome many of the film's later scenes (mostly about Gian and Giovanna), and the feeling of Italian streets in many outdoor scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would target some of Rossellini and Fellini's films) help to imagine the look of Ossessione, which usually moves in a character, and then so much emotion on their faces, voices, and lovable manners reads ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I just scratched the surface just how effective it was that the movie took me with it, even though I was afraid of the future of the two leads. The two main roles (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) all show compelling, truthful and almost operational emotions, and the main supporting actors are also without their characteristics. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant, devastating adaptation, and it's a striking indication of what Visconti should get in his career.
