The reputation of "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still an impressive experience, especially for those who are interested in film history and, in particular, how Italian filmmakers have forever changed the films (such as " Ossessione "and" I Bambini Ci "by De Sica) Guardano", both 1943, up to 20 years later at Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini.) Visconti makes an astonishing directorial debut by recording the (uncredited) plot of "The Postman Always Rings Twice "was used as a guide to developing his own themes. <br /> <br /> It still takes us one step ahead of" Ossessione. "It was filmed in fascist Italy during the Second World War (think about it !!) and showed scenes and themes that immediately banished the movie from the cinemas - and the fact that he used the plot of a famous American novel and did not pay copyright not helped <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" reveals the paltry war-time of Italy (far from the idealized Italy depicted in fascist "Telefoni Bianchi" films); But it's also extremely daring in its sexual openness, with a shirtless guy Gino (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Brandos Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire") and Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman just 5 minutes after her first Appearance brought to bed meeting. We see Calamai's unglamorous, factual undressing and the subtle but indisputable homosexual allusions between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very handsome actor whose face is no different from Pierre Clémentis, who was shot dead by the Nazis in 1945 years old! In a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as relentlessly as it had seldom been shown in Italian cinema before. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was described as scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save some pressure, and when the film was re-released after the war, most of the critics called him the front runner of the neorealist movement, which was preceded by Rossellini's "Roma Citta Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià". Some other critics may have considered "Ossessione" to be the Italian counterpart to the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti was Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné's "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève" , and Julien Duvivier's "Pépé le Moko". <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" can be neorealistic in its imagery (portrayal of war life in Italy with popular masses, poverty, child labor, prostitution, bums, cheaters, etc.), the characters and motifs were already clearly Viscontian. He became more and more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elites as realistic characters and "everyday" topics favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we find elements of drama and tragedy that were later developed in many of his films, notably "Senso" (Visconti's final departure from neorealist aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... even in his " Neo "- Realistic film" La Terra Trema ", he lets his fishermen rise from everyday figures to mythological figures. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a great opportunity to validate the theory of great artists. The body of work approaches, analyzes and develops certain themes and concerns over and over again, from the first to the last, regardless of whether or not they are Scenery, background or time setting change. Visconti may play with the frame, but the themes and essence of his art is probably obsessive. "Ossessione" is not to be missed: this groundbreaking, powerful film will surely fascinate you.
