Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries. The great Italian directors of the 1940s and 50s were men who understood the medium, but it was Luchino Visconti, a man of vision who dared to bring a movie to show what he can do. He reveals his genius early in his notable career with "Ossessione," a film based on James Cain's "The Postman Always Ring Twice," later made by Hollywood, but this version fades in comparison to what Visconti was in Movie has reached. Luchino Visconti and his staff on the silver screen included an unrelated Alberto Moravia, a man who knew the impact of passion on man. <br /> <br /> The movie is well preserved in the DVD format we recently viewed. The film is a must for serious movie fans, as we can see Visconti's vision translating the text into a movie that sounds plausible, something the American version lacks. <br /> <br /> What comes when watching the movie on film is the intensity that the director got from his main actors. The gorgeous Clara Calamai does amazing work as Giovanna, the wife who married an older man, but when Gino shows up in her life, she only wants to free the kind man who gave her a chance in life. Giovanna is one of the best creations of Ms. Calamai in Italian cinema. The final sequence of the film shows Mrs. Calamai at her best in the ironic phrase that serves as a moral salvation for the monstrous crime that was committed. Massimo Girotti, one of the best actors, is also distinguished by his generation, acting as Gino, the man who awakens the obsessive passion in Giovanna. Gino is the perfect man for Giovanna, something that Mr. Girotti projects with such lightness and sophistication that has not been achieved on screen. Mr. Girotti lets the man come to life in a performance that seems so easy, but perhaps it was not so obvious to another actor. Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe, the older man who fell in love with Giovanna. In fact, his character sounds more like his counterpart in American film, where he is more likely to be seen as a buffoon. <br /> <br /> The film is beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti. They gave the film a naturalistic look, as preferred by the Italian directors of this era. The original music by Giuseppe Rosati is perfect. Visconti, a man who loved the opera and was one of the best directors, also contains arias by Bizet and Verdi that fit well in the context of the film. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a movie that we especially appreciate seeing a tall Luchino Visconti at the top of his form.
