Ossessione, Visconti's first feature, is an adaptation of James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice. Well, I do not know the book and the other movie versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I'm a fan of Billy Wilder's movie version of it). The two novellas seem to be very similar. Both are an unauthorized love affair in which a gluttonous woman complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and mean to them. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, who was played very well by Clara Calamai, did not incarnate like the woman in Double Indemnity, but she seems very spoiled. Her husband (a great act by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she seems to me at least as uncompromising with him. He's older than her and unsightly, so she's rather fickle. When Gino, a young, muscular man, appears, it takes about five minutes to get him to bed. She sweats that she wants to be with him forever, but she stays with her husband. They separate first, but when they meet again, they plan (apparently, though deliberately vague) to assassinate the husband. They succeed and move back to the woman's hometown to run her husband's bar. Gino is not enthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he certainly does not want is for him to stay in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship is crumbling fast. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it's a bit too long. With two hours and twenty-two minutes I can not figure out how long it took! This is partly due to the neorealistic style that Visconti invented in this film. After all, it was the first movie to win this label. We see that many actions take longer than in real life without reaching the next plot point. I've seen a lot of Visconti films, and the only one I like better than this one is Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction is bigger than ever, the camera moves brilliantly and the cut is perfect. I also feel the need to point out the best performance of the film, by Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita, who meets Gino after trying to break away from Giovanna. She is only five or six minutes in the film and has only a few lines. It is shocking how much Visconti and Christiani can do with this figure in such a short time. She is absolutely heartbreaking. 10.9.
