Fate / Stay Night is an animated series inspired by a h game. Somehow, the producers turned it around and made this series a successful series without h-stuff. It could not have been otherwise, because the character development is great, just as it is depicted in this series, and any change in attitude could only ruin perfection. (You'll understand when you see all the episodes.) <BR> <br /> Despite a relatively slow start (the producer took time to present the characters), things quickly gain momentum and soon after In the middle of the series, the action gets so intense that you stick to your place /> The theme of the series focuses on the war of the Holy Grail, which has been taking place in the city of Fukuky for 50 years. The pilot is actually starting to complete the previous war and evolving from then on. Shiro is the only survivor of the fire that broke out during the last battle and covered much of the city. He involuntarily shows a fight between two servants who triggers his Reiju (Holy Sign) to summon one of the most powerful servants of the battlefield Saber. His first contact with Saber astonished him: "So immense beauty ... I was speechless". <br /> <br /> You must not compare this series with other series to fully understand their presentation. FSN offers much more than a few cool sword fights, good animations, spectacular lights, great soundtrack, great character and relationship development. It represents the changes that take place within the characters' characters when the events fail. The action reveals credible dynamic patterns of emotions and behavior of individuals (not similar to the linear type that other series use) that constantly shape their personality to show flawed characters under the mask of perfection. <br /> <br /> The Saber character is bound to a medieval legend that was adapted to this series and should be accepted as such. You should not watch as FSN does not confront the viewer with the historical fact. Keep in mind that this is an adventure / fantasy series and not a documentary, and enjoy it for as long as you can. The end is sudden and unexpected, and if there were twice as many episodes, I would have watched them in the same breath.
