Normally, I'm not forced to write a review for a movie, but the only commentary on this film so far is rather unfair so I think it's necessary to share my opinion. <br /> <br /> "Krisana" (or as it was called in the theater entitled "Fallen") follows Matiss, a lonely Latvian archivist, while trying to find out about a woman he does not know from a bridge wanted to jump their reasons. This is the plot in a nutshell, but this film is not about history, but about the guilt of a man who did not act. Like a detective investigating the incident, telling him, we usually do not care about the anonymous faces that we face every day until they die. Comparisons with Michaelango Antonioni and his "Blowup" are most likely abound in any criticism you have read about "Krisana". The influence of Antonioni's philosophical and rigorous style and the story of "Blowup" are clear and, indeed, writer / director Fred Kelemen takes an obvious hint at this film in scenes where Matiss tries to get to know the woman, that of the woman jumped Bridge or at least whom he believes. <br /> <br /> The only other person who shares his or her views about the film is detrimental to the look and tone of the movie. He or she neglects to consider the budgetary constraints of an existential Latvian film, but the atmospheric black-and-white camera and the surround sound artistically manage to portray the loneliness of Matiss. The background noise of wind and road noise gives an ominous aura, reminiscent of a Fellini movie, whether this was Kelemen's intention or not. The filmmakers undoubtedly had little money, but this limitation is exploited to the benefit of the film. <br /> <br /> "Krisana" succeeds as a character study with enough humor to prevent it from becoming too selfish. It could easily have fallen into the traps of a mystery story, but avoids it and becomes an intelligent film about loneliness and guilt. If you are more concerned with the plot, you can frustrate this movie and its ending. Otherwise, take the time to deal with it. It's worth a search.
