CitizenX (1995) is the answer from developing countries to Silence of the Lambs. Where "silence" terrorized our peace of mind, exhausted and sad instead "citizen". This dramatization of the Chikatilo case can be implemented quite well thanks to a westernized friendship between two equal Rostov policemen. CitizenX argues against the death penalty (!) Far better than Kevin Spacey's The Life of David Gayle (2002). Humans are Machiavellian mammals under which limbic brains lie (lizard logic). Why did two children who knew better, a toddler who kidnapped them, have died to death? Why do bloodthirsty women shout "li-lilililililii" in OBSCENE terrorism? My own term for this is "limbic dominance", the urge of the lizard to control an "enemy". If you have the words "enemy" / "revenge" in your vocabulary, you are easily able to control "limbic dominance". <br /> <br /> In the Rostov of the eighties destroyed by the Second World War (at the mouth of the river Don) (near the Black Sea), Andrei Chikatilo's urge for "limbic domination" did not overwhelm his layers of civilization , The simple victims of Chikatilo (Jeffrey DeMunn) were children, most of them children who traveled for fun with the Interurban Train because they could not afford anything else. CitizenX reminds us of the rejection of a rampant Soviet The bureaucracy cost 52 such "lambs" their lives. Rostov's serial killer went FREE for almost seven years after the police were arrested and let him go. The politicization of crime is harmful to the police everywhere. Although policing around the world regularly suffers from corruption, in the West, politicians' electoral voices can lead to chronic rivalries between the authorities that prevent a more coordinated response to crime. In CitizenX's Soviet Union, however, the killing department of Viktor Burakov (Stephen Rea) suffered from a repressive bureaucracy. Geoffrey DeMunn plays the psychosexually inappropriate Chikatilo with flawless, but undervalued authority point of utter obscurity. Even in real life, Chikatilo had the experience of his life interfering and avoiding capture. His pursuer, on the other hand, is a strange bird exposed to uncalculated, naïve outbreaks. Stephen Rea, forensics chief Burakov, may make a very strange performance. The Russian accent of Rea is impenetrable. and his Burakov is humorless and sullen, in contradiction to all. <br /> <br /> So it's Donald Sutherland who goes with the picture. Sutherland's Colonel Fetisov, head of Burakov and initially his sole supporter, is an overly restrained, patient militiaman whose graceful carriage bears witness to decades of bureaucratic machinations. His reawakening as a logically driven, but still passionate police officer becomes the cornerstone of the film. <br /> <br /> Joss Ackland makes another turn as a vicious apparatchik, secretary of communist ideology Bondarchuk, who oversees the investigation. Of course, in 1984 he stifled the arrest of the most likely suspect, a communist, a man carrying a rope and knife in his pocket, and presumably went home: Andrei Chikatilo. Soon he replaced Burakov Another Moscow apparatchik, Detective Gorbunov (John Wood), insisted that the investigation now focused on "known homosexuals". The funniest scene of this sad, sad movie comes about during Bondarchuk & Gorbunov's institutionalized harassment: A stupid cop reports solemnly, "As I suspected, comrade, it's fornication." I made some drawings - howling laughter. After the bodies were accumulated in 1987, the police attempted to visit criminal profiles 5 years later. The only cooperating Soviet psychiatrist was dr. Aleksandr Bukhanovsky (Max Von Sydow), who called the UNSUB CitizenX. Later he also remarked to Fetisov & Burakov that "... together is a wonderful person". We agree. <br /> <br /> The decade-long tempo perfectly captures the institutional inertia of glasnost - "openness". The contrast to perestroika - "Restructuring" - could not have been greater in the case. Although Chikatilo was still traveling at stations, the plans of the police were about to bear fruit. <br /> <br /> Col. Fetisov was quickly promoted to general in 1990. His nemesis Bondarchuk disappeared from the crime scene, eventually allowing the investigation to continue without political interference. Personal, communication, advertising - suddenly all were available. In just one night of telephoning in the area, Fetisov received his depressed forensics chief in Quantico, FBI's serial killers' working group, where Fetisov finds that employees routinely rejected serial killings to avert such psychological damage to investigators /> <br / > Fetisov advises his newly promoted forensics chief, now "Colonel" Burakov, about all these changes in an avalanche of confession that becomes the hub of the film's engine. Fetisovs is the most tender apology I've ever seen in the movie: "Privately, I apologize to you and your wife. I hope you can forgive my ignorance one day, "he almost whispers. <br /> <br /> An HBO production, CitizenX is a film of the highest quality, not only does the exterior look authentically bleak (only in the Randy Edelman's rising soundtrack is absolutely overwhelming - and often our only respite from the bleak brutality - those who speak Hungarian will recognize the many Hungarian accents and credits. <br /> < Chikatilo's actual murders are portrayed as a dark, devious behavior born of character weaknesses and ignorance in an equally bleak world, which does not seem to make the murders completely inappropriate - but of course they were. "President Kennedy reminded us:" All of us appreciate the future of our children. "CitizenX perfectly communicates that killing is far more cruel and more obscene than any revenge fantasy suggests. Raping serial rapists dominate; Kill serial killer to dominate. Some soldiers too. Such "limbic dominators" make poor people. <br /> <br /> WARNING SPOILERS: ------------------------- ------------- ----- The real Andrei Chikatilo was the world's most prolific serial killer. Convicted, he was executed in 1992 after all death sentences of the Soviet Union: a shot in the back of his mind. Foolishly, such methods destroy any possibility of examining a deviant brain after death. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: --------------------- ------------------- ---------------- The best result is always the prevention of killings, not their criminal prosecution. Executions only guarantee that society can not learn from the complex reality of the death of victims if we even send out single evidence of HOW / WHY when they died. Murderers also learn no regrets when they are dead. <br /> <br /> Vengeance makes no sacrifices. Screaming for the murderer's blood is nothing better than a counter-rule - when it's too late. Revenge in the name of mourning is no justice to the deceased - it is an appeasement of the living. (10/10)
