Okay, let's start by saying that this film is not an exact representation of the crimes and legal persecution of Andrei Chikatilo. While it may have been "official politics" in the Politburo that the USSR had no serial killers, the legal system had actually dealt with others, and "Killer X" (as it was actually called) was already being searched for when Fetisov brought Burakov with him Case. As soon as it was recognized that they had several murders on their hands, the authorities ordered dozens of officers to track down and kill a man who did not fit into the man perceived as a serial killer. It's good that the director and the authors keep reminding the viewer that the story is "based on actual events". This is not the case for a docudrama. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS FOLLOW **** <br /> <br /> That means a bloody good example of a fast-paced Hollywood thriller still teaching the basics. It's easy to follow and has just enough truth behind its version of events to allow for convincing viewing. Yes, Chikatilo has raped and murdered both children and adults, men and women. Yes, the modest lab work freed him from killing for years. Yes, innocent men were charged with the murders and their crimes were "confessed" to police stations. Yes, the gay community was harassed while the crimes were committed (but with the support of Burakov). And yes, Chikatilo was not confessed by the conspiracy of special prosecutor Gorbunov, but by the gentle understanding of a psychiatrist named Bukhanovsky (although Gorbunov was not really near the selfish martinet shown in this film). Apart from the truth and truthfulness, all these events are so dramatized that the tension and anxiety grow stronger and stronger. <br /> <br /> It does not hurt that the director and co-author Chris Gerolmo has a perfect cast. Stephen Rea's growing emotional involvement in the killings and the development of clues to find clues, Donald Sutherland's clever manipulation of the Soviet party hacks and subtle spines become visible when needed. Jeffrey DeMunn's seething undercurrent of anger, masked by a fearful behavior, Max Sydows boyish enthusiasm to be part of a criminal investigation, all improve the sharp dialogue and crisp editing in a way that can not be underestimated "almost" through a moment of self-questioning in the end that just does NOT fit). Highly recommended as a fiction that is not presented as a presentation ... but given the junk serial killer movies that Hollywood normally spits out, that's good enough for me.
