There, I sat alone in my apartment on a Saturday night and had the choice to see CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the Americans reading this I declare that TESC is an annual event in which Musicians from countries across Europe participate and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contest, the countries vote to find out which song was the best. It's a competition that is even less exciting than it sounds, and it may not be a shock to say that singing and songwriting is not the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word "choice" is misleading because as a music lover I would not see TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits grew for CITIZEN X and awaited a series of mill serial killers, but I would mislead anyone who calls it that. It's obvious within the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X Whodunnit. The film points to the failures of communism: "A serial killer comrade! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can exist only in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." This vile attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene where an undercover police officer is sitting in an icy train station watching out for his potential suspects while wearing his police jacket because he is the only warm coat he has ! And of course, all the suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without questioning, which will affect the final death toll. All this is very well done, as we are shown that the Communist Party system is on trial, but about two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X is in 1990, when communism is in its last stages and police investigations have taken place to have . At this point, the film is rather uninteresting due to the lack of political subtext and the film falls into an average wanted movie. But do not be put off, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller well played by the performers, especially Donald Sutherland as a paternal police chief. A few years ago, oddly enough, I read something the famous criminologist Colin Wilson wrote in which he said something in the sense that serial killers could be caught so that they would be in the center of the medial headlight, and I almost had one Feeling sorry for the party leaders who deny that there could be a serial killer in the US Soviet Union. After all the media are controlled by the party and anyone old enough to have listened to Radio Moscow or read English translations of Pravda, knows that the USSR only reports on news such as potato harvests, coal production and letters of thanks from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet help. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. I think if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will still make a noise, even though no one is around to hear it.
