Caution: may contain spoilers ... <br /> <br /> I have seen this movie 3 times and I have liked it every time. When I see it again, I am always reminded how good it is. An HBO TV movie - very well done, like most of his films - would have got Oscars for his performances if it had been released for general distribution and not for television. <br /> <br /> How I'm sure Who knows what other reviews read here is the story of serial killer Andrei Chikatilo. He has murdered 56 people in the former Soviet Union for over eight years. (3 victims were buried and could not be found, so he was convicted of only 52 of 53 of his murders.) The story focuses more on the forensic analyst Victor Burakov, who was played perfectly by Stephen Rea. A man who is tortured and obsessed with finding this killer, despite the additional obstacles brought in by party hatch, is his role, to be sure. Towards the end of the film, there is a very moving scene that mentions that in America investigators are routinely withdrawn from serial killer cases after 18 months, regardless of whether or not they want to do so because of mental stress and frustration. After this report, Burakov worked over five years before taking his first break. He followed the case three years later until graduation. In this scene, his supervisor, General Fetisov, played by Donald Sutherland, actually says he admires his devotion and apologizes for not knowing he should have paused him earlier. Rea's performance is so good When he's done, he does not overreact, does not chew the landscape, or does anything that distracts him from his portrayal of a man waiting for hell to find his killer. He is a man of passion, but he does not show it in the same way that is usually portrayed in detective movies. He only casually breaks out after being quieter than most could endure in such circumstances. Rea does so much with his face and eyes, he does not need to do too much. He's just * is * - His character, so frustrated after such a long time, at a point that was driven to frustration, he actually says he'd rather find 3 at a time than none in a year. Of course he does not mean that more people are supposed to die, he just wants some clues to catch this man. Rea makes us feel for this man. He lets us understand, but take a look at what it means to live with so much horror and futility. <br /> <br /> A mutant, to be sure that Chikatilo's childhood produced such "monsters". The character of Chikatilo is done very well by Jeffrey DeMunn. It kind of (impossible, though it looks) somehow triggers a degree of sympathy for itself. Maybe he is the worst of us who has gone terribly wrong? In any case, his performance is very well done. Donald Sutherland as Colonel Fetisov (later promoted to General) also does an excellent job. He appears to be a cynical, secular official who is not much more interested in supporting the investigation than anyone else who blocks Burakov. But eventually he becomes more than just an assistant, in fact he actively participates in the support of Burakov. There is also a very nice twist from Max Von Sydow when the psychiatrist helped to profile and find out what sort of deviations they are looking for. <br /> <br /> Although this film is about a morbid, grotesque and violent movie story, it really is more about what it takes to catch a killer than the killer himself. All in all a very successful movie with good performances and a great script. The script creates what makes the best of this kind of film: give factual events and place them meaningfully in a dramatic setting where you feel like you know the people behind the facts. <br /> <br /> 9 out of 10 stars
