I remember the case of Andre Chicatillo in the newspapers when I lived in South Africa. They had photos of him as he sat in his cage and was prosecuted. Not, as it turned out, to protect the judiciary, but to protect it from the public. That was fascinating, if morbid reading. I later heard that HBO made a film about the case, but it was made for American television. Strangely enough, CITIZEN X was released in limited edition in South Africa. I charged the local Ster Kinekor Complex and duly bought a ticket (I was alone, my then girlfriend was only interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Impressive! What a brilliant movie. Why was not it released to a wider audience? If it had not been made for television, it might have received an Oscar nomination or a 2nd nomination. Who the murderer is, is never kept away from the public. Jeffrey DeMunn portrays a really scary psycho. He is calm, run-down, considered by his wife as a failure and is constantly ridiculed and humiliated by his superiors at work. By doing these terrible acts, he feels strong and powerful. <br /> <br /> The fight against him is a pathologist excellently played by Stephen Rea in one of his strongest performances. He has to fight the snail's pace of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources at his disposal, and (above all) the refusal of his superiors to acknowledge that the USSR even has a serial killer. The responsible general (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are "a decadent Western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help must be under the counter. The ever brilliant Max von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks the protocol and decides to help the investigators in their search. It is the first time in Russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer who is still lying around freely, and he has everything to lose when his commitment is made public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly written, well written and the music and the editing only add to the excitement and theme of the film. Outstanding support from a terribly understaffed Imelda Staunton and a sense of impending demise make CITIZEN X a worth seeing movie. This was too good to be made for television
