Blood Castle (also known as Demon Lover's Scream, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best but least exploited Cinema title, etc.) is a very traditional Gothic romance effect. This means that there are big, creepy castles, a stubborn young woman, a mysterious older man, hints of horror and the supernatural, as well as romantic elements in the contemporary sense of this generic term. It also means that the movie is being deliberately timed and the movie will work best for horror mavens, who are big fans of understatement. If you love movies like Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but also have a penchant for Spanish and Italian horror of the late 1960s / early 1970s, you can love Blood Castle as well. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the edge of a traditional, unspecified European village. The locals fear him because the legend says that every time he bids a woman, she is soon dead - the consensus is that he puts his cruel dogs on it. This is quite a problem because the baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman appeared dead and mutilated. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village and asked to be taken to the baron. Dalmars Castle She is an outsider who was hired by the Baron for her expertise in chemistry. Of course nobody wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shady person (who gets even darker) to take her. Once there, a strange woman, who lives in the castle, rejects Olga (Cristiana Galloni), Ivanna and says that she should not be there as she is a woman. Baron Dalmar hesitates if she should stay. She stays in the end, but a little reluctant. The Baron hired them to override the effects of severe burns suffered by the Baron's brother, Igor. Unfortunately, the baron's brother seems to be just a lump of crumbling flesh-tub bizarre, blackish liquid. And besides, Ivanna has bizarre, hallucinatory dreams. What's going on in the castle? Is the Baron responsible for the crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to like Blood Castle more than me. As I mentioned, the movie is very fast in its tempo and most of it is very cautious. I can go either way. I'm not interested in The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of European horror in the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I love Dario Argento's work from this period. But sometimes Blood Castle sometimes moved too slowly. There are big chunks that are scenes of not very exciting conversations, alternating with scenes in which Ivanna walks slowly through the corridors of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director José Luis Merino has made more than passable sets and film locations, and Emanuele Di Cola shot her pretty well. Blood Castle, however, feels on a relatively low budget, and this is after all a film produced by Roger Corman (which usually means a low budget, albeit often surprisingly high-quality "quickies"). While the hint of Bava's colors and complex decorations is hinted at, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it does not help that the Retromedia print I look at looks like a 30-year-old photo left in the sun too long. It seems to be "washed out" with a compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Merino and Di Cola occasionally make fantastic visuals. For example, a scene in which Ivanna was taken in a dark hallway from an exaggerated angle and in which an important plot element is only visible through shadows on a wall. There are also a few Ingmar Bergmanesque recordings in which actors are exquisitely blocked to imply complex relationships, except that they are visually attractive and draw your eye deep into the frame. <br /> <br /> The performances are pretty good and the women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino exploits this fact by including a decent amount of nudity. Schürer made a series of films that were as soft as other genres, with English titles such as Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975) and erotic exploits of a sexy Seducer (1977). Blood Castle is a lot tamer, but in addition to nudity, there are still mild scenes of rape and bondage, and of course the scenes that mix sex and death. <br /> <br /> However, the main attraction here is probably The Story, which, like everything else, is a slow-burning romance. The horror elements, the mysterious elements, and a slightly unexpected twist in the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story in which a couple overcomes various difficulties and opposites (often with physical threats or injuries) to put together to be .
