What makes the best picture material? The Oscars have opted for much pole because they reward over-eyeglasses that have aged badly and ignored the "Auteurs" who would be poisoned in the coming decades. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are a choice made by the industry itself, and therefore, at least in the classical age, they tended to reward the best collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. The Arthur The liberated unit at MGM was already committed to the Oscar winner for several years at this time; It was only a matter of time before Freed got a Best Picture with his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best music stars in the industry. Freed had done more to enhance the status of the musical than anyone else. He produced images that interweave history and song without losing the dynamic drama of 1930s musicals. When it comes to freed musicals, the lyrics of the songs, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to tell the stories. Importantly, the tone of the song and the way it is presented fits into the structure of the movie. An American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two were Singin 'in) The Rain and The Band Wagon), which took existing classical numbers out of their original context and worked them together in a completely independent story. The words do not match the plot, but the routines are right for the show. When Gene Kelly sings "I Got Rhythm," he does not even have a girl, but the way the French kids get involved is a great characterization, and the positive mood and the dance give the movie a small boost needs at this point. An American in Paris also uses the rule violations allowed in the genre to add small unconventional swings to tell the story, such as the series of dances that accompany the description of Leslie Carons character. Which better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and pianist? At the time, there was not really anyone who had a better feeling for Technicolor. While some directors would saturate each scene in one color or fill the screen with colliding shades, Minnelli's color schemes are tightly controlled, but never seem compulsory. In the opening scenes, the notes are rather subdued, but not dim and red is missing in particular. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary in the café, some more vivacious shades are presented. Then, during the first number "By Strauss", does Minnelli gradually bring in red splashes? a tablecloth, a bouquet of roses? until it finally dominates, as if the song had awakened the color scheme of the picture. In most songs, the colors are as elaborately choreographed as the people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la," he maintains the shadows and instead opens the room as the song swells and the characters become livelier. <br /> <br /> The Achilles' The heel of an American in Paris is his story. Personally, I find the romantic angle particularly inedible, because it plays as if it were the last misery for the misogynistic love stories that prevailed in the 30s. The wayward, headstrong woman is rejected, while the meek girl is forced to love the hero. Even if you do not mind, it's difficult to get emotionally involved with the story as it's constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances. Compare this to Singin 'in the Rain, which does not have as many great routines or memorable set pieces as An American in Paris, but has a successful history. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscars, but is now considered a classic of the genre. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a way to tell a story. An American in Paris is not profound or captivating or captivating, but like a certain DeMille image, which received the highest accolade the following year, it's certainly a great show.
