The dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's orchestral piece "An American in Paris" from 1928 is an undeniable masterpiece. The combination of color, music and dance choreographed by Gene Kelly with precision and unparalleled flair is still amazing as the piece is broken down into scenes inspired by select masters - Dufy in the opening play Place de la Concorde, Manet at the flower market, Utrillo in a Parisian street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears his famous white bodysuit. The 97 minutes before this finale are not so exciting, not in the long run, but there are certain charms when you look at the entire Oscar-winning musical from 1951. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner has designed a surprisingly sophisticated, if somewhat romantic, story about Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II, trying as a Painter to make a living. With his braggadocio-like style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly's screen personality can be scary and irritating at the same time, but he seems to find his oeuvre as the carefree Jerry. The love triangle plot focuses on Jerry's involvement in Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed patron of the arts, but a sexual predator among young artists. On her first date in a crowded nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry involuntarily falls in love with Lise, a young woman who turns out to be the fiancé of Henri, a professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's mate, Adam, a work-free concert pianist. Romantic complications follow until the inevitable end, but not before several classic Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of it is the imitation - a dizzying romantic song and a dance to "Our Love Is Here to Stay" a faux-Seine river in a misty blue mist with yellow fog lights. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron orbit themselves is transcendent as they approach each other cautiously and then beautifully synchronize themselves with the music that leads to the ultimate clinch. Few films have shown how elegant and concise two people fall in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" focus on Kelly's nimble and pleasant singing while Caron's "Embraceable You" is impressively danced in a five-part montage of Henri's all-over-the-map description of Lise to Adam. The sequence is intended to demonstrate Caron's dancing versatility. The sequence is similar to "On the Town," in which Vera-Ellen demonstrated her considerable dance skills as Kelly's sailor character described his multi-faceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br /> As Lise, nineteen-year-old Caron dances superbly (in her first film) and masters her role with undisguised charm, though her acting talent does not flourish for several years. Nina Foch looks pretty glamorous and plays older than the manipulative Milo and manages to be so sympathetic that we care about her fate while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic self as Adam. George Guétary plays an elegant "I build a staircase to paradise" and plays Henri so pleasantly that you feel bad that he ends up losing the girl. This is not the best allround MGM musical, but there is certainly enough film magic to make it worthwhile. The 2000er DVD contains a pretty flawless print, but otherwise little extras.
