An American in Paris is an integrated musical, meaning that the songs and dances fit perfectly into the story. The film was inspired by George Gershwin's orchestral composition from 1928. <br /> <br /> The story of the film is interspersed with breathtaking dance numbers choreographed by Gene Kelly and based on popular Gershwin tunes. Songs and music are "I Got Rhythm", "S Wonderful" and "Our Love is Here to Stay". It set a new standard for the "songbook" subgenre with dozens of Gershwin sounds buried in the underscore. The climax is the ballet "The American in Paris", an 18-minute dance with Kelly and Caron, who plays Gershwin's An American in Paris, with an Impressionist period in the style of various painters. It is one of the longest continuous dance sequences of Hollywood movie. But the ballet cost more than half a million dollars, then an astonishing sum. <br /> <br /> It is funny to think of such a work of art in a pool game between the film producer Arthur Freed (SINGIN 'IM RAIN, WIZARD OF OZ, IN THE TOWN MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS AND THE BAND WAGON) and Ira Gershwin. It was Freed's idea to buy the title to use it if he was in a movie about Paris and Gershwin's idea that he would only use Gershwin music. The cast was supposed to have Cyd Charisse, but she found she was pregnant before shooting began. One of the main reasons Gene Kelly proposed Leslie Caron as the female lead was that this film needed a "real" French girl to play Lise not just an American actress who played one. Gene Kelly spotted Leslie Caron during a vacation in Paris, where he saw her play in a ballet. When she got the call to audition, she said, "Who's Gene Kelly?" According to Leslie Caron, her introductory dance sequence, which included a seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggestive by some censors. Gene Kelly directed the short fantasy dance sequences in which Lise is introduced. Vincente Minnelli first wanted Maurice Chevalier in the role of Georges Guétary and "Celeste Holm" in the Nina Foch. <BR /> Minnelli was a groundbreaking director of musicals with Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), an American in Paris, and The Band Wagon (1953). He used colors and songs in a way that had not been used before. He used space and time imaginatively. Best of all, he let go of the long ballet sequences that end in all his movies. The ballet in an American in Paris is perhaps his best work. <br /> <br /> Although Vincente Minnelli is the only director recognized, he has sometimes been involved in divorcing Judy Garland and other directorial projects, leaving genes behind. Kelly is directing. <br /> <br /> Other highlights include Guetary's interpretation of "Stairway to Paradise"; Oscar Levant's fantasy of directing and performing Gershwin's "Concerto in F" (see why it was Oscar Levant's favorite). The ballet sequence, now that we know it's been successful, everyone wants to acknowledge that, Free, Minnelli, Kelly? But before the film was finished, MGM's New York office said no to spend half a million dollars on a ballet. So Freed himself went to studio manager Louis B. Mayer and asked him to agree. New York said no. Finally, Gene Kelly showed the New York office how a British film, THE RED SHOES, used a long ballet sequence and made this movie a worldwide hit. and is still considered a prime example of a successful art film. Well, the financiers finally gave in and signed the checks. <br /> <br /> After November 1, 1950, there was a production break, and Gene Kelly began rehearsing the ballet choreography. When production for this final sequence resumed on December 6, Vincente Minnelli completed another movie - Father's Little Dividend (1951). Irene Sharaff designed a style for each of the ballet sequences that reflects various French impressionist painters: 'Raoul Dufy' (the Place de la Concorde), Edouard Manet (the flower market), Maurice Utrillo (a Parisian street), Henri Rousseau (the Mass ), 'Vincent Van Gogh' (the Place de l'Opera) and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (the Moulin Rouge). The backgrounds lasted six weeks, and 30 painters worked without interruption. Roger Ebert said after the recent restoration: "An American in Paris has many qualities, not least his famous ballet production number, along with Kelly and Leslie Caron symbolizing the entire story of their courtship in the dance." An American in Paris is often using SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN compared what is the greatest musical of all time, and one critic put it best when he said, "SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN makes me happy and An American In Paris makes me feel good." The ballet depicts Kelly's fantasies as portrayed by the great French artists (Renoir, Rousseau, Lautrec, Dufy) whom he admires. The screening for the then battered Raoul Dufy, the actor and producer, got through to the credits. There they relieved the artist, were moved to tears and demanded a second help for the costly finale. <br /> <br /> The film also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture (Comedy or Musical). <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly received this year's Oscar Honorary Award for "his versatility as" Actor, singer, director and dancer and especially for his brilliant achievements in the art of choreography in film. " It was his only Oscar.
