Parsifal (1982) starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and the voices of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jürgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight From the German film school, the kind that favored tons of symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, came in 1982 this film of Wagner's last masterpiece - Parsifal - from Good Friday / Easter and the inauguration of the Opera House Bayreuth , This film follows the music and the plot exactly, but the way it was filmed and performed is brave and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal takes the crown of its bizarre cinematography. Syberberg is known for controversial films. He had previously published films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism, as well as a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his grandchildren. This movie may be disturbing in many ways. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but played by Michael Kutter) is male during the first part of the movie and is transformed into a woman after the enchantment of Kundry's kiss. This gender-specific element reveals the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the search for the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the fortress of the pagan magician Klingsor there are photographs of uncanny uncanny characters like Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilde Wesendock. The Swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress. Parsifale travels throughout the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the movie. The tempting flower girls are naked. Kundry is portrayed as a beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve from Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautifully sung by mezzo soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is intended for fans of this kind of bizarre Germanic-European symbolism and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of Wagnerian opera. In fact, the vocals are great and captivating. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a focused and intense voice, but lacks the depth and overall size of the larger stage Parsifals - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and today's own Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual, dramatic and exciting Kundry who delves perfectly into her tortured state. To be sure, the staging is certainly unorthodox and as un-Wagnerian as it is possible (Wagner's concept was Christian ceremonial splendor with graves, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark wizard, darkness that turned into light, etc.) , It's still a fun arthouse movie.
