This is an amazing movie to see or show young people. Apart from a very short nude scene, there is an interesting glimpse of colonial rule in Africa that you rarely find in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic fluff. The white French in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even seem to regard the natives as human beings. The whites are all bosses and expect black bondage without hesitation. But unlike real servants, you only hear once that one of the whites says thank you, and these people are given no other consideration. Again and again, there are pets or slaves, because the feelings of the people are never considered. <br /> <br /> The central example of this thoughtlessness is the relationship between the mother Aimée and her servant Protée. Although they sometimes spend a lot of time together and it's only normal that they start having sexual feelings with each other, the White Woman never considers Protée or the existence of his feelings. A good example of this thoughtlessness is when she tethers Protée's dress and it is obvious that he is sexually frustrated. Apart from this relationship, while almost all whites are fully aware of the fact that Africans are human, some go so far as verbally offending and treating them like garbage. <br /> <br /> Also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the little girl (who grew up at the beginning and end of the film). Although they are very close, sometimes he is more like a toy or a pet and the girl never plays with local children. <br /> <br /> There is a bizarre white character that sometimes seems to look better at black people Unfortunately, his character is very inconsistent and confusing. In a moment he does hard work alongside the blacks or eats with them (something the other whites would never have done), and the next moment he tries to beat Protée! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just an idiot, crazy or maybe a communist agitator trying to cheer up the blacks against the whites (who knows!). Apart from a few good scenes, this character seems to be pretty much wasted. <br /> <br /> Although I really enjoyed the insights in this movie, I wish I had more than a few snippets of this world from a child's perspective during a small period of their lives. The context and what has happened to rid the country of colonialism is never addressed, and the film made me want more. The film seemed to start in the early eighties (since he wears a walkman headset), and when the movie returned to the past, he seemed to play around (more or less) around 1960, but the movie was never mentioned at the beginning of the movie 1960s violence against colonialism or independence of the nation in the 50s. I suspect that some of this confusion may be that the creators of the film have failed and SHOULD have made the beginning of the film earlier (as in the '70s) and had to think back on the lady in the early 1950s. before the country experienced a political change. Apart from the lack of context and confusion over time periods, it was a good idea to use the prologue and epilogue that showed them as adult travelers. And I also appreciated the end, because it was a pleasant surprise when you learned more about the nice man who takes her along. Overall, however, it feels as if something is missing - there is simply no other way of dissolution or message than to show that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
