I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before I saw it. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the director or anything about the history of the film. I just knew it was a highly acclaimed French movie. If I had known more, I probably would not have seen the picture unlocked. On paper, the premise does not sound interesting to me. Had I known what Chocolat was in advance, my interest in watching would have been limited. However, ignorance of the story helped me to enjoy it. I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was, if not different, not a predictable movie. In fact, it could be as the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashbacks is often a risky move for filmmakers. With the main character in sight today, audiences know they will stay alive. Director Claire Denis uses the Flashback technique to make sure that the young girl comes into adulthood without any serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is more a story of emotion than of outside. A minor filmmaker would give France a gaunt face screaming of a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a pretty girl, someone who looks good from the outside. <br /> <br /> One could argue that Chocolat is more of France's mother, as she has much more time for the cinema, although I believe that ultimately it is about France. For me, Chocolat is really about how the actions of a mother affect her daughter. It's about how the behavior of the parents stays with their offspring. France is not ruined by her mother's actions in history, but her mother's actions have clearly impressed France. If France were not affected by her mother's actions at all, the flashback aspect would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a film that deals with two periods of time, the past and the present, Chocolat was a very good step, there was no scene of excessive fat. None of the scenes felt unexcused or out of place. The film had a nice rhythm, the cut was crisp, and left only what was needed to tell the story. With a well told story, a solid cut and a well-organized directorship, Chocolat is one of the better French films I've ever seen. It was responsible for the launch of Claire Denis and with good reason: It's an incredible directorial debut.
