Claire Denis' Chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant poem depicting the effects of a dying colonialism on a young family in the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films vary greatly in scope and focus. The film is narrated from the perspective of an adult returning to his foreign homeland. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, remembers her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in the French Cameroonians and had a loving friendship with the brooding servant Protée (Isaac de Bankolé) , The heart of the film, however, revolves around the French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love-hate relationship with Protée, which seethes with unspoken sexual tensions. <br /> <br /> The household is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and forbidden for everyone, except Protée, who works in the house, while the staff are forced to eat and shower outdoors, exposing their naked bronze bodies to the looks of the white family. When her husband Marc (François Cluzet) goes out of business, it becomes clear that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but the rules of society prevent them from being openly recognized. In a narrative sequence, she invites him to her bedroom to help her put on her dress, and the two stare at each other in the mirror with a defiant yearning in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> The young France (Cecile Ducasse) also joins the servant and feeds him from her plate as he shows her how to eat crushed ants, and carries her on his walks under the night sky Shoulder. Despite their bond, the true nature of their master-servant relationship is evident when France orders Protée to interrupt his conversation with a teacher and bring her home immediately, standing next to her at the dining table as Protée, waiting for her next command. If an aircraft loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, crew and passengers must board the terrain until a replacement part can be found. Every visitor shows his contempt for the Africans. One, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation, brings food leftovers from the kitchen to his black mistress, who hides in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, disturbs the racial balance when using the outdoor shower, eats with the servants and taunts Aimée about her attraction to Protée, leading her to a final emotional confrontation with the servant , <br /> <br /> Chocolat is loosely autobiographical, adapted to the director's childhood memories and slowly and mysteriously like the brooding isolation of the country on which it is filmed. Denis comments on the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no simple good guys. Protée is a servant, but he is also a protector when he keeps watch over the bed in which Aimée and her daughter sleep to protect them from a raging hyena. It is a sad fact that Protée is treated as a boy rather than a man, but Bankolé gives his character such dignity and stature that relieves the pain. Due to its tempo, Western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the movie, and Denis, in Roger Ebert's words, "does not train our emotions." The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and looks that touch the silent longing of our heart.
