Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy transforms natural materials into fleeting works of art, putting stones into egg-shaped cairns, fills river basins with fiery flowers and merges thorns and twigs into intricate weave patterns. An original work and a few photos of his other creations are housed in a corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (near my home), but although I found these pieces intriguing, I did not realize the miracle of Goldsworthy's work until I was lucky. See Rivers and tides again. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental sound by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work. The opening scene captures him by merging icicle fragments into a serpentine thread, which is placed on a tree stump. Goldsworthy works with his teeth and bare hands, creating a nice, volatile job. After a short time, this delicate sculpture fuses in the radiant Nova Scotia. This scene is one of the finest in the film, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both the successes and the failures and captures the frustration of parts that collapse before graduation, as well as the glory of those who shine, even if they last only a few hours, minutes, or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself delivers the narrative and speaks slowly but thoughtfully about the topics in his work. He makes it clear that he must work with nature, be alone with him, and promote his understanding by trying to work with natural materials, even if they seem to be working against him. Sometimes he is down to earth and humorous; at other times he fights for the words to express his purpose? something that is understandable when you experience its amazing work first-hand. The "Rivers and Tides" of the title become more relevant as we see the natural materials go through the artist's hands and flow from one form to the next. The capture and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with a variety of materials and covers territories across North America and Europe, the presentation of artworks one after the other in this film is exhausting; It gave me the same feeling of tiredness that I get when I spend too long in an art gallery and have trouble picking up new things. A short period of time getting to know Andy's family and hometown is all that breaks the long succession to his artwork. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer is very good at photographing Goldsworthy and his creations and finding them in their wider environment, from Canadian rivers to rainy Scottish slopes. Fittingly, the film ends with Goldsworthy throwing handfuls of earth and snow into the sky. The dust particles give rise to fleeting patterns, even if they disperse into the air; This is the purest expression of beauty found in the work of this remarkable artist.
