I admit that in the first 20 minutes of the movie I was not sure if I would go through the whole thing. Like many other people, I found it rather boring, and I was not looking forward to spending an hour and a half watching this guy bite icicles and hold them together. But if you go through the making of your first work long enough to see the finished product, you get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the movie is. I find it really sad that so many people found these ideas as boring or ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a serene study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's artworks and methods, which makes his art entirely out of the things of nature and usually leads to parts of nature through the Normal consumed process of entropy. It's slow and unhappy, but I think it's a key point of the film to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need accompaniment to appreciate it. I've even heard that people complain that he's always talking throughout the movie instead of letting nature and his artwork speak for themselves, which I just think is madness. <br /> <br /> On the other hand a lot of people complain about CDs in which the lyrics are written. Many musicians also think that their music should mean whatever the listener wants, without the musician displaying the exact lyrics. I think I am the person who thinks I would like to know what the artist is trying to do with his or her artwork. I can still take it the way I want, even if I know what to do. I can not understand that I do not want to hear him speak through the film. After all, he loses his train of thought and can not explain himself to explain some of his work more than once. However, if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, feel free to turn the sound off. It's like not reading the lyrics if you do not want to know what a musician sings , and would rather interpret the words themselves. I think that Andy Goldsworthy's work, of which I had no idea, existed before me. I have seen this film, it is unbelievably impressive and I am glad that this film was made to present it. Since his work is generally not the kind that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only medium beyond film that can express it, and I really appreciate the work that goes into his art and the way to it see that only things from nature are used. Whether you appreciate certain aspects of the film's presentation or not, Goldsworthy's work moves enough to overlook that, for the film is not the star, Goldsworthy's art. And given the lack of music or the smallest special effects and the slow nature of the film, director Thomas Riedelsheimer seems to know that.
