Zero Day has a purpose and this is not just entertainment, it has a message about its special topic for school shooting. The life of two friends Andre and Cal who led to an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the movie began to look a bit nondescript, there was a spontaneous announcement of the impending amateur-style attack followed by brief encounters with the boys' families. It does not take long for us to finish with the guys showing us their weapons collection, their fetishistic love for them, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even in a controversial scene of how to build Pipe Bombs. <br /> <br /> So what does the movie want to say? What really motivates you to be a murderer soon? It seems hard to pinpoint. They are by no means cold-blooded psychopaths, but they are planning an act of brutality. This brings me to what I consider the genius of Zero Day. Cal and Andre are constantly talking about how much they are on another level, how far they are above us and how they will leave us all behind. Like the Columbine killers, they really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's feeling, the value system of Cal and Andre seems to have arisen from the rejection of their society. However, we only get a little insight, for example, a hatred of a popular athlete. Where is the motivation? What I believe is that Coccio portrayed two people who desperately portrayed a declaration of superiority as a gesture of their power, but which has no reasonable place to do so. Therefore, they turn to the mass murder and the kind that gives them more attention than they could ever realize. Therefore, school shooters seem to be able to carry out cruel acts, even though they come from good, stable, loving homes. The murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are completely lost in their imagination, that they almost do not recognize the reality of their actions. They turn the fantasy into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> What fascinates me most about this film is the character development and the unique dependency that Cal and Andre have on each other. Andre is openly the leader of the two throughout the movie, and Cal's hug and demeanor seem a bit forced. Andre is excited, Andre is intense and serious. He avoids others completely outside of his family, he is meticulous and precise about everything he does, and for a while he appears as the engine of the conspiracy to attack the school. Nevertheless, he is sympathetic in his own way, he does not embrace teenage nonsense and in part we feel compelled to agree with him, but these moments are influenced by Andre's fleeting gestures of violence against us, the audience, both familiar and potential Treated victims, shaken. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, accepting reality. Nevertheless, he is dominant in his own way. We have many personal moments of self-observation with Cal's diary, scenes in which he is alone and separated from others. Cal seems to be struggling with his personal demons and using their plan to exorcise them. Andre is jealous that Cal is going to the prom with an old friend. He wants Cal to be all to himself. Cal appeases Andre and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre seems to have found someone who believes in him and admires him. He can not lose him. While Cal has found someone who offers him a way out. <br /> <br /> The film is sure to pick up speed and improve as it approaches its bleak outcome. There's a great moment when Cal attends high school prom. Suddenly, the star of the film is shy and introverted, not satisfied with his peers at all. Still, we tend to have more connection with Cal than with the rough, loud crowd that screams adolescent obscenities as they drink heavily in their limousine. An episode is too common and recognizable. We do not want to contact them when Cal is over and Cal is back and Andre prepares a silent video we like. The characters feel safe again in the fantasy world they created. We feel like we are avoiding the masses as they did. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is great. The last video shows Andre and Cal arming shortly before the attack in their car. It's all too real and really creates a sense of impending demise. We know that we know Cal and Andre and realize that they will indeed do it. With a kind of morbid fascination, we also enjoy the films Katharsis. <br /> <br /> The massacre in CCTV fashion is sometimes shocking and although it was certainly the perfect choice to portray the massacre when we went there, it is not faultless. Most important is the sudden radical change in the perception of Cal and Andre that she sees in that person. They are suddenly the calloused murderers we knew would become them, but they did not know they would do this. It's violent and real, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their imagination is a terrible tragedy that costs them everything. <br /> <br /> The last scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves and burning the crosses for which they were erected. Andre and Cal are disgusted that they were recalled. After knowing Andre and Cal, we can almost feel a sadness that they have indeed disappeared forever and that they have certainly gained nothing. Zero day is a must for anyone who is interested in these violent acts the media. It's a character study that's worth experiencing.
