As always, controversial films like these have mixed reviews. You either love it or you hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers, which I personally consider important. You may hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel that you can relate to each other, but regardless of whether you are considering shootings from a different perspective in this film, the movie becomes complete with a movie turned hand camera, something that works well in my opinion, as it becomes more realistic. It is narrated entirely from the point of view of the killers, from their "missions" to family outings that all lead to the great day "Zero Day" when they plan a massacre at their school. Zero Day does not give answers, but merely gives an insight into the lives of two restless boys and lets the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings towards the boys are a bit mixed between compassion and hatred, but we are confused as to why two ordinary young men do this. It is shown that they are surprisingly normal, typical teenage teenagers living a normal life, and if we did not know what they were up to, we would not have expected anything (they make it clear throughout the movie that nobody else knows about them) plan) <br /> <br /> The spectacle is extremely good, considering that the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope to see more work from both in the future. Despite the fact that it is a fictionalized film, one can not overlook the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are frighteningly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in looks, but in the way). As someone who has worked intensively with Columbine, I could see the similarities and it is almost certain. <br /> <br /> The actual massacre is shown by security cameras at school and is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. I was completely shocked after seeing it, and it's a feeling that stays close for a while. It's very realistic and well done, and it's very hard to look at. All in all, Zero Day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should at least check it out. In the past, we have always branded killers as "psychopaths" and assumed that they were either biologically wired for a disaster or had an impact on the media. However, as Zero Day shows, the motives are sometimes deeper and we can never understand why such tragedies are like shootings at school until we see them from the perspective of the killers.
