The Unborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) & Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying for five years to realize that Virginia has had two miscarriages since then and is desperately looking for a child. You visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after being recommended by some of her friends. Dr. Meyerling says he can help them have a baby. Dr. Meyerling is operating in Virginia and it is soon confirmed that the operation was successful and Virginia is pregnant. At first glance, everything seems to be perfect and the Marshalls could not be happier, but her perfect life does not last long as Virginia's pregnancy develops problems, she becomes moody and behaves completely uncharacteristically and she receives a worrying phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron), another woman undergoing a doctor's procedure. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling actually uses his patients for his own eerie ends and is actually a vile geneticist. Virginia begins to question what's inside her ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by: Rodman Flender I actually thought the unborn child was a decent horror / thriller (it's definitely NOT a sci-fi movie like that) the IMDb would make you believe) that surprised me pleasantly. The script of Henry Dominic tries to be different, and it has to be at least some recognition. The unborn child is meant for psychological horror rather than cheap horrors and bad special effects. It has a clever story that triggers basic human fears. It moves at a reasonable pace, though it is by no means a movie full of action. The highlight was good and seemed to be a suitable conclusion. The warnings about playing with genetics seem to be even more relevant today than it used to be. Maybe Flender knew something the rest of us did not know. On the other hand, there are some elements of exploitation, and basically it is a dialogue-oriented film that focuses primarily on one person, so that sometimes it gets boring. Also, do I have to mention what Erath was the grinning black skateboard dwarf, who overheard everything anyway ?! <br /> <br /> Director Flender is doing a good job. The Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting movie ever made, but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is some tension, because what Virginia in her and Dr. Meyerling's ominous plans is fully revealed only at the last possible moment. Disappointingly, the blood and the blood is almost non-existent, which leaves the movie in a sense, because in retrospect, nothing really remembers. The unborn relies on good storytelling, which is fine, but in a week I doubt I remember it too much. <Technically the movie is alright, I would imagine The Unborn had a pretty low budget, but it's well done, though it's a bit bland and forgetful. The baby is actually a decent special effect and has a pretty realistic facial movement. Acting is good and this was one of the first acting jobs credited to Friends (1994 - 2004) star Lisa Kudrow. I have to be honest. I do not like friends and I do not know who she was, so I can not tell you how she did it. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be known and seen. If you're a horror fanatic looking for something different, more intelligent and thought-provoking than usual, I think you could be a lot worse than The Unborn. Followed by a mutilated sequel to The Unborn II (1994), which I saw right afterwards. Check if you want.
