WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - read on). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become addicted to this spoof gem that I do not have enough room to list them all. The opening credits continued the playful scene with the cartoon stills of the late 1950s; a bewitching Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo theme that strangely does not appear in the credits (but his grunt is unmistakable and no one else did); and with well-known star names, including Kathy Najimi for a full year, before settling on TV's Superman with Sister Acts 1 & 2 plus Teri Hatcher. <br /> <br /> Every scene is steeped in shallow injustices, and various actors, actresses and actors meet daily television producers. A look behind the careers of these people is all just an excuse for an old-fashioned, delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this riotous parody that plays like a copy of MAD Magazine, but feels like a gift to the audience. Some of the clichéd characters are a bit bleak, but everyone is drizzling with jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), the show's ever-award-winning lead role, nicknamed America's Sweetheart. The Emmies-style awards show us Celestes Show The Sun Sets. Against all futile fears on the contrary wins Celeste again. She's overjoyed because it's always "such an exciting thrill," "Adam, have you watched, I've won! Well, no ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes a justification for the entire conspiracy and we are Immediately on a journey with Celeste neurosis. She cries, screams, and wraps her hands through the rest of the movie as her dresser Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, constantly waddling behind Celeste, unseen by Celeste's fog of paranoia), has a fondness for Tammy Faye Baker, for whom Tawnee had actually been specially rented. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. She is the main author of the show, and she and Celeste have been outstanding support networks for 15 years. As Celeste freaks offer, Rosie offers to write her out of the show for six months: "All we'll say is that Maggie visited the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama had moved to LA." "Well, another Lama, Fernando Lamas, come on!" Such a spit line must rather be regarded as an insult to the surviving Beefcake actor Lorenzo Lamas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (died 1982). Those who remember the economist (Ben Stein) on Ferris Bueller's day Off (1986), as he calls the role deadly ("Bueller, Bueller, Bueller"), will secretly delight him if he sees him again as a moron , Other well-hidden members of the cast are Garry Marshall (in real life Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother), who gets paid "1.2 million dollars for the command decision" at The Sun So Sets - he says he definitely likes "Peppery and Cheap" "and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon who is" a slut ". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the" tasty-with-a-spoon "(and he By the way, the dinner theater actor has now been rescued from hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr.) and put back in the same show he was canned 20 years ago, which of course presents some of the logical challenges for current screenwriters Because his character Rod Randall was supposed to have been beheaded many years ago, they sort of sort out the logical difficulties and Geoffrey Anderson steps out of the Choo-Choo, Celeste can only get worse now and do her trick, the Washington Going for a bridge does not help anymore. At first her hands tremble as she tries to put on mascara, but she soon degenerates into a stalker. Unfortunately, she can not easily get rid of Geoffrey Anderson. Geoffrey has promised the development of his one-man game about Hamlet, and he wants to keep the producer on that promise. "I'm not going back to Florida, how!" Argues Geoffrey. "You're trying to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old farts eating meatloaf!" In fact, watching Geoffrey's diner show lifestyle amid all the hockings and accidents is extremely funny. Back in Florida, in his fat suit of Willie Loman in his room, Geoffrey Anderson felt ashamed to be brought on stage as "Mr. Loman." He was forced to crush the cockroaches that had crawled across his TV with a shoe and to use pliers instead of the broken analogue channel changer. Now he sees himself as the delicious surgeon from Laurie Craven, the new inventor of the show. So he does not go. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) completes the amazing ensemble that does all the fantastic work of those who know the stereotypes all too well. But of course, the road to true love never went smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) is impatiently waiting for her star to rise and desperate for some publicity. <br /> <br /> Will your plans finally succeed? Will Celeste calm her nerves or will she kill Tawnee first? Will the producer get Mr. Fuzzy? - You just have to see * the second half * of this extremely lovable, wickedly ugly uproar. <br /> <br /> And you really have to see how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without The glasses lives on TelePrompter. If you are not in a stinging stomach, where hectic laughter and tears are streaming down your face, you can reclaim your money for the video store. Soapdish (1991) is an unavoidable gem that you need to see time and again, because a movie can not deliver enough with so many funny lines. That's very well-made humor, almost everything in writing. A draw with Blazing Saddles (1974) for seditious apoplexy scores, though otherwise dissimilar. Look at it and cry. A happy source for video addiction. 10 out of 10.
