A few years ago I bought the MGM double-screen DVD of the two Kolchak television films, THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the universal set of the following TV series came out, I wanted to buy it right away - but rumors of playback issues with the dreaded DVD-18s prevented me from adding it to my collection. I recently placed an online order in a series of reduced universal box sets and decided to take the KOLCHAK 3-Discer as well. <br /> <br /> Having looked at it now, I can say with certainty that I have not done it. I am not sorry to have acquired this popular (albeit short-lived) crime / horror series a bit: She can follow a standardized formula - the dogged and resourceful newspaper man Carl Kolchak, who is wonderfully played by Darren McGavin, goes to hell with his attitude (nervous editor Simon.) Oakland, longtime colleagues, various authoritarian personalities, a wealth of monsters and Villains), face the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat on their own, but are eventually forced to keep their story under wraps - but a winning (farther) thwart is reinforced by an impressive cast of guest stars and notable behind-the-scenes productions. This makes the show a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> That is, the quality varies from episode to episode and is rather modest. The budgets gave them results in special all-make-up and make-up effects that sometimes leave much to be desired (eg. the werewolf in the eponymous entry and the stupid alligator creature in the very last part) - not to mention that they were limited to 50-minute programs and intended more for family consumption, rather close to a simplified and healthy portrayal of his often fascinating psychological and metaphysical issues (in the case of the werewolf, he has never seen anyone bite, but something foolish, just to turn people around)! <br /> <br /> While the hero's cynical narrative does much to get you into the fantastic, each episode involves a healthy dose of comedy relief (often, but not exclusively, McGavin's relationship with Oakland or geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - not to mention sensible atmosphere (the attitude is largely Chicago) and suspense. To make the ride even more enjoyable, there is a jumping score from Gil Melle 'and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> For the record, the monsters Kolchak encounters throughout the series (but not always defeated) are a revived Jack The Ripper, a variety of cults (voodoo, Indians, Aztecs), aliens, vampires, werewolves (which all too familiar concept deals with this special episode on a cruise ship!), Look-alike, Satanist, swamp creature, electricity mass, robots, apeman, witch, headless motorcyclist, Succubus, a suit of armor that takes a murderous life (the Episode with perhaps the best side cast - with John Dehner as sullen police chief, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And crocodile. Some of the actors (except those that Kolchak's colleagues play) return to the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as officers of the law), John Fiedler (as skillful morgue) and Richard Kiel as two different nemeses of the hero If I forced would be to select the best (or most entertaining) episodes, I would be inclined me towards HORROR iN tHE HEIGHTS (with Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and the previously mentioned tHE Knightly MURDERS while I the weakest I I'd tHE WEREWOLF (for reasons which I already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story compiled by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this set contains no extras: there it would have been nice if a featurette numerous concepts could be discussed, with which Kolchak: THE NIGHT STALKER is handled, and the series into a connection with the state of the television has set at the time of its original broadcast, or even giving the lasting impact he had on the seemingly endless run of today's popular sci-fi series. In fact, Kolchak himself - in much younger and seemingly darker form - returned in a 2005 revival; This version is available in my DVD rental. However, I am not sure if I would like to try them for the different reasons soon after the 1974-5 classic!
