There are two ways to enjoy this snappy, groundbreaking TV show (the godfather of X-Files and Buffy, etc.). as a monster show (as a kid I scared hell!) or as a credited / named gumshoe / film noir. It works on both levels. The fear had been watered down over the years (it was done in the mid-70s), but I was pleasantly surprised when I rediscovered the show (via DVD) that for the latter reasons, I actually enjoy MORE. The late Darren McGavin IS Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, stubborn, crumpled newspaperman / monster hunter who always finds a supernatural perspective in his search for a story; much to the pain of Kolchak's overworked, tense boss Tony Vincenzo (played by immense world fatigue by the late, big Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his burgeoning ulcers!). The interaction of these characters is crisp and funny (similar to Spock from STAR TREK and McCoy, just more sour!). In the course of two TV pilot films and a one-year squad, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspirators, aliens, and ancient legends (sounds like the entire 9-year run of the X-Files!) In one season! And Kolchak did it first! And as for Gil Melle's cool, sometimes whistling, main title music ... Well, the X-Files' Carter, Chris Carter, calls Mike Schnee's (very similar) X-Files main title "Hommage". Both topics work well. Leave it as it is. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most KOLCHAK monsters are shown in the shadows and fast cuts (effective and sometimes grateful, some of them can not withstand the modern investigation, but some still do). Note modern horror shows: less is more! One of the show's few flaws (and it's a minor one) is the excessive use of sunny, California venues that are passing by for the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; inevitable for a modest budget, show based on L.A. And some of the minor characters seem to fall into what is (now) considered clichés (the feminist reporter Ron Updike, who is always used for comic relief, sweet old lady / counselor columnist Emily). But they all have their moments to light up (UNLIKE many TV characters ever since, cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as a template for many who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror TV series (Agent Mulder's REAL Dad). And as a footnote, I tried to see a few episodes of the show's new "re-staging". It's an X-Files clone (a copy of a copy?). And a bad one too. Carl Kolchak is now a model-pretty, frightened 30-something (played by a boring Stuart Townsend). Giving him a Scully-like partner is also a bad idea. it undermines Kolchak as a lonely Don Quixote crusader! And Kolchak and Vincenzo to meet? Where is the tension? The interaction? That they've chosen to hang the Kolbak name on this rejuvenated bastard is a prime example of how NOT to do a remake: Take a popular cult series, scratch off anything unique, and let all the character and color drip off name! Need this cult report!) And voilà! Immediate re-hash! In "Re-Imaginings 101" an "F" is displayed! This new version CONFUSES the ax! Stay with the short-lived, but classic original. It really gets better with age.
