I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER since I first saw it the night it premiered on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that were weird at the time, and the cool music of Gil Melle (where are the soundtrack guys?). I've often thought about what makes this show so complete for me, and I've come to the conclusion that the reason why many others do not exist is a simple, important element that seems to have almost no other frightening show and that this is a main character. Most people can relate to everyday level. When Darren McGavin's Carl Kolchak discovers strange situations, he reacts like most people do. He finds her strange and as he nears the danger, he fears, even though he knows he must go about trying to defeat the threat shown in this episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to face a supernatural power. He usually sets a trap and hides or waits in his wings to see if it works. Sometimes he seems so surprised that he has managed to defeat an enemy like we are. In one episode, he's looking for a monster in a sewer, but when he sees it for the first time, he runs away, but he's so reluctantly trapped that he has to return and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do things that most of us probably would not do. He's a normal guy who does a job and tries to buck, not a monster hunter. He's just involved in things that concern the supernatural he's interested in, but he does not want to be hurt or killed any more than any of us. If his plan to defeat the creature did not work, you will often see him running for his life to escape what I would naturally do in this situation. That's why, as a child, I often watched the peak of the show through my fingers. Kolchak was sympathetic and it was important to you if something bad happened to him. They were worried about him and also about the other characters. Of course, the producers and writers knew that anyone could create a monster suit, scary music, and an exciting scene, but it's all in vain if you're not interested in the characters. Darren McGavin said that the reason the show only lasted in the season was that he was sick of making a "Monster of the Week" show, and he decided not to move on. I can tell you that I was sad when this show was canceled as a child, but as an adult, I can see why it could not last long in this formula. I still love the 20 episodes and two films that saw McGavin as a limping, determined and brash, but kind-hearted INS reporter, Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who does shows or films will really understand why I loved the show. It's not the monsters, the dimly lit sets, the scary music, or the silly guest stars, though they're all vital ingredients. The secret of success lies in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's loveable, limping Carl Kolchak for rooting and grooming, it's just not a night stalker.
