It's hard to watch this movie without thinking about the TV show that would come out of it, especially if you like the TV show more like me. However, there is a lot to say for the source. Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) is a top New York sports journalist living alone in an eight-room apartment, a divorce victim and his own stubbornly sloppy mindset. Join his friend Felix Ungar (Jack Lemmon), who is looking for a place to live after his wife has thrown him out because of his stubborn, ordinary mindset. The result is a train crash and one of the most popular movie adaptations of a Neil Simon stage play. <br /> <br /> The first thing that comes first: I love this apartment! Poker table, dartboard for novelties, irregular photos of baseball players, empty liquor and beer containers, even a few Roman columns. It is a place where men can be boys. Simon and director Gene Saks do a great job of opening the stage set Oscar, the living room, by pushing the action into the bedrooms and the kitchen and giving more corners to the growing tension between Oscar and Felix, from which he can bounce off. <br /> <br /> Neal Hefti's familiar score could be heard on the TV show, but never as flatly orchestrated as here, in various arrangements that make the action on the screen beat faster as it plays. Real on-site work and night shots of Manhattan give the film an energy that is common in films made in that place and at that time ("Buddwing", "The World of Henry Orient", "Midnight Cowboy", " Manchurian Candidate "," Rosemary's Baby "). etc.) <br /> <br /> Are Lemmon and Matthau too heavy compared to Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? To be honest, the film is meant to be a more serious affair, dealing with the then unusual condition of divorce in life and frustration, which is that a relationship can not work. Simon has more in mind than typing Felix and Oscar into a game with "Password" or a joke-joke with Howard Cosell. But I do not know ... <br /> <br /> Both Lemmon and Matthau were fantastic comedians, which I love to watch, especially in the middle of this movie, as I often do in their separate films, but I never have understood why they were there is considered a great comedy team. Here, in their most respected partnership, they seem to be playing in two different films; Lemmon in a comedy drama and Matthau in a farce. Matthau is great at first and charms us with his teddy bear behavior at the poker table, but at the end of the movie he makes a turn similar to Jack Torrance's "The Shining". He responds to Felix cleaning up his apartment and serves delicious food for his friends in a way that completely turns the delicate balance of guilt on its head. <br /> <br /> While the end upsets me, the part that many find most horrible, the beginning will work well the way I see it. It's not a great comedy to watch Felix stumble around and try to kill himself, no, but it's a great way to start a great comedy that's going to be really painful before bringing warmth and laughter. (Besides, there are some great shots of the heavier parts of the city.) In the middle of the film, this scene would have been a miscalculation, but it acts as a method to prove Felix's agony and a sense of sharp relief we see, like Oscar and his poker friends argue and argue. <br /> <br /> Here Simon's lines are so great. They are the basic strength of the movie. He gets the chatter just right and real and makes it fun anyway. "I do not mind you talking, Felix, you have things to say, what scares me is that I'm starting to listen." The TV show showed how wrong it is to assume that the movie is always better. In fact, the TV show once made a good point of "accepting" something, but the film is a solid foundation and a pleasure in itself.
