This must undoubtedly be one of the most exciting comedies ever made. Starting with the animated bubbles, bubbles, the entrance to the Daytime Awards, the usual fake jumble jarred by the stars on the red carpet, the well-rehearsed and bad-acting acceptance speech, the venomous comments of the jealous co-stars and producers of the actor under false pretenses Smile. That's only in the first minutes. Then hell breaks loose and it just gets more hectic and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way, no, do it a great way. This was the first time I had seen the always charming Teri Hatcher. Although I am not a follower of Desperate Housewives, she herself is always adaptable - the same goes for Lois & Clark. Not a big fan, but when I encounter an episode, I would watch it. Robert Downey, Jr., makes a great turn as slimy, smarmy, sleepy, sycophant David Seaton Barnes, the producer who would turn his right eye to see Celeste Talbert of Sally Field leave the show, if only to finally get it done with Cathy Moriarty's Montana Moorehead. <br /> <br /> Moriarty absolutely shines in this movie, just like she had seen her everywhere else. All she has to do is scream: "I hate you, I hate you, you CREEP!" or give one of her anti-Celeste co-conspirators a wicked grin, and she lets me roll in the hallways. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very gifted actress and a damned comedienne. Sally Field gratefully says goodbye to the usual 70MM films of the Lifetime Tragedy of the Week, and we're all reminded of why she is the way she is today, after she started out of fear for nothing in the comedy. The ensuing years of the drama had masked her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the brilliant comedian blossomed, and she was glad to see her as weird as she was. The thing about dramatic actors and actresses is that you see them in heavy, serious roles, that you associate them with their character, and you can not believe it when you see that they finally have fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky were the producers to land Carrie Fisher, if only for a glorified cameo. She does not realize what kind of presence she has on the screen. She takes on a role that could easily be forgotten in the hands of a smaller actress, but she has the character, and it seems she's writing it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky was Elisabeth Shue to get thrown in the middle of it all! At that time, she was not really known. The adventures in babysitting were pretty cute (yes, I was forced into an evening show I had to pay the full price for), but she did not hold my attention - very much. But here she makes the most of her character - the niece of stars, who falls in love with the ex-co-star and lover of the star, who turns out to be the father of the niece and the star of the poor girl's mother. <br /> <br /> I'll stop there - I feel like I've practically written a book about this ingenious screwball comedy or at least a novela. If you have seen it, remember. If not, you've missed a real classic, but not really. The DVDs are made of a material that lasts at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so the hell.
