Bill Crain's rarer than a rare "Slasher" movie certainly does not follow the usual stalk and slash guidelines that are so important to his colleagues. This time, the Bogeyman uses grenades and handguns, as well as an impressive array of melee weapons. - a sin that is practically unacceptable in most Nachhalween genre pieces. But there is still enough familiarity to prevent Slasher fans from checking the rules, and the plot never goes too far from the expected path. Just as Wally Koz's surprisingly decent 555 seems to have been put together with the help of various family members, Mirage seems to have been a collaborative production of relatives of the director. Looking through the credits, it occurred to me that throughout the design of the feature, numerous "crains" in key positions were listed. Despite its relatively good circulation around the world, the film has left no mark on both sides of the Atlantic and has become a phantom of the VHS market. Anyway, it only touched me, and I forced my resources to find a copy? <br /> <br /> It's all in the middle of the dessert, and I'm sure you're not the most exciting place. Still, I have to admit that there's certainly no chance that curious John Q Laws will turn up unexpectedly. Four indisputably beautiful teenagers go into a night full of debauchery and serenity, which always seems to rub the murderous men in the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her friend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet amusing New Age hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) in a shift camp amidst a dune-like wilderness. Greg's older brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his droll friend Bambi (Laura Albert) soon turn up to join the Body Count contenders in search of an early grave. Previously, Kyle had met with Chris before his younger brother had taken the liberty of stealing his squeeze? something that Kyle does not like to forget. Sounds like a massacre? Well, what did you expect? It does not take long for someone driving a truck with tinted windows to join in with unique tricks in the sleeve of the collection. Will one of the children survive to appear for a sequel? <br /> <br /> I had trouble finding information about this feature. I do not even know if director Bill Crain is called William Crain? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official filmography, so your guess is as good as mine. Judging from the credible work behind the camera, I have to say that it's hard to believe that this is the debut of a man who has not had any cinematic experience yet. The film was stylishly photographed with some outstanding work by DP Michael Crain, and the director has a credible ability to build excitement when needed. R. Christopher Biggs' gore FX is resourceful and cruel, making the BBFC the sleepy head that inexplicably goes through UNCUT with a normally severe rating of 18. A few murders are indeed extremely macabre. One guy is buried in sand down to his neck before facing a grenade, while another literally ends up legless after losing a fight with a chain and a pickup truck! There is also some black humor, which is certainly unintentional. We spend most of the feature just seeing the killer's boots as he gets out of his vehicle and chases after the kids. But when he revealed that he was supposed to look a bit like Keanu Reeves near Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I did not quite know what to expect. Luckily, Crain knows exactly how to keep things scary, and the showdown is particularly vicious as the psychoist ridicules Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances shown by a very inexperienced cast. The divine Jennifer McAllister does an excellent job as a heroine and B.G. Steers portrays his rocker dementia with finesse. The casting director cleverly chose some of the most beautiful females ever slaughtered at Slasher Cinema, and gratefully, that does not cost the spokes potential. The soundtrack works well to build the desolate atmosphere of isolation that is carefully handled by a director who should be contracted and promoted by Hollywood Bigwigs. Look out for the great nightmare sequence that really makes horror movie, and she's the craziest. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good, late entry into the cycle, which was a bit unlucky to miss a boom year among the Slasher elite. Considering that this only consisted of seven caterpillars and a pickup truck, it has to be said that they did a damned good job. The shortcomings are numerous but never compromise the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you're more likely to find liquid gold in your coffee cup than you've ever found a copy of. If you see that it's covered in dust on the top shelf of your local video store, then pick it up. Recommended.
