Some of the best movies categorized as "comedies" actually blur between comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", also made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic overtones or dramas with a lot of humor? In many ways, "The Odd Couple" falls into the same category of being both comedy and dramatic, with in-depth foundations of human nature. Much of what happens may be funny to the public, but the characters do not laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather lighthearted television program of the 70s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just a nice guy and messy guy forced to live together because of their marital situation. These are really two opposites that must confront each other, why their marriages fall apart, and how their harmful qualities appear outside of their marriage. The neatness, the characteristic of Felix Ungar (perfectly shaped Jack Lemon) and the disorder, the characteristics of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are just the beginning and a bit superficial. As history evolves, we find that these men offer much more than just neatness rather than disorder. In short, this is really Felix Ungar, who faces an upcoming divorce from his wife Francis whom we never meet, but is an important figure in the story. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: the apartment of Oscar Madison, in which sometimes a group of poker friends depend. We learn that not only is Ungar a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what's happening to them and tries to help in their inappropriate ways. Madison says the best way to help Hungarian is to let him move in until his suicidal thoughts subside. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Madison does not know what he's getting into. Madison is a carefree happy when the irresponsible dog who last cleaned the refrigerator was probably cleaned when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grab moldy cheese, place it between two pieces of bread and throw the contents of a bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, he likes to enjoy alcohol and women for a short chat. <br /> <br /> Hungarian is not only different, he is diametrically opposed. Not only is he an obsessive nut who enjoys cleaning the home more than he does women, he knows more than most women about cooking and good food. Once he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her recipe for meatloaf. In another moment, Ungar would spend the rest of the evening cutting cabbage for coleslaw. When Madison seems unimpressed, Ungar finally admits that he did it only for his roommate because he does not like the coleslaw. Who is this guy? But he has another lovable quality: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He is so obsessed with his health that he makes strange noises in public places and claims that he helps his sinuses. He seems to have every health condition in the book. And if they had invented more, Felix would probably have them. After all, he is overly selfish. <br /> <br /> There are references to marriage throughout the film. When Madison tries to persuade Ungar to move in, he says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But he does not know that it's not the nice guy who can not handle the messy guy, but the other way round. Their friendship becomes an inadvertent infernal relationship. And the climax is the climax when Oscar invites two lonely British sisters to a meeting with strange and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and should not be missed. Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon have excellent roles whose roles hardly anyone can imagine better. It is unfortunate that the writing of this caliber is unfortunately missing most of the comedies that are produced today.
