The original movie The Odd Couple has wonderful one-liners. The whole world seems to know the story of the neurotic freak Felix Ungar and the funny, vile ox Oscar Madison. This mix of mismatched roommates led to one of the most successful TV series of all time and countless, not nearly as good imitations. <br /> <br /> The movie Odd Couple has some wonderful jokes about Oskar's flat and its sloppy habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his poker player friends asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What is the brown?" It's either very new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the line about Oskar's fridge:" It has been out of order for two weeks, I saw milk standing there that was not even in a bottle! "It's not a question The Oscar Madison by Walter Matthau is a joy he can see on screen, he's almost as good as Jack Klugman's TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with that Film is Felix Ungar by Jack Lemmon - a very honest effort in the role - the problem is that he makes Felix so depressing and depressed that he gets more annoying than weird, Tony Randall's appearance in the series brought Felix's character humor, warmth and Obviously, Tony 's Felix Unger could be annoying at times, but the TV series was about specific situations in which the trouble in the story was needed. The movie seems never to be happy, funny or interactive esting The movie Felix Ungar is a roommate who is constantly pushing you against the wall. <br /> <br /> The film still has big moments that pass the test of time "famous" meatloaf fight is one of the biggest th scenes ever! One of the other great examples of Felix "little notes" on Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker sides where Oscar is exaggerated, his "weeping" at the end after he insulted Felix, and a scene where Felix's linguine dinner (though facilitated by a funny line) appears rather depressing as weird. <br /> Maybe there was not enough time to see the brighter side of these characters, which made the series so memorable in the movie. The first 20 minutes are very boring. The same problem occurs in Felix's conversation with the Pidgeon Sisters. The end of the film is predictable and pat. There is very little care or compassion for each of them. The result is that the dark side of the movie tends to lead to depression and anger rather than comedy, unless you look at the great scenes described above. It seems that Jack Lemmons monotone character of Felix brings down the movie instead of underlining or hugging the comedy between the characters. <br /> <br /> The 70's television series really needed to be The Odd Couple as good as possible. The original movie is still very good. The TV series is much better.
