The opening of The Odd Couple has more to offer than most movies. Felix Unger (the poor guy's monogram even insults him) checks in at a New York hotel. A cleaning lady says "good night". "Goodbye," he replies. In his room he empties his pockets and then tries to take off his wedding ring, just to put the items neatly in an envelope, which is addressed to his wife and his beloved children. When the viewer finally puts it together? aha, he will go himself ?? we see him trying to open the window? oh no, will he jump ?? The poor guy is hurting his lower back. That's all you need to know about Felix Unger? His wife has left him, he is a forced cleaner and he is a hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is the special genius of Neil Simon's comedy? It's about situation and character. There are few obvious physical jokes? No kicks in the groin, no cheap gags? Only funny characters in unpleasant situations. And of course he masters the expectations of the audience. Imagine what I thought of the Swingers era when I thought of the date scene when Felix started complaining about the separation of his marriage with the girls his roommate Oscar had worked so hard to get into his apartment reach. He blows it, right? Think again. The girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry in front of them. They invite him back to their place since his meatloaf is burned because Oscar did not pay enough attention to it. He's like Flynn, right? Yes, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Great stuff. With a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful eight-room apartment, it got even bigger. You mess Jack Lemmon and Slouchy, Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why? The visual style reminded me of breakfast at Tiffany, as a great depth of field and the interplay of the different levels of action have a great effect. Particularly noteworthy is the scene in which Felix flees from Oscar closes a partition, only to realize that the partition does not cover the side from which Oscar comes. They get a real feel for the design of the apartment and thus for the proximity in which the two divorces live. The twist here is that these two are really married? to each other. The observations of married life, which could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy, become all the more poignant as they are two men.
