I do not think that I really deserve Walter Matthau as a comic actor. He was certainly wonderful in many light-hearted roles, but I reckon I always attributed his success to the meekness and recklessness of his characters, a stark contrast to the extravagant personality of his frequent co-star Jack Lemmon and, I think, a natural-minded expansion his earlier work in dramatic pictures. When Gene Sak's 'The Odd Couple (1968)' was adapted by a popular Neil Simon game, the realization suddenly came to light: Matthau is absolutely funny for himself! His Oscar Madison, who initially found the audience dirty, rude, and generally unsightly, finally managed to win over our hearts and culminated in a hilarious confession of feelings that Matthau mastered in a voice that was not quite his own , At the same time, his interaction with Lemmon is of course uncompromising, although he can assert himself as a comedian. In fact, the film rightly belongs to both actors who have never failed to illuminate the movie screen alone, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Sticking to Billy Wilder's screenplay for "The Apartment (1960)". This Neil Simon comedy builds on a rather morbid premise. Compulsive house cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), who has just been driven out by his twelve-year-old wife, attempts to commit suicide, but unsuccessfully abandons the idea after ruining his back while trying to open the hotel window. Dejected, he arrives at the house of his good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced Slob who lives alone with potato chips and green sandwiches (which may either contain very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but is soon overwhelmed by his friend's picky personality and the constant urge for absolute cleanliness. The couple form an unusual form of marriage arrangement, with Felix taking on the role of the embryo and constantly nagging wife and Oscar as a sloppy, unsightly husband who always comes home later than he should. This is a marriage that lasts barely three weeks, and in the end we can fully sympathize with Felix Ex's wife, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> 'The Odd Couple' is a terrific comedy, especially because it has a lot of heart. It is obvious that the two roommates have much affection for each other, most movingly when Felix plunges into an angry tirade instead. maybe unintentionally? At the end he informed Oscar how "he" informed his "Tops". The couple's four poker buddies (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner, and Larry Haines) are always insulting for obscure annoyance, but you can not deny they have the best of intentions. Her decision to treat Felix as if nothing happened to him may have been good in theory, but perhaps being ignored was perhaps not the right solution to Felix's gloomy feelings of inadequacy and inconsistency. Unlike some comedies based on popular stage plays {I was recently disappointed with Wilders' The Seven Year Itch (1955)}, this movie does not just hit the same chord, and the relationship between the two main roles is progressively developing tears, Laughter and disagreements.
