I received this film from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. Compared to this film (1948) with the Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Battle for Heavy Water) places the saboteurs themselves in their respective roles, though actors also played the roles of saboteurs who played this role Life in the Norwegian freedom fight given in later campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian, French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive throughout this story was the fight. The French scientists were interested in receiving around two hundred kilograms of water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to take to France to conduct laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were interested in receiving heavy water for the construction of a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could take an early lead in an invasion of Norway, and secret behavior prevented their husband escaping on his journey to Oslo, where he got the heavy water and got back the unimpeded water, the Nazis spies carefully. He was watched by two spies as he boarded an airplane, but they did not see him hopping on the other side, where he crossed the tarmac to another plane near which his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the plane as a decoy, which the Nazis later pressed down in Hamburg. However, the invasion of Norway took over the morning of April 9, 1940 Norsk Hydro and Norsk Hydro It was up to the Norwegian subway and British intelligence agencies in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered to serve eleven young Norwegians. the groups "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" who would successfully sabotage heavy water production in Vemork. This was shown in detail as they actually performed the operation, including sinking the ferry after the Nazis gave up Norsk Hydro to bring the shipment of heavy water on railroad cars to Berlin. The film was fair, though there were many splices in the Movie gave. I can recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in the history of World War II.
