An exciting farce in the midst of the world of glamorous soap operas a day! This movie is funny! Granted, films with screaming, hysterical dialogues, over-the-top acting, and melodramatic plot twists are a must. But if you do that then you will be looking forward to a true pleasure. Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the "Queen of Misery" of the daytime TV. Celeste's cuddly life is set on fire by the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost niece, and Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - as splendid as ever), Celeste's longtime lover. But Celeste has hidden a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could only bring it to the surface. In the devilish Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in full "gorgeous woman with testosterone to spare mode"), make a great effort to destroy Celestes career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the producer of soap from Weenie-Boy, secretly planning with Montana to ruin Celeste; and Rose Black (Whoopi Goldberg), scriptwriter and Celestes only confidant, and you will have a lot of help for subterranean and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like these are difficult to perform (can anyone remember) 'mixed nuts'?), but if you do it well, it can be damn funny! An important ingredient needed for a good comedy is the casting of experienced professionals who know that often the funniest things are not said, but seen in a look or an expression. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest are working so well together and clearly have a great time that it's hard not to be attracted to their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but she only attracts attention because she is surrounded by Field, Kline, and others. Moriarty plays a prominent role in the eye-catching villainage role and makes you think of the hottest fucking dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many familiar faces that you can spot in small (but very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy, and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps up the pace and the histrionics plan is headed for the big goal. It also has to mention Robert Harling's screenplay, which was carefully engineered to stage a soap opera within a soap opera. The dialogue boils with great lines that are brilliantly supplied by the actors (I would bet many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a lot of professionals who do what they do best and have a great time, get this one. If not for something else, you'll be in a good mood and make you laugh!
