It sounds a bit awkward to shock a movie about war and the Holocaust, as many of us are all too familiar with the horrors of war and violence. With the adjective "shocking", I do not want to imply that I'm surprised at the things that are told in this movie or that I did not know them before. I'm just very impressed with the way this movie works shows how crazy and incredibly awful it is to kill yourself with or without reason. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian Resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance because of her inconsistent directing, but her acting is solid enough and she has a tremendous charisma. She is very well occupied as Hanna and immediately has our compassion. Her beautiful looks naturally help, but it has nothing to do with the fact that she is just a good actress and plays a good role. <br /> <br /> In Hanna's war, there are always some discrepancies. I sometimes get the idea that director Menahem Golan (who was often despised for The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a hurry and should have allowed a few more shots per scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he made this impressive and thought provoking film, and since I am very positive, I think he has done a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's frightening portrayal of the cruel and sardonic Captain Rosza) and shows intensely the injustice and horror associated with hatred, violence and war. I get Hanna's War, especially in the second half, as a strong anti-war movie, and for that alone, Golan deserves credit. It is also this second half, in which Maruschka Detmers talent comes to the fore and creates a character who goes down in film history as one of the most talkative, strongest and most tragic actresses. It's also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose looks and acting style always remind me of Romy Schneider, who, when she was still alive and actor, would have made a similar, effective contribution to Hanna's war. The tragic effects of the second half and the desperate Tension, sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news, leads to a series of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in their tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and left me in tears. And once I realized that it was not even a fiction, everything actually happened, I had more tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be remembered forever.
