This movie captures a lot of flak, but it's usually based on the awful-looking and veiled / clad version of the movie, which has been played on US television and has also been put to death on VHS and DVD buy companies like Alpha, Unicorn and so on The film never had a theatrical release in the States, although in 1973 it was picked up by the Avco Embassy. In Spain, when there was nudity, the filmmakers shot two versions, one with clothes and one without. The completely uncut English export copy entitled "WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS" was apparently released in the 80s only in Sweden as a home video. It can be found on Ebay and the Likes and is highly recommended. My guess is that Avco shut down the movie for an R release that never happened. In 1974 it was released by Avco for television entitled FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this TV print. After 12 years, FURY OF THE WOLFMAN is displayed in the home video of the charter label. This version seems to be what Avco would release in 1973. It's the revealed version, with some nudity that would never be broadcast on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes on the charter band that are played with nudity dressed in the TV issue (the source for all those dollar-dud and VHS issues). A comparison with the completely uncut WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS shows, however, that in this version 2 scenes are cut! (Spoiler in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona Waldermar chained to the wall and whips him after he has turned into a werewolf is incomplete. After she has brought him to submission, she takes off her clothes and begins to love the werewolf !!! The werewolf also reacts positively to these sexual phenomena. This scene is undoubtedly one of the most unusual in the history of horror film and is a real pleasure. It's not a graphic, but the implied bestiality was too much for the US audience, or rather for the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not own him. Therefore, it is her whole idea to control Waldermar's wife and involve her in an affair. She wanted to ruin his marriage, and she does that while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns a werewolf, but that does not slow her down a bit. If she can not physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. This also explains the later scene in which the werewolf lies down with a woman, whom he sees naked at bedtime while he looks through his window. This scene is presented in the covered version without nudity and really makes no sense. In the unabridged version, it seems that Ilona's affections have made the werewolf horny and need to be released so that he rapes the first woman he can after escaping. The other cut is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. The US version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) also cut a very similar bedroom scene. The film certainly has problems. The director was drunk, the bad substitute for the werewolf, the gruesome English dubbing, the inclusion of sequences from the first Waldemar movie MARK OF THE WOLFMAN or FRANKENSTEIN BLOODY TERROR and the grotesque overuse of the entire film music of the film were all throughout Original widescreen format and uncut (ie: WEREWOLF NEVER) it is one of the wildest and most vile of the Daninsky werewolf series, with an unsurpassed storyline that is anything but the kitchen sink. The cut / clipped pan and scan full-frame copies of this movie are not beneficial, and unfortunately this is the version that almost anyone who comments on the movie has seen. The film is copyrighted in 1970, and I would bet that the 1972 release date on the IMDb is wrong. The film is directed by WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and was released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN fits right into the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW and provides concrete evidence. Unfortunately, a full version of it can never get a decent publication. A perfect release would be the unabridged English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. The English dubbing hurts the movie a lot. However, any Spanish-language version would reflect the covered version shown in the Franco era in Spain, where nudity was banned.
