At some point someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Fury of the Wolfman" with the great Spanish surrealists "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". The Naschy movie is a masterpiece of delirium from start to finish. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it, and they ate their hearts when they did to someone with such apparent ease what they had to lose weight. <br /> <br /> The film has no coherent structure, even though it has an action that moves from A to B to C. A few mishmashes about a "Professor Walterman" - his first name, mind you - during a Expedition to Tibet was bitten by a Yeti monster and since then no longer the same is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the crazy daughter of the well-known doctor Wolfstein, knows about his condition and reveals that his wife has cheated on him. But it's a set-up for a twisted science experiment to unleash its inner beast. <br/> <br/> "Walterman" freaks out, turns into a werewolf, kills a few people, gets killed, dies, is buried, buried, kidnapped to a castle full of circus freaks, wired to various machines, zipped in with different ones electronic effects, sprayed with powerful elixirs, turned into a werewolf, a woman in an evening dress with thigh-high Nazi fetish boots whipping him away, helps the pretty doctor to find her way out of the castle, turns with an ax of He eventually turns into a werewolf and must fight to death against the female werewolf incarnation of his cheating wife. The woman with the Nazi boots shoots him with silver bullets from her Luger pistol, they die together, and the handsome doctor goes to the morning with the studly reporter who did nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "La furia del Hombre Lobo" was written in hurry by Paul Naschy. Original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk who was infinitely intoxicated throughout the production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the script), and Naschy directed much of the film, which was not credited. Zabalza gathered enough action to cut some action scenes from one of Naschy's earlier films, Mark of the Wolfman. Luckily enough, the scenes were good enough to use twice, even if the costumes were different, and helped drop the running time after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. Post production was a nightmare. Nobody knew who took the cut, the money was used up, the masterprint disappeared for a while, and then the head of pre-release for a film distribution came to Urinate Zabalza in front of the theater in the gutter. He was too drunk to find the toilet, but at least he made it to the curb. <br /> <br /> But somehow the movie works, if you let it. It fits into these atavistic memories that we have over dark castles, arched catacombs, chains, whips and gloomy moors. Fans of these kinds of things will find it hypnotically observable, even though the entire story does not make much sense due to the broken discontinuity of the execution. In one scene the rain is pouring and the wolf man howls at the lightning; The next shot, his bone is dry and he howls at the full moon. Then it rains again. And yet you do not look at it as a jerk. It is like an unfolding dream in which contradictions are possible, opposites are the same, and the effects emanate from causes; First, the Wolfman picks up the power cord and screams, and then the cable starts to spark. People say the low budget is hurting the overall efficiency - I say the film would have been second to none if it had spent more money. It is a miracle to make something out of something, and it does not succeed from what it could have, but from what it does. It's easy to laugh at such things, and it's even easier to reject them. The trick is to be able to see through the chaos or see the chaos as part of the effect. Paul Naschy died last week at the age of 75. He had pancreatic cancer. For a year or more, he worked on film projects until his last days, but died with his family in Madrid, Spain, while receiving chemotherapy. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy of a man who stubbornly pursues his artistic vision in the face of general mainstream indifference. And yet there is an eleven-year-old kid in each of us who will love his films like "Fury of the Wolfman." Even people who dislike Euro Horror will find something to marvel at in this film, if only for a minute in some places. You can find it for free at Archive.Org or buy it on nickel for a DVD. It's worth a lot, much more. <br /> <br /> Amusingly, Naschy was horrified when he learned that many others like me regard this twisted, sick, denied little movie as a classic, if not a masterpiece of Cinema Dementia. The problems he faced during production and the confusion of a movie were perhaps too personal a disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I would never assume that I would dare to forgive him, but I would rather say this: I want to see "Fury of the Wolfman" in its grubbier, cutest and rundown public domain print than ever, though he sat the overpowering, disgusting crap at swine flu cineplexes this weekend or every other weekend. The world has lost a great artist this month. Take a look at his films and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
