I saw it when it premiered, and I saw it again at the IFC. This is a great narrative from the many possible stories about the immigrant population that came to Hawai'i to work on the sugar plantations at the beginning of the 20th century. My grandparents were part of this migration; My parents were born on a Kohala plantation (Big Island) at the time of the film. I moved to the Big Island more than a year ago after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former sugarcane fields are still undeveloped and are still growing years after the closure of wild sugar cane plantations. I have heard many stories of my aunts and uncles who grew up on the plantation. This film helps to depict such stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic movie driven by action. I shake my head to read a review like Ccthemoviemans. Some people just do not understand it. <br /> <br /> I could not remember that Youki Kudoh had the lead role with which she did an incredible job. I remember her great achievements in Jim Jarmusch's Mystery Train and in an Australian movie in which he starred with Russell Crowe on Heaven's Burning. Tamlyn Tomita has done a great job with her Pidgin English, especially for someone who did not grow up in the islands. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune had a cameo role as a moving-picture narrator. And I've overlooked the fact that Jason Scott Lee, as one of the plantation workers, had an unintentional, non-lingual role during the payday scene. <br /> <br /> I was sad when I found out that director and co-author Kayo Hatta died in 2005 from accidental drowning. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films that reflect this sugar cane plantation experience: "Gaijin" about the immigrant tube workers living in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on the experience of sugarcane plantations in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin" does not seem to have been shown for a long time. Another great film about the early Asian experience in America, when immigrants were more like slaves, is "A Thousand Pieces of Gold." This was about the participation of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, including Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
