This is probably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo, which was made so far. As a seasoned television director, well educated in telling stories and guiding his actors through long epics, he attempted to capture the essence of the very special psychological situation in which the Israelis live in this very low-priced film, even though it is under the permanent danger of terror stands attacks that lead to "distorted" lives. Each character tries to live his own life, observe and control the other while being watched and controlled by other characters, and above all by the constant pressure, political and historical forces far beyond his control. Some call this fate, but fate has a very concrete depiction in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political saying in 'Distortion'. Characters never discuss politics, not even at the level of the bastard! when they hear that a new terrorist attack is happening. Their reaction to events is the localization of the attack and the counting of victims using the official and media terminology for the dead and the injured. They do not really live, but survive the borrowed time, which is happy to have survived one bomb and wait for the next. The personal, social and professional life seems to work somehow, but is profoundly flawed and influenced by the events. The main character the director plays is a dramatist, whose personal and creative crisis is compounded in the meantime by the pressure of events and the fact that he is fortunate enough to leave a terrorist attack site minutes before the bomb blast. He hires a private investigator who follows his girlfriend, a TV investigative reporter, who he suspects will be interfering in the theme of her next show - another failed man, a former military, whose business and family lives are among the events is decomposed. He begins to write a play that copies reality and brings it to the stage, in a theater in a film scene that reminds both Hamlet and "Synecdoche, New York". It's not that I suspect Charlie Kaufman Bouzaglo is looking over his shoulder, of course he does not need it, but the Israeli director's film can anticipate the later film (and Kaufman's first directing). As in American movie actors, actors play real characters and begin to interact with them in a mélange of reality-meets-stage-meets-reality interaction that never lacks logic, or at least not artistic logic, lacks the usual talent gives them the freedom to live the situations instead of behaving them. His style is much freer here than in his TV series and the "distortion" effects, though the films borrowed from American horror movies work well everywhere. The end seemed a bit rhetorical and unsatisfactory to me, but the shadow of the suicide killer watching the movie and the entire situation in a temporal loop will also follow the viewer when he later recalls this movie.
