Distortion is a disturbing, immersive film in which life and art are imitated. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright who draws his suspicions on the subject of his girlfriend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber disguised with a skull and American T-shirt wanders through the countryside in search of his destination and nerves, Haim writes down his girlfriend's life as she films her documentary and engages the lives of his actors during rehearsals. But the bomber has already hit and Haim left the restaurant just minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, encompassing and exciting, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of Israeli everyday life, in which the political is related to the personal, where everyone lives "on the edge" and people never know Whether they play a major role in their own lives or just playfully play in a dramatic narrative of another player. Bouzaglo plays with this idea that everyone is a brilliant actor. We are always voyeurs and see what the fictive director sees illegitimate, but also what the "real" director reveals. To remind us that these insights are a violation of privacy, Bouzaglo leads us into the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and the roof), and frames his views repeatedly in television, video or security screens , Actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each actor is the star of his own production and is only weakly aware of his bad roles in the personal films of his fellow actor. The detective hired by the dramatist becomes a character in the play. The actor, who is involved in the role of the detective, seeks the detective for "tips" on how to play the role, gets caught by the detective on surveillance cassettes, and they attend a cast-party like themselves. <br /> <Despite this multitude of views the clear lines of this narrative can not be misunderstood: the playwright searches for objects, the bomber searches for a destination and the detective pursues the filmmaker. Nor is there any difficulty in finding Bouzaglo's ultimate goal - energetic and impotent Israel, fully aware of the menacing danger, but unable to perform meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the powerless, fictional playwright who can eat his own life for his game. Israel is also the bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur, who presses the documentation of the filmmaker, the fraudulent actors and actresses as well as the man with the cuckold. They are all Israel, because they are all helpless, caught up in inaction or aimless action as the bomber scans the landscape to its best destination. All the characters can do when another bomb attack is reported is to have sex and score from the victims. <br /> <br /> There is personal triumph, justification, perhaps revenge at the end of this game within a story within a movie, but viewers will yearn for Israel, even though they are narrated by Bouzaglo's memorable portrayal of a nation's plight to be admired in the story of an individual.
