I read the only available commentary on this film with great interest, and I would like to say first of all that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented on this film very well: seen from an Israeli perspective, I can imagine that that this film touches on very sensitive issues and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to a viewer more or less directly affected by the events depicted in this film. I would like to say that Distortion was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (festival 'Cinéma tout écran'), where it won the Audience Award ('Prix du public'in French). As far as I'm concerned, I liked the "nervous camera" work of Mr. Bouzaglo, who in my opinion was an extremely extreme tension and unrest in the movie, and I think most of the Swiss viewers appreciated this film in the movie. However, this perspective may seem completely "alien" to an Israeli viewer, but not surprising to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country in which terrorist attacks NEVER took place. It is therefore not surprising that the audience in Geneva judges this film with a much more distant perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a Geneva newspaper (I translate from French): After living here for 50 years and experiencing all this violence, we may wonder if it still is it is possible to stay normal. We sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to go on living. We are like the characters in my film, at the edge of the edge. This is why the private detective, who is somehow "voyeur", is the happiest character in the film because he earns his living thanks to the system, he takes advantage of this situation. "This is essentially the main thing that, in my opinion, I and the Swiss public have pointed out in this film, and that we have not paid attention to some inconsistencies with the characters in the film, which the previous reviewer has come to appreciate with great accuracy and humor has pointed. To summarize: different country = different perspective, but I think this is somehow great because it calms me down as far as the future of the cinema is concerned, that is, it is never subject to a "one of a kind". formatted way of thinking.
