A very pretty red-haired woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man with whom she connects. As the two set themselves on the run and sit side by side, the young man Jack becomes deadly, threatening Lisa to either change the room in which a politician and his wife will stay or let their father die. You see, when you fly with the coach, something like that never happens in first grade. <br /> <br /> -No more than a conflict that happens on one flight, the other thing this movie shares with "Flightplan" is sheer unbelievability *, if that's one word * of the story. The whole point is to make the main character change a politician's room so that he can be murdered, which is a pretty plausible plan, but it would not have been easier for Jack to find someone who knows about computers and hacking them into the hotel system Teenagers can do almost anything with computers today, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to make someone change him using a computer instead of espioning Lisa and She ends up in the movie. <br /> <br /> Plus One thing that struck me as odd was that no one on the plan heard a single thing they talked about very small plane, about which was spoken here, and as their voices were occasionally raised, it seems to me as if the other passengers heard. But I'm one hundred percent sure that I read in too much. The film is supposed to be as realistic as an episode of "24", so that one can not be baffled by such complexities. Despite all my complaints, this is still a very funny movie that does the job. It is not exactly the type required to turn off the brain, but at the same time it does not need much intelligence to enjoy the full enjoyment. <br /> <br /> - I'd like to sit here in my comfortable armchair raving about the brilliant acting in the movie, but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I like Brian Cox, but they do not really stretch their muscles here. It's not really a problem, as this is not the movie where the studios hope for multiple awards, and acting is not the least bit awful, just not great. Wes Craven is not the first person who comes to mind when you think of a movie like this, but he does a very good job, considering how much time she spent on filming and the lack of depth of the film Screenplay had. It was definitely a tremendous improvement over the disappointing "Cursed", and as much as I liked to do it, if he did anything else with this movie, I would still love to do what he did in the past again has talked about decades after its release. <br /> <br /> One nice thing about the movie that I really appreciated was how short the movie was. It's great to watch a nice three-hour movie every once in a while, but nowadays any movie that comes out feels too long because this movie feels like the right length. Not too long and too short. They waste no time in trying to develop the characters too much, because they know that this is not the movie for it, and thus have made a very nice short film. As a huge movie music fan, I have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra-cool score of Marco Beltrami. It is really nice to see Beltrami writing the predictable material for his great music. I'm really the cool techno / orchestral stuff he makes for the main title. Too bad that I can not find the soundtrack anywhere, the tracks would really like to listen to me instead of ripping the DVD if I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's nice for what it is and although it's far from great cinema, it should still provide some entertaining hours
