Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) just caught the last red-eyeed flight to Miami, where she lives and works. As she waits for her plane, Lisa meets the handsome and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy), and both appear to have got the impression that as they get on the plane, they find themselves sitting side by side. As soon as the plane takes off and they're in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is & that their seemingly fortuitous meeting was no coincidence, Jackson says he's working for someone who wants to murder Secretary of Homeland Security Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia). They need her to change rooms in the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson asks Lisa to call the hotel and let it happen, or her father is killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, perhaps for his horror films like The Last House on the Left (1971 ), A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Snake and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991), and the scream trilogy of teen slashers - a short, punchy, fast paced little thriller like Red Eye a big departure from the kind of movie Craven usually does. The screenplay by Carl Ellsworth is a surprisingly thrilling thriller that I have to admit of what I really enjoyed. At just 85 minutes, the movie is a very nimble, frugal and straight-to-the-point movie that focuses almost entirely on a tightly-plunged plot rather than going in different directions with lots of subplots. Some may like this approach, while others may not, but I think it pulls you a lot more into the action as it gets thick and fast, without the movie slowing down and allowing you to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Eye. I'm sure a movie like this will always have one or two questionable moments in terms of plotting, but heck, a movie made to entertain it, and for me that's the case. I really liked the two main characters, Lisa is very sympathetic, while Jackson Rippner (an obvious play by the infamous victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is a slimy villain with a cold "I just do my job" type mentality. Another plus is that I did not think anyone was acting too stupid here. Everyone actually seemed like a human and the films are relatively plausible. I really liked that and it's one of Craven's better, newer films. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a good, tight, tight, instructed and fast thriller with an attractive cast, some action and a gripping storyline. He certainly does not hang out & when he starts with the action and excitement he never gives up, the most effective part of the movie is when Rippner keeps Lisa hostage on the plane and the movie changes to the fathers of Miami & Lisa's house a bit more routine, but it is still good. A special mention goes to Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely great in it. I could probably watch Red Eye again just because she's in there and looks absolutely gorgeous. Those who see Wes Craven's name in conjunction with Red Eye expecting a horror movie should think again, as there is no horror at all (despite the IMDb, which lists "horror" as the genre of Red Eye). I'm not sure what the end is about. First, it was nice to see the villain live, which goes against traditional expectations, but it might have been more satisfying if Lisa had somehow killed him. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks appears to have given Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44 million, but reduced it to $ 25 billion, though it is still a very well-made film with brilliant production values. Actually shot in Los Angeles & Florida in California. The film was probably written with husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, who were meant for the leads, but eventually the makers decided for younger leads. As I said, Rachel McAdams is an absolute eye candy and an absolute idiot. It's worth watching the movie alone. Oh, and she also brings a decent performance. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a very fast-paced, suspenseful little thriller that I really enjoyed. I do not think I would enjoy it the way I do & I'm glad I decided to look at it. This definitely gets a recommendation from me & Rachel McAdams is really hot stuff in this ...
