Scream was the last decent thriller by Wes Craven. Since then, there has only been an unbearable streak of Hollywood garbage barely appropriate for a blockbuster night, including the disappointment of the scream sequels. Maybe the genius and craftsmanship dedicated to the movie has deprived him of all his energy and creativity, so when it's time for dinner, he had nothing to offer but his own Doo Doo Doo. After all, who knows how many bad movies later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, gripping suspense thriller with Red Eye. Once again, Rachel McAdams performs as well as she does a hotel manager Who has the unfortunate connection to an important political figure and regularly at her hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, whom she gets to know a little better after a delayed flight and a sea breeze. What she does not know is that he already knows her. And he also knows her father, whom she will never meet again, if she does not cooperate and does not meet Jackson's demands - using her connections to regularly set her hotel up for murder. <br /> <br /> You probably think this is nothing but your everyday thriller with predictability and persecution scenes. Although this is a good, old-fashioned thriller, that's the beauty. No special effects No cheap make-up. Only classic tension. You feel the despair and regret of every decision McAdams must make, and you actually care for her as you cheer her on every move she makes to escape her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, she delivers a fun and compelling performance. Either her sweet face or her uncanny ability to cry genuinely, but you always seem to sympathize with her when her role demands it. Cillian Murphy, by contrast, looks spooky by nature. Even if the trailer has not revealed it, his ultimate transition from a charming stranger to a merciless ass is not so surprising. Maybe it would have been trippier if a nice guy like Toby Maguire turned into a bad, ruthless lunatic. Nevertheless, Cillian Murphy, having established his true identity, played the role so tightly that he really wanted him to die or at least kick his ass. <br /> <br /> Do not forget this feature. There are many screeching moments on the board and heart jumpers, who are focusing their eyes on the screen rather than on their watch, as you would with Craven's current pictures. If not for you, do it once and for all if you see your girlfriend, boyfriend, or somebody with popcorn jumping and clinging to you. Wes finally made it. Apart from his trademark in terms of suspense, Red Eye is not without humor. McAdams' replacement Cynthia at the front desk tries to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you'll have the pleasure of McAdams delivering another unbelievably talented performance, Murphy scary by the minute, and Craven creating a classic traditional thriller. A flight that was delayed and would have been the start of Craven's renaissance if he had arrived directly at Scream.
