On a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami learns Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) know a charming man who turns out to be hired assassin who demands that she kills a businessman or father dies. > Red Eye is a terrific thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of the seat. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both films. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average, including excitement, acting and direction. Most of the movie takes place on an airplane, but that does not slow the movie down. The movie is very fast and exciting, with no slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the thrill, he focuses on the story and the characters. The film has its share of exciting moments, but that's not really what the movie is about. I also like the way how Wes Craven focused on the other passengers and the small details that are important later. Red Eye really shows his storytelling skills. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very appealing performance and her character is hard to hate. You can even cheer for them at the end. Cillian Murphy delivers a very scary and effective performance as a villain. It is particularly impressive how he initially seems charming, but then becomes psycho. The supporting actors are also pretty good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish and has an overall creepy atmosphere. The attitude works well as there is obviously a fear of isolation and no escape. Overall, the sound of the film is always scary. The script, however, is not as strong as anything else. There are some unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me, but there were few with whom I shook my head. The end is disappointing too. It's not a bad ending, just a very simple and different approach would have been better. Since the film focuses on the characters, there is no cry moments really, maybe just a couple of jumps. If you expect a horror movie, you will be disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an enthralling thriller and one of the best films of the summer. Rating 8/10
