I think this show is fun, but the format needs some work. First of all, the good qualities. I like how this show will take us through the everyday life of an addict, because the producers have a knack at getting the addict to show us how badly they have allowed their lives. This is followed by an intervention, followed by a result. Intervention is not covered in sweets, and sometimes the result (often short term due to the time between film and broadcast) is a negative result. This makes the positive results all the better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera work. Considering the fact that these cameramen have to push everywhere and do not have the advantage of resuming scenes, photography is surprisingly good and stable. It's actually superior to outstanding shows like "The Shield," where photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now to the bad ones. An episode sometimes contains two completely different and disconnected events that are mixed during the show. They become involved in an addict's story and are suddenly thrown into someone else's story. Get involved in this story, and suddenly you're back to the first addict ... right? By now you may have forgotten which case the person is on the screen. This constant flip-flop between addicts is really disturbing during the intervention scenes, as the show even mixes the two completely independent interactions! I once heard the B.S. Marketing. Reason for this bad design: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict gives the viewer time to record what he's watching." Oh please. The reason is obvious that there are two cases that are not big enough for a one-hour show, so mix two cases. By mixing them instead of giving each block half an hour as it should, this forces the viewer to look at the entire thing (and the commercials), if they are interested in one case but not in the other These "mixer" episodes were so annoying that I only ordered my TiVo to record episodes with an addict, but then it became easier to record them all.
