Intervention helped me with my own addictions and recovery. I'm married and have two kids. I'm pretty functional in my personal and professional life. Still, I have pains from my past, that I use addictions to calm myself, and problems that I slowly recover. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me to improve my life and relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The show, unlike many others, digs into the addict's past, revealing events that are likely to have caused their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to go back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood". The show deserves a lot of recognition to at least start this process. This digging is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much reporting on addiction - fictional and not fictional - seems to ignore the underlying issues. It's often thought that the addict started firing in one day or whatever for fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: Addiction is about killing pain. I can relate to the different events and needs in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts suffer from pathetic abuse. Some kids just do not respond well to divorce. For those who believe that addiction is an overreaction to an emergency, I would simply say that different people react differently. Although some children deal well with divorce, "others" like Cristy on the show "throw themselves on the floor" and their lives are changed forever by the event. <br /> <br /> For example, last night's counselor said that pretty young Andrea is seeking confirmation from men. She strips for a 75-year-old neighbor for money and is abused by men. Does anyone sound familiar? The series is full of information that helps us understand our own motivations and make adjustments in our lives. Often it is those of us with minor problems who suffer the longest. Even a stopped watch is said to be accurate twice a day, but a slow watch may go undetected for a while until it makes your life guilty. <br /> <br /> To the producers: Thank you for doing the show to dig into the past for follow-up. Also the graphics, the format and the theme music are brilliant. <br /> <br /> To the addicts: Thank you for sharing your courage. Whether you helped yourself or not, you helped me.
