The first animated film from Ireland is also one of the best animated films I've ever seen. It's a real warts and a story different from the other Oscar nominees and any other movie of the year or any other year. <br /> <br /> The plot of the film has the Abbot of Kells, a village in Ireland is building a wall around his city to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city should they ever attack. His nephew Brendon is a young monk who does the best he can, but meets the wrath of his uncle by doing things at his own time. When a legendary illuminator Aidan comes out of a ruined monastery, Brendon drifts towards him and his warm personality. To the chagrin of his uncle, Aiden offers to teach Brendon the lighting. To help Aidan work on his great book, which he has salvaged from his ruined monastery, Brendan goes into the woods to get material for the ink production. While outside the walls, he meets Ashley, a forest spirit with whom he has a friendship. Unfortunately, the abbot finds out that he has gone outside the wall and there is a hell that needs to be paid. But in the distance lurk the Vikings ... Forget what you think about this movie, you're wrong. Even what I have explained does not do justice to this film. It's a simple story with so much more. This is a wonderful movie about trying to navigate the world, about coming demons, and about the beauty of the world outside the walls. (As the movie says, the world is a dangerous place and does not stop, even when building walls.) It's a movie that treats its audience as an adult and deals with life, including darkness. There is death and destruction, joy and happiness. It is not covered in sugar. People die. Monsters lurking (it freaked out some of the kids), but in the end there is hope. Frankly, the darkness in this movie is completely different from any American movie. Forget the "sadness" in a Pixar movie, this is the real and refreshing, and it shows how homogeneous Pixar has become. <br /> <br /> It is an animated film by Genndy Tartakovsky (Samurai Jack) look based on the Celtic art of that time. It's a movie that looks like no other. Here again is another movie that takes the movie frame and uses it in every possible way. The pictures are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. Often the film has manipulated things to make them look like a page in the legendary Book of Kells. His breathtakingly beautiful and best-made art is brought to life. <br /> <br /> Director Tomm Moore has created a movie that is a masterpiece. I can not say more. It is a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated films I've ever met.
