While watching this movie, I was frustrated and distracted and at the end I wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and everywhere and it was too much going on. Even my A.D.D could not keep up. It felt like a slight acid disorder. Everything looked flat, there was no dimension for anything. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie halfway and smash my burnt copy of this movie. But after I finished watching him, I went online to read the movie, and I should have done some research on this movie before I look at it. <br /> <br /> Kells 'secret is loosely based on the true story of Kells' original book. A little boy, Brendan, has the task of writing new pages in what is probably the biggest book ever written. This book contains information that helps to "turn darkness into light." Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. Brendan's uncle, the abbot of Kells, tries in the 8th century to build a wall to keep the Vikings away. Brendan's uncle insists he helps to complete the wall, but a traveler and keeper of "the book" secretly trains Brendan to improve his illustration skills, and persuades him to "finish the book" and execute his word. <br /> <All the time I watched the movie, I thought I was missing something because I did not really understand what was going on. I thought I just miss a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about the original Book of Kells. After reading many articles, my opinion of the movie changed a lot. The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first New Testament books transcribed in Latin script by Irish Gaelic monks in the 8th century. In addition to paleographic and insular writing, the book is beautifully illustrated in Insular Art, a form of early art known for its complexity, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in the Book of Kells is portrayed because at that time much art, flat and dimensionality was challenged without perspective. But what differentiates the Book of Kells from other early artworks is the use of many colors. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought the animation was flat and boring. It reminded me a lot of the animated cartoon Samurai Jack, who also looked flat and "amin". After learning about the art styles of the Book of Kells, it is obvious that many of the styles in the book are imitated in the film. There are lines and whirls and various forms that inhabit Brendan's spirit. Whenever he goes into his imagination, circular shapes resembling the sun, gears, clocks, and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen are framed by decorated triangles or circles. Transitions are filled with color and Celtic knots. From the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered with shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is an entertaining little history lesson with a little stupidity adventure that interests people (maybe just kids). I think you usually have to open The Secret of Kells as half a work of art, half a movie about history. Although it looked like it was animated with Adobe Illustrator, it's a very good-looking movie. But because of the 20 films submitted for an Oscar, I do not think it's worth mentioning about Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
