THE SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animated feature that will dazzle your eye and move your heart. The film's limited budget deficits and sometimes its limited animations are more than compensated for by the visual poetry of the story of young Brendan's heroic quest to become a masterpiece in the Dark Ages. Historically, this was in the late 8th century, when the Irish learning centers were dominated by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as brutal antagonists who lie further east on the North Sea of ​​the plundering Huns and Mongols. The narrative of the film, which functions more as a parable, revolves around the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his enlightenments at a time when he permeates darkness, and his stern uncle, Abbot, who admits that Kells and his nephew seek protection with a towering wall as a barrier against the Northmen. The abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in his search for security. This is the outer conflict of the film. Brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative enlightenment that enables him to complete the most difficult painting in the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by a dragon of Ouroboros who destroys as unsuitable for this search as surely from within as the Vikings will kill from outside (that's as much of the story as I reveal!) /> <br /> What I really like about this movie is the imaginative understanding of its creators about some of the greatest works of art that survived 1200 years ago in the West. The characters are defined in flat, abstract forms as in the Original Book of Kells by lines. (Of particular note is the animal tomcat of the monk Aidan, which is defined in a few lines, but which is pure and even magically transformed.) The emotionality that Brendan and the other animated characters convey in view of their abstract design is a tribute to the outstanding artistry of the director and his animators. The decorative edges on the edge of the picture change to complement the dramatic effects of a particular scene, and this characteristic of dark light illumination is brought to a wondrous, animated life in THE SECRET OF KELLS. Of course, historical dramas tend to tell us more about our own times than about the times these dramas try to portray. However, by introducing archetypal elements into this story, the writers and directors of THE SECRET OF KELLS convey a sense of lived life from that distant time in Ireland that turns out to be psychologically correct, even though the script could diverge from the pedantic historical fact , (The group of United Nations Illuminators featured in The Secret of Kells as a rogue club is historically unlikely, but they are all well-designed, individualized characters that do a great deal to convey the universal appeal of this quintessential Irish story. ) The animation always seemed to me the best way to better understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The great artistic direction of this film is clearly based on its historical visual source, but has also been cleverly adapted to the needs of animated storytelling. If there had been animation in the Dark Ages, the SECRET OF KELLS would look like it would! After all, Brendan's hero search in this film is the artist's constant quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life, and inspiration. (Without preaching or even being particularly Christian, this film affirms the dictum of Jesus: "Man does not live on bread alone.") In my estimation, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLEV, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. The SECRET OF KELLS expresses the same sense of mystery and amusement about the artist's visual search and creative process. It's certainly not as profound as ANDREI RUBLEV, but - hey - it's a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to young and old alike.) I think this movie will easily survive recurring films: in its humble, life-affirming manner, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
