The Secret of Kells is an independent, animated feature that offers us one of the fabled stories around the Book of Kells, an enlightened medieval manuscript with the four Gospels of the New Testament. I did not know that this book actually exists, but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much easier. There are a few stories and ideas about how the book was made, who wrote it, and how it survived for more than 1,000 years. This is one of them. <br /> <br /> We are introduced to Brendan, an orphan who lives in the abbey of Kells in Ireland with his uncle Abbot Cellach (spoken by Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach builds a massive wall around the abbey to protect the villagers and monks. Brendan does not like the wall and the other monks do not. They are more focused on reading and writing, for which Abbot Cellach has no time left. He fears the "Northmen," those who plunder and leave towns and villages empty and burned. <br /> <br /> One day a traveler comes from the island of Iona near Scotland. It's Brother Aidan, a very wise man carrying a special book that's not finished yet. Abbot Cellach grants him permission to stay and Brendan buddy with him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First he needs ink for the book, but he needs certain berries. The only way to reach them is to venture outside the walls and into the forest, an area that is out of reach of Brendan. When he sees that he is the only chance for Aidan to continue his work, he decides to retire to the berries before his uncle notices his absence. She lets Brendan pass to the berries and becomes similar on the way of his company. She warns him about the imminent danger in the dark and not to distract himself with it. There are worse things than Vikings. From then on, Brendan encounters more challenges with the book and the emerging certainty of the invasion. <br /> <br /> I like the story a lot more now, because I know what it's all about. Now, if you know what the Book of Kells is and what it contains, the animation makes perfect sense. I'm sure you've seen pictures or copies of ancient texts from hundreds of years ago, whose borders, colorful pictures and extravagant patterns, creatures and fonts decorate the pages. Similar to the opening pictures of Disney's The Sword in the Stone. The animation here contains many similar designs and patterns. It creates a very unique viewing experience where the story and the animation almost surpass each other. <br /> <br /> I could not take my eyes off the incredible details. This is one of the most beautiful 2D animations I have seen in years. It is alive, stimulating and full of life. The figures are constantly surrounded by motifs, scribbles and patterns in trees, on the walls and in the air, which just flies around. It improves the movie. <br /> <br /> The story is satisfactory, although I think the end could have been a little more. I think with a running time of only 75 minutes there could have been something special in the final act. There is not much information and it does not really matter to the meaning of the book. We are reminded of its meaning but never quite understood. We are told that there is hope, but never why or how. That was really the only missing part of the movie. Otherwise, I found the story interesting, although it was completely surpassed by the animation. <br /> <br /> I think that is fine to a degree. The animation can carry a movie until it is too short. The story lacks some parts, but it's an interesting version of a fascinating piece of history. I would recommend looking up the Book of Kells for a moment, just to get an idea of ​​what I and this movie are talking about. I think it will help your viewing experience more. This is a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should not be missed.
