There is a theory of time that says that all the moments that ever existed and existed actually exist now. It's a bit too much to wrap around, but perhaps a comfort to those who wish to return to a simpler time and a simpler place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), this was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-thirties, when her youth and her glamor held the greatest promise. If I could travel through time on my part, it would go back to the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe to a place like Willoughby, but that's another episode. <br /> <br /> One thing that would not be so special in 1959 was to deal with all that clunky machinery just to watch an episode of The Twilight Zone. How many roles do you think should catalog the entire series and then find a specific story you wanted to see? I think you have to consider the trade-offs, the ease versus simplicity, to be in the moment or to take the time to put it right where the story begins. Inserting into a CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling was writing a story very similar to Sunset Boulevard. Ida Lupino's character mirrored Norma Desmond a little too closely to be considered as an original concept. Martin Balsam portrays a very similar character as Erich von Stroheim, the husband has become a butler whose loyalty is undisputed. Where the story goes is connected with how Danny (balm) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) ask Barbara Jean to deal with reality and clarify the cobwebs that paralyze their existence. <br /> <br /> Ida Lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were "not big, but a nice showcase". Watching every episode of The Twilight Zone and seeing who emerges from the past few days is a real treat. Sometimes you get a two-fer, like Lupino and balsam. Celebrities who sometimes made themselves felt before the series began and sometimes afterwards. Along with the stories the program has produced, it is not surprising that they still manage to entertain so well today.
