After meeting the viewers with three very different episodes, Serling introduced the audience in The Twilight Zone in a very strange way, ordering one of the series' biggest breeders to be the fourth episode. "The Sixteen Millimeters Shrine" is one of the more inconspicuous episodes that focus on the inability of an aging movie star to cope with the changing times and only introduce a supernatural element in the final few minutes. Due to this approach, the episode is initially under tension, but the subsequent visits show that it is a thoroughly noble written short story. <br /> <br /> Both starring roles, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam your frustrated but caring agent shine in their performances. The main problem of the episode is that the supposedly 25-year-old recordings of the actress do not convince. Lupino looks the same in the young Trent as in the middle Trent, which significantly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino appears to convince us of her desperation to return to the past. It's a situation that most people can sympathize with, yet Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She is a prima donna who does not think much about the feelings of her fellow human beings, such as the catastrophic, withered co-star she cheats away tactlessly, reminding her of how long her glory days have been. So it's a bit surprising that she's rewarded with a happy ending. It's clear what will happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen, and she's skilful at the first moments when Trent scares her maid by stepping behind the screen. In the beginning, though, it's not clear if sucking into the projector will be a reward or a hard lesson if we appreciate what we have and live in the moment. As it turns out, Trent is allowed to return to the past he longs for, a testament to how powerful man's wishful thinking can be. <br /> <br /> "The sixteen-millimeter shrine" gets better with each viewing. The first-rate writing and acting together is a short game of tremendous power that reflects the nature of man long after the past, even if we can never return. Except in the Twilight Zone.
