A theft at night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks before the RAPTURE and the weeks after this crucial event. <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed both the production values ​​and the content values ​​of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> THE PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie with a footwear budget, so it'll look a bit cheesy (if your standard Hollywood fare is A-List). Compared to other independent films, this film is quite acceptable. More important than acting style, costumes and music is the narrative itself. Is the story convincing? Do the dramatic moments work? Does the history of the story increase to a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes". As a side note, the really important technical things - continuity, sound, lighting - are fine. The viewer can watch the program without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship. <br /> <br /> CONTENT VALUE. The message of the film is outstanding. Considering how many ideas the filmmaker developed within a short 69-minute period, one begins to appreciate his art. He presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of falling back, the truth of the Rapture and the danger of a world-dominating satanic government with flickering, imagination and, most importantly, an evangelical film, with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) He shows us by action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is achieved in a subplot where the zookeeper is bitten by a poisonous snake and nearly dies. The only remedy is blood from someone who is immune to the snake venom. The poison is like sin; The healing is like the blood of Christ shed on the cross. (2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has different characters who explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. Incidentally, the fact that a movie produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogues and scenes that convey a clear message of salvation in explicitly evangelical Christian language, imagery, and theology quite acceptable. To criticize this film for being explicitly Christian is absurd. It's almost like criticizing a Nike commercial for promoting sportswear. What else would evangelical Christian filmmakers do, if not a film that sets out their case? Also, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that the unbeliever will be left behind in a godless world is completely acceptable again. The filmmaker takes advantage of the dramatic potential of this idea admirably. How should I know? I heard of A THIEF IN THE NIGHT from a woman who saw the show in 1974. it still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say that? All in all, a very enjoyable, thought-provoking show. I intend to show it to my teenage group in church.
