Elvira, Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Dassa Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Frank Flison, Jack Fletcher, Kate Brown, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Scotland, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. Elvira, Mistress of the Dark was an 80-year-old TV icon who had her own late-night show on cable. She hosted and presented classic American horror films, many of them campy, with her own jokes and humorous remarks. The actress Cassandra Peterson has witnessed this success until then. In 1988 her first film was released. She plays herself and organizes monster movie shows, but longs for her own show in Las Vegas and earns a lot of money. Her agent Manny is a disappointment. It does not take long for her to inherit a mansion from a deceased relative, a dog and a book of recipes. She comes to claim her inheritance in a small town in Nevada - she was on her way to Vegas and lost herself - and soon gets the tidy community moving. The extremely conservative city councilwoman Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the small town. Her lush figure and victorious personality soon attracts the youth of the city. She falls in love with Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), the town's artisan / carpenter, but before a real relationship can blossom, she gets into great trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a sinister older man who will also inherit some of the assets of Elvira's relatives, is indeed an ancient wizard who has a personal revenge on Elvira's aunt and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book of powerful magic, a power he wants to claim for himself. He plans to overthrow Elvira by having the city burn her at the stake. How does Elvira get out of this? The movie was not a hit at the box office because it attracted an audience of mostly young audiences who were familiar with the Elvira show on cable. To be honest, this is a fun and comfortable movie. The script is chalk full of all sorts of jokes, some of which are bad, some are good, lots of sexual allusions, visual jokes and general pugnacity, d. H. The funny last scene where Elvira finally has her own strip show in Vegas. This movie is a cult classic directed at Elvira fans. You can not enjoy this movie otherwise. It is also a retrospective of the "pop" culture of the 80s. Elvira was just as much an 80s icon as Alf, Vicky, the robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
