Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a humble icon and cult figure in the world of horror and evil monster films since she began her career in the 1970s and 1980s. While Ms. Peterson took on various supporting roles in films that covered a wide variety of genres, it was her TV character Elvira that made her most famous. Part of her charm? and respect from the fans? That's because she never turned her back to the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other well-known actors and actresses who like to distance themselves from their "early" work). I've only seen pieces and pieces of their TV appearances, but their cameo role in Ghoultown's new tribute song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to learn more about their stuff. One thing was clear to me long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira had become a force itself when the mid-80s came. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after making films like "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" tributes to and spoofs of their television work, it was finally time: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark," the movie. Now I had seen the trailer in the VHS rental days, but it took until last week until I saw the actual movie. A few years ago, I managed to see "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason that did not impress me. Was it really forgotten, or should I give it another clock? Now I really feel like watching it again, because this first Elvira movie from '88 really convinced me. Although it may be partly responsible for making this film work, Sam Egan and John Paragon may be responsible for their contributions to the script, but there is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a good feel for the comedy (she has that, too) Written script). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of the great aunts (of whom she has never heard anything before), she uses it as a long-cherished opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. To inherit her right, she travels to a quiet New England town. But the burly city dwellers of Falwell are expecting something good. In no time at all she succeeds in shocking and insulting all notable inhabitants of the conservative town with their (often unintentional) provocative behavior. To make matters worse, her inheritance is not what she expected: a run-down mansion, a cookbook and a poodle. What she does not know and her bad uncle Vincent Albot does is that her great-aunt was a witch and the cookbook contains recipes to bring together the hellish darkest forces imaginable. And if you have not turned off the movie yet, when Elvira prepared her first dish from the recipe book, then you can count on you to expose this ride with a smile on her face. <Br /> <br /> It's surprising how a script that was put together with dumbbells, funny one-liners, film references, inside jokes and taste experiences also tells a coherent story. Of course, simple, but consistent. While other films that rely heavily on gag-like situations often lose track of the story (such as the Naked Gun movies), this film is not. Many horror comedies were produced in the 1980s, but not many of them worked. Not to mention a horror parody that someday does not derail ("Killer Party", though I'm grateful that it will be completely screwed in the finale) or too boring too soon ("Saturday the 14th"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it does not lose track and is constantly evolving into a slightly grotesque finale, including a supernatural showdown in the streets of Falwell between the newborn witch Elvira and the evil uncle sorcerer Talbot. This includes a real honest God witch hunt and Elvira's own moment involving the stake. <br /> <br /> I tell you, there is no power in hell that could make this movie go wild. One of the first giggles I got was already during the opening credits when the name of Daniel Greene appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later his stupid macho face). How can you not forget Daniel Greene once you've seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen "Atomic Cyborg", I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh with his face in that face. And by the way, I never imagined that Elvira would look so cool while carelessly driving away from a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made this shot look better.
