"Night of the Living Homeless" was a pretty strong finish to the first half of the 11th season. Obviously a parody of various zombie movies, especially Dawn of the Dead. This episode suits the homeless with the living dead, as creatures that feed on flourish of spare money instead of brains. <br /> <br /> Kyle is blamed for the sudden outbreak of mass homelessness when he heartily gives a homeless $ 20 home to his son. More and more homeless people infiltrate South Park until the city is completely overrun by them. This is a very powerful Randy Marsh episode as he takes on the role of adult shotgun leader who takes refuge on the roof of the Park County Community Center. But before Randy makes it to the community center, he is approached by hundreds of homeless people, while he is weird "I have no change !!" Unfortunately, the refugees lose Gerald Broflofski to the homeless as he tries to escape by bus outside the city and inadvertently throw away all his bills for the bus to distract the homeless. Then he becomes one of them and asks everyone for change. <br /> <br /> The boys are trying to figure out why there are so many homeless people in South Park and finding a man who is a director of homeless research. They find out that the nearby town of Evergreen used to have a similar problem with homeless people, so they flee to Evergreen to find out what they've done to solve the problem. Unfortunately, homeless people invade the man's house and he tries to shoot himself by shooting himself. However, he fails several times as he shoots himself in the jaw, in the eye, in the chest, in the neck, in the shoulder and screams terribly until he finally dies. This scene might have been funnier if a similar scene had not happened in "Fantastic Easter Special" two weeks ago. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a refugee member discovers that the real estate value has fallen because of the homeless problem. So the bank has sealed off his house and left him homeless. Randy turns immediately and holds the gun to the man's head. When the man finally asks the others for a few euros to help him, Randy pushes the trigger. In Evergreen, the boys realize that the city's citizens have sent homeless people to South Park, and that the handing over of the homeless is happening city to city across the country. The boys modify a bus that takes the homeless out of South Park and brings them all the way to Santa Monica, California. <br /> <br /> The zombie movie parallels and the great Randy Marsh lines definitely make this bus come alive. 8.10
