"Why did you make them that big, why did not they just give the money to the poor?" The question of cathedrals was asked by a student to Mr. Harvey during an excursion to the Cathedral of Salisbury. "That's a good question," he answered. "Partly to inspire them - to make them look up in awe." I am not sure that cathedrals will affect everyone like that, but this film certainly influenced me. It was fantastic! <br /> <br /> It did not start that way. For a while, it seemed nothing more than a depiction of a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you have ever been to a high school excursion, this is basically the thing. They have a group of largely disinterested children who are only happy to leave school for a day, the bus driver who has gone crazy, and some teachers who are desperately trying to keep everything under control. I was there, got the t-shirt, was my first reaction. I thought this would end up as a typical story of a teacher who succeeds in inspiring a group of uninterested students. YAWNING! But it turns out so much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a gloomy, not smiling teacher with a curious fascination for cathedrals. As the film progresses, its story slowly becomes the center of the story. We also get acquainted with some of the problematic students - especially Helen, who is brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who deals with self-mutilation. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious movie, but it does contain some powerful reflections on religious topics. As Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says, "I do not care what someone believes unless he tries to impose it on someone else," Harvey replies, "that's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - which in fact (in my opinion) often applies to religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. As Harvey climbs back into the bus, director Susanna White slowly swings the camera up so that the final shot is simply from heaven - back to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to make people look up in admiration , The cathedral reaches its destination. We reverently look into the universe, looking for something bigger than ourselves, however we want to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie. 9.10
