Match 1: Tag Team Table game Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started a day of Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the game, both opponents must play tables to win the game. Benoit and Guerrero got hot early, hammering first Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex from Benoit to Bubba took the wind from the Dudley brother. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee held him back while Benoit and Guerrero faced him in the corner. While Benoit trudged on Bubba, Guerrero set a table outside. Spike stormed into the ring and hit the top rope on Guerrero outside! After recovering and looking after Spike, Guerrero slid a table into the ring and helped the Wolverine build it. The tandem then prepared for a double superplex from the middle rope that would have led Bubba through the table, but Spike threw the table over before his brother collapsed! Guerrero and Benoit left another table in the corner and tried to throw Irish Whip Spike through the table, but Bubba ran in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and dropped both enemies into abdomen! Bubba hit Guerrero and Spike stomped off the top rope onto the Wolverine. Bubba kept Benoit in check so Spike could get into the water! Headbutt! Shortly thereafter, Benoit spiked in the crossface, but the game continued after Spike's strike. Bubba rescued his brother and brought Benoit to a table. Bubba jumped off the middle rope, but Benoit moved and let Bubba crash through the wood! However, since his opponents did not push him through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was eliminated shortly after when Spike tucked Eddie out of the apron with a Dudley Dawg through a table! Benoit brought Spike around the table a moment later to improve the score. Within seconds, Bubba hit a Bubba bomb that brought Benoit through a table and gave the Dudleys victory! Winners: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia into the ring, for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman held together and dashed over the ring, but ran back in and grabbed a bit more. When Kidman thwarted Noble's movements, Noble escaped from the ring, where Nidia encouraged him. The fight spread outside the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was torn down with a modified arm bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's injured damage hindered his offense, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to clear away Kidman with a powerbomb, but the challenger countered to a facebuster. Kidman ended everything with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble stopped the attempt. Kidman again opted for the Shooting Star Press, but this time Noble just got out of the way. Soon after, Noble turned Kidman into a power bomb and got the pin to keep his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal next challenged Jeff Hardy to win the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top rope and brought him down from the ring apron with a hurray canrana. Back in the ring, Jeff whipped the whisper in the wind to beat Regal for a loop. Jeff chose the Swanton Bomb, but Regal pulled his knees up to hit Jeff with a crushing shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick rollup and picked up the pin for the European Championship! Regal began howling as he watched Hardy celebrate on his way up the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy Game 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho had promised to end John Cena's career in their game at Vengeance, which came next. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson when her match started by putting him on the mat. Jericho continued to beat Cena around the ring until his arrogance defeated him. While he was on the top rope, Jericho started the showboat and allowed Cena to grab him for a superplex! Cena followed with a tilt-a-whirl slam, but was shot in the stomach with an unpleasant dropkick. The freshman recovered and hit a stomach to beat Suplex, but could not take Y2J away. Jericho stormed into the Lionsault, but Cena dodged the crotch. Jericho had nailed a bulldog and then connected to the Lionsault, but did not go to the cover. He pushed Cena to his feet to build the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas to reverse the step into a plug-in and get the 1-2-3! Jericho became angry after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Game 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs. Disrupted Brock Lesnar The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View got tangled up with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock grabbed the title from the Ref and squeezed his shoulder briefly as he stared at RVD. The speed of Van Dam brought Brock up early. The big man rolled out of the ring and frustrated the steel steps. Brock pulled himself together and took the responsibility. As Paul Heyman beamed along the ring, Brock threw RVD on the hard ground outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overwhelm RVD and threw him over the top rope with ease. RVD landed painfully on his back and suffered as his spine was cracked at the steel ring steps. The fight returned to the ring, with Brock pushing RVD around the ribs. RVD broke and broke Brock with a kick in the temple. RVD followed with the Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to beat out after two points. The fight looked like it was over when the RVD was aiming for a five-star Frog Splash. However, Brock pulled Van Dam on the shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD whirled Brock into a DDT and followed with the Frog Splash! He went to the pin, but Heyman pulled the ref out of the ring! The referee immediately demanded a disqualification and swapped punches with Heyman soon! After that, RVD jumped from the top rope to Brock and threatened to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's leg and Brock lifted the champion and this time he teamed up with the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Show Booker T introduced himself as a single player in the Big Show. Shower withstood Booker T's kicks and punches and hit Booker in the corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker took a chair on the ring, but Big Show pushed it back into Booker's face. Booker tried to get back into the game by swallowing Show with a camera cable on the ring. Booker slammed a television monitor from the position of the Spanish announcer into the skull of Show and then gave a shearing kick that brought both men through the table! Booker crawled back into the ring and Big Show stumbled shortly thereafter. Show grabbed Booker's neck, but was hit by a deep blow and a kick in the face. Booker climbed onto the top rope and nailed a fall buck to get the needle! Winner: Booker T Announcement: Triple H went into the ring with a thunderous ovation as fans hoped to find out where The Game would end up. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to apologize for his personal business. When Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised his personal life would never come into play again. Bischoff said he has been networking in Hollywood for the last two years. He said everyone was looking for the next WWE Superstar breakout, and they all talked about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that Triple H would get the best odds on RAW. Stephanie McMahon stepped out to spend her own pitch. She said that they know each other very well because of their personal history with Triple H. She said that the two were once unstoppable and they can be again. Bischoff interrupted her and asked her to stop. Stephanie quoted Triple H as telling her once, as Bischoff said, Triple H has no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said he was young then and did not know what he had, but he has much more experience than Stephanie. The two kept fidgeting until Triple H kicked his microphone. The game said it was easy to say "fuck you" to one of them. Triple H shook Bischoff's hand, but pulled her away. He said he would rather go with the devil he knows than the one he does not know. But before he could go any further, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted was to cause trouble. He did not want to interfere, but remembered the promise to bring Triple H to the NWo. HBK said there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is better friends. HBK told his friend to get them back together and make Bischoff's life hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he turned around and hugged HBK and officially made his move to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff was pleased with his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two was that he had testicles and not. Stephanie hit Bischoff on the side of the head and left her! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match started with loud "USA" songs and Hogan, Christian pushing through the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over from there. But Edge kicked Christian and gave Storm a facebuster to bring the day to Hogan. Hogan started to hulk and soon caught Christian with a big boot and a leg crash! Storm disbanded the count and Christian threw Hogan out of the ring where Storm superkerked the icon. Edge came in shortly after, dropping both enemies. He spit both into the cornerstones, but missed a spear for power and instead hit hard on the referee. Edge nailed a DDT, but the ref was down and could not count. Test ran down and took down Hogan before unbalancing Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the needle, but Edge left after two. Riksihi sprinted in to fend off Test for Edge to recover and skewer Storm. However, Christian distracted the reflux and Y2J stormed in and hit Edge at the Tag Team Championship! Storm turned around and got the pinfall to win the title! Winners and New Tag Team Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE's Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. The Rock vs. Kurt Angle and Undertaker Three of the most successful WWE superstars faced each other in a triple threat match and the Undisputed Championship was at stake. Taker and The Rock saw Kurt Angle right next to each other and asked for some attention. He got attention in the form of a decline from the other two men. Soon after, Taker spilled out of the ring and The Rock battled Angle. Angle gave a number of suplex rockers, but the big guy countered with a DDT who scored a two count. The fight continued outside the ring, as Taker came to life and Angle repeatedly clothed and repeatedly The Rock smacked. Taker and Rock rejoined the ring and Taker dropped The Rock with a sidewalk slam to get a two count. Rock bounced back, grabbed Taker by the throat and swallowed him! Angle broke off the pin attempt that probably gave The Rock the title. The rock retaliated by locking the ankle lock to Kurt Angle. Angle reversed the move and Rock Bottomed the People's Champion. Soon after, The Rock eliminated Angle and beat the People's Elbow on Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of him by deactivating the big guy outside the ring and hiding Taker, who stepped out of the game after a two count. In front of the ring, Rock took a long sip from a nearby water bottle and spat the liquid in Takers face to dazzle the champion. Taker did not remain unfit for long and managed to overpower Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed a guillotine drop on Angle and lay down on the apron. The skirt got up in time to break off an attachment attempt to Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and made him ready for a chokeslam. ANgle tried to sneak up with a steel chair, but Taker reached out to this buddy and knocked it out of his hands. The referee fell into the fire and did not see Angle beat Taker stupidly with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker when The Rock fell to the ground, but the dead man somehow lifted his shoulder. Angle tried to hold Rock, but he also stepped out. The Rock got up and landed at the sniper's angle! Angle looked like he was about to knock, but Taker kicked The Rock out of his grasp. Taker picked up Rock and dumped him at Last Ride. While the dead man covered him for the victory, Angle ran in and lifted Taker in the ankle lock! Taker went mad in pain, but could counter it. He picked up Angle for the last ride, but Angle put on a triangle choke! It looked like Taker was about to die, but The Rock broke Angle's grip just to hold on to the ankle closure. Rock got out of the hold and watched Taker Chokeslam Angle. Rocky met Rock Bottom, but Taker refused and went out. Angle whirled Taker high in the Angle Slam, but was set and fixed by the big ones in the Rock Bottomed! Winner and New WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! The PPVs have not been very good lately, but this one was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
