Many people know what it feels like to lose a loved one. The feelings of pain, grief and grief can be unbearable. Sometimes, however, the memories they leave trigger the saddest emotions. The theme is featured prominently in the short film 'Tulip', directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffiths. Described as a "film that speaks of both memories and love," a series of sensitivity and sentimentality expertly fits into this 15-minute film. A heartwarming story about a man's journey to the loss of his wife through the Relationship that he associates with a very special animal, "Tulip". The movie begins with dawn rising, the chirping of birds and a vast landscape that introduces the sense of rural harmony throughout the film. A soft music plays the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She is wearing a flower dress and apron with a sunhat on her head. She gently strokes Tulip, stroking her ears and patting her back. The decor of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is good (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench) that reflects the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as she spoonfuls the milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of camaraderie and teamwork. There is no word spoken, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and loving. They draw a perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The tragic death of Ruth influences Will deeply. An effective scene in which cars fade shows Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral. Soon he sinks into depression and becomes unaware of his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. In Will's moment of despair, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, the real connection Will has with his dead wife. Through Tulip, Will learns to cope with Ruth's absence and overcome the heartbreaking feelings of loneliness. Each of the characters is realistic and solid, especially the part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Every sagging of his shoulder and every frown on his forehead make the viewer feel strongly about his character. The character of Ruth is wonderfully executed by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a word throughout the movie, her sweet personality and loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give lovely performances in supporting roles like the friendly Margaret and Mary. They also give the bittersweet story a subtle sense of humor. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from Griffht's childhood, the story of loss and discovery is remarkably recorded in 'Tulip'. Beautifully filmed and superbly played, this movie will surely make you foggy, triumph or drink like a cup of milk.
