Lars von Trier's Europe is a worthy echo of The Third Man, an American who entered Europe after the Second World War and engaged in a dangerous puzzle. Jean-Marc Barr plays Leopold Kessler, a German-American, who had not joined the US Army during the war, arrives in Frankfurt at the end of the war to work with his uncle as sleeping car creator of the Zentropa Railway. What he does not know is that the war is still secretly taking place with an underground terrorist group called Werewolves, which targets American allies. Leopold is strongly opposed to any party, but is attracted and seduced by Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa), the daughter of Femme Fatale, the owner of the railway company. Her father was a sympathizer of the Nazis, but is pardoned by the American Colonel Harris (Eddie Considine), because he can help to get the German transport system working again. The colonel soon challenges Leopold or forces him to be a spy (without giving him the choice or the opportunity to think about it) to see if the werewolves can make attacks on the trains. Soon, Leopold is embarking on an adventure by engaging with both sides of the conflict in a mysterious and film-neutral way, where not everything and everything is as it seems. It is amazing to see how the naive Leopold takes care of everything (his lover, the terrorists, the colonel, annoying passengers, his unfortunate uncle, even the officials of the railway company who want to examine his work ethic), before finally assembling and humorous and violent take control. The movie is endlessly unpredictable. <br /> <br /> The film was filmed in style, it always takes place in the winter with snow at night. The picture is taken in black and white with color shots that appear randomly everywhere. Background screens that display opposing images appear forward with the images. Add the hypnotic tale of Max von Sydow and Europe will be a dream place that is out of this world. <br /> <br /> This is a personal favorite movie of mine now.
