I read a couple of reviews of this TV movie, in which everyone said that the movie dragged on too long and was basically just sensational entertainment. I agree that the movie may take a bit too long (2:30 would have been enough ...), but I do not think he's making the theme sensational. Jim Jones' extended power outing and his slow deterioration in mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated voyeuristically. The film takes time to show how Jones has recruited followers (Brenda Vaccaros and Brad Dourif's character are outstanding in this matter), but also to see a weird change in Jones' perception of reality. It is incredible that an egalitarian, left-leaning and compassionate preacher becomes such a destructive and cruel dictator. Maybe the movie does not go into Jones's reasoning enough, which can sometimes make the whole exam superficial (which could also have had to do with censorship ...). But Powers Boothes amazing performance makes everything come true. I do not know the details of the real Jim Jones life, but Boothe certainly makes the monster he plays believable and real. The film features many strong scenes, including the sermons of Jones, Jones's meeting with Father Divine (a notable James Earl Jones), the visit of Congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) to Camp Guyana, and, of course, the suicidal scene. It's a pretty bleak sight, and Boothe is commanding in those last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the suddenly skeptical followers, as does Veronica Cartwright (as Jones' wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it's time to drink the murderous potion. The relative tranquility at the end of this scene, the tasteful alignment and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment all have the effect that these images can not be erased from the head. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. Worth seeing, if only one of the really terrible events of the 20th century in mind. So as not to let it repeat again. Ironically, the inscription in Jim Jones' camp: "If you do not know the past, you must necessarily repeat it."
