Most successful comic films usually rely on having bad guys bigger than life. The Tim Burton Batmans had it, as well (more grotesquely) Sin City. With Dick Tracy producer / director / star Warren Beatty, the villain stacks up until he becomes part of the frame. Like a hilarious tribute to the gangster images of the 1930s - this time only for kids as opposed to the darker Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy is filled with joy with archetypes and glowing primary colors in which the criminals carry machine guns and form themselves on faces to shape their personalities. Bad guys like the henchman, shoulders, lips, forehead, mumbling, the blank, pruneface, spud. Chester Gould gave his characters the names that suited their profile, and gave his hero a chin to cut glass with. The film is a sequel to sight gags that are taken absolutely seriously. <br /> <br /> When at the time movies like Batman and (undervalued) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were dark portrayals of reality in a comic book outline, Dick Tracy is more of an "old school". It's a story of policemen and crooks, or rather a police officer, detective Tracy, who tries to make Big Boy (Al Pacino, in his best performance to date, and in a sense, the one who makes sense for his grandiose style) to blow up. but without such luck. There's also a kid who's just called the kid (Charlie Korsmo, called Charlie Korsmo), who somehow brings more sperm to that little kid than you would have imagined, and Tracy is interested in Tess. And then there's the nightclub 'lady' (Madonna, who probably will not do a great acting job, but maybe that suits the role well, and she sings excellently when asked to), which does not testify, unless Tracy allows for feelings he does not allow for her Then there's a complicated dealing with Tracy, and a mysterious, masked character with a shrill voice. By now, as if you were playing a Howard Hawks imitator in a burst of visual effects and bigger explosions, Dick Tracy adds the winking comedy and the action like the syrup on a big stack of pancakes. It is a miracle to look at this world created in a way that has a fascination that it would have done today if it were simply represented by the representation of computers (ie H. Sin City) Right to compare with Beatty's movie). We're being driven through the world in great settings, and then in big cut montages with camera angles that seem to come from those little sloping screens in the old comics, the plot or whatever. I almost remember the Cotton Club during these sequences, as story, music, details and a few BIG shots and shots do a lot to show what needs to be said, what is not really there anymore, and there is a lot catchy dialogues from the script (one of my favorites: "The enemy of my enemy is ... my enemy", plus Pacino's references to other numbers in quotes). <br /> <br Dick Tracy is in the cinema for the first time after seeing her in the cinema for the first time (and remembers only small parts). This is a hard-bitten fantasy. It's full of good humor for the kids, and with some pretty good action driven to the center without the more sinister intentions of his cousin comic films (eg PG-13 fare), and for the adults with their setback dizziness and a solid sense of the inconspicuous. Even Dustin Hoffman shakes it and barely says an audible word!
