The opening credits make a brilliant, atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment with a touch of comic strip. All the good people are good, all the bad guys are bad and the movie is packed with well-known character actors dressed in gruesome make-up to describe their characteristics. Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy is the ultimate tough guy, invulnerable, usually quiet, always a better fighter than the other, and seldom one who limits the limit of legality. Al Pacino, as a "Big Boy", steals every scene of Caprice as a hunchbacked gangster in an unidentified 1930s gangster metropolis. Maddonna plays the kind of person she would probably best play, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and Femme Fatale, who has her own little plans. Gleanne Headly is Tracy's tough, stubborn, longtime girl. And then there's The Kid, a fun little street kid whom Tracy takes on for his lending father, and Tracy rescues when the detective has accepted his fate to be blown up into a who's who of character actors. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke is the district attorney bribed by Big Boys Scourges to keep him out in the street. Dustin Hoffman has a funny twist on Mumbles, the cold, whose dialect is so unreadable that the cops can not talk themselves out of what he has to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters to whom Big Boy has a special fidelity to create a crime network that spreads throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the pianist of the Breathless Show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the former benefactor of Breathless, until Big Boy gives him the "bath". James Caan wears relatively little make-up in his performance as the only gangster who does not stick to Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the executors of Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> In this movie, all the corn cobs of the comic strip have been preserved and it is full of vibrant colors. Almost all suits are in blue, green and yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow can be found in this movie - and more! The matt images used really do realize this world as two-dimensional, they only work in three-dimensional sentences. The humor is plentiful. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he has played before or since. Big Boy is somehow crazy and somehow self-pitying. He is an eccentric little man who is proud to quote our Founding Fathers and compare himself to great political leaders. The man with the plan, always in search of the smartest way to do business.
