Sometime in the late nineteenth century, somewhere in the American West, several cowboys who need money make a buffalo hunt. The leader of the group believes that buffalo are too numerous to influence the hunt, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse, and he is not so sure. With buffalo herds living in South Dakota showing a movie about the actual hunt (the introduction of the film explains it as a necessary thinning out of the herd), the film does an excellent job to tackle the buffalo's plight and its impact on Native Americans without ever showing preaching about it. <br /> <br /> The real story, however, is about the dysfunctional family formed by the small group that formed for the hunt. The father figure is Charlie, a violent man with a short backup. Sandy, his "brother," is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but needs his job after losing his cattle. A half-Indian boy who hates being completely Caucasian looks like an adopted son. The grandfather (and the moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo-boy; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions he killed after stealing his horses. Charlie is clearly the most interesting character. He is mean and insulting to everyone around him, but at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends he has. He expects that the hijacked Indian women hate it and then accept it, but he does not know how to react when she refuses to do so. He's the one who put the family together in the first place, but he's also the one who wants to destroy the family forever. <br /> <br /> This is very similar to the classic "Red River" who has a family that is torn apart by the increasingly violent and estranged father figure also features. As you might expect, this film suffers in comparison. The plot is not so much focused on the development of the characters and the family dynamics, and the direction can not lead to all the scenes working towards this common goal. Charlie is so unlikely from the start that we have no reason to worry about what's going on with him or his family. On the positive side, however, the buffalo battleship message gives the film an extra dimension, and its graduation is far superior to the end of Hollywood, which was tackled at the end of "Red River." As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film, very well done, but misses what would be needed to be considered a classic.
