I recently looked at Spirit and I really liked it. I've seen it on HBO about 4 times now and will buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that "Vanishing Point" is just another car persecution movie and "Thelma & Louise" just another chick movie. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I feel that the themes are related to each other. that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. The other common feature of these films is the caring, thoughtful "Guardian Angel" types who help the main characters overcome adversity. Another review mentions how this film refers to the subject of civilization invading someone else's home. All you have to do is look around the diminishing areas around us to see that. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really got the horses to look, act and move naturally. The feelings of the spirit have been very clear throughout the story (yes, I know they humanize the horses a bit, but that's a fiction). In some action scenes you feel caught in the stream of rapids and the heat of a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (mostly) you can enjoy the backgrounds. One of the great things that make history really work is that they do not go the talking, singing animal route. This would take the power of the story. Instead, the flow of the story is told through occasional narrations of the main character, and the fantastic soundtrack is complemented by another blow. Another plus is that they were not afraid to tell the story something of a dark side (which really made this movie vivid to me). While this is not prevalent throughout the film, the conclusion is fitting and uplifting without being juicy. <br /> <br /> Anyone who appreciates horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse movie. I do not think this would be a good movie kids could be taken with if they grew up with the inhuman fare offered today. But if it's the thoughtful way that can handle compelling stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they'll probably love this movie. I am 35 years old and still love the stuff.
