I had the privilege of seeing Scarface in honor of the 20th anniversary of the movie's release with its beautifully restored 35mm print on the big screen. It was great to see this on the big screen as so much of it is lost on televisions and the overall size of this project can not be overemphasized. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic of rags into the depths of hell's story, featuring Al Pacino as Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the Cuban immigration wave of the boat people in the late 70s, early 80s. Tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards when they visit a political personage in Tent City and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is on his terrible journey to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this film are played in such a clever way, and it's fun to see them. I have not forgotten much of this movie for the past twenty years. Robert Loggia, the patron of Tony, Frank Lopez, is wonderful. His character is flawed because he is too trusting and as Tony quickly finds out, soft. Lopez's right-hand man, Omar Suarez, is portrayed by one of our greatest actors: F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the ultimate warrior and will do anything for Frank; it's like he does not have his own head. Tony sees that fast and fights with Suarez all the time, but he really only sees him as a minor problem getting through on the way up. The character who keeps coming back to me for playing so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the courageously corrupt detective from Miami Narcotics, played by Harris Yulin (Training Day.). He plays Tony from Frank until he catches up with him in a scene that marks the exit of Frank and Mel's film. It's invaluable to hear Frank asking for Mel when he wants to kill him when Tony wants to kill him, just to hear Mel say, "It's your tree Frank, you're in there." This is from the man Frank paid for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's ascent is meteoric and is achieved in speed and intensity only by his rapid crash and burning. After saying goodbye to Frank and taking over his wife and business, Tony takes over the greed and he never seems to get enough. As Tony delves deeper into the world of drugs, greed, and inability to trust, he finally kills his best friend and sister, who have fallen in love and married. All this marks the end of Tony's camp being stormed by an army of his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony would not go through a commanded political assassination. All this is a merciful moment in which Tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder involving the victim's wife and children. All in all, this is a great illustration of the excess and cocaine culture of the 1980s. DePalma does a great job of keeping everything together in one of the fastest three-hour films. The violence is very vivid and contains some scenes that will be remembered forever by any spectator, in particular the cruel chainsaw, the two empty shots on the head and all the bloody melee that ends the movie. This is a highly recommended film that is not only for the squeamish, but also for those who need optimistic endings and possible sequels. DePalma let everything fly here.
