Scarface is one of the most definitive gangster movies of the 80s and is a movie of his time. The first thing you notice when you see this movie is that it screams you "made in 1983". The costumes, the music and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake. This is a movie that tells all about crime in the 80's, and although he should have dated horribly, he did not. This is still an excellent movie. The music of Georgio Moroder is quite old, but it complements the story of Tony Montana thanks to the excellent script of Oliver Stone and the first-class director of Brian De Palma, one of two films he made with Pacino (the other), well be the fantastic Carlito's Way. All brands of De Palma are here; The strong language, the graphic violence (more on that later), the stylish excesses, the grandiose set pieces and, of course, the stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I mean that literally. He is the dominant star of this movie. His performance is exaggerated, this is one of those movies in which Pacino does not say his lines so much when he calls them, this time with an excellent Cuban accent. This is Pacino, though, and he does it fantastically. Only he could go so far up and still leave the film with his acting integrity. Some may complain that he has called his lines and that all is exaggerated. This is an exaggerated movie. Take a look at the production design of Tony's house, take a look at the violence in this film. The incident with the chainsaw is downright brutal and there is blood everywhere. The shot at the end has bodies that go down at a speed more akin to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Take a look at the amount of coke that appears in the movie. Therefore, Pacino's performance is probably perfect for the movie. He is supported by actors who tend to be more controlled in their line. Steven Bauer, especially as Manny, Tony's best friend, is the outstanding performer. His performance is as controlled and quiet as a De Niro, it's a miracle that he came straight to soft video porn. Of course, Michelle Pfeiffer adds the glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is more than just a movie about excess. There is more than just drugs, violence, chainsaw attacks and a big shooting. This is a movie about the dark side of the American Dream. In many ways, it is thematically equated with The Godfather Movies. Tony comes to America, fetches everything, lives the American dream and loses everything in a violent way, saying he loses everything, I mean, he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire is literally crumbling around him and, moreover, he is killed in his own mansion and bullets hit him. <br /> <br /> Without a doubt Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80's. Sure, there are not the subtleties of The Godfather movies, but this is still a good movie that's always worth it.
