Many people like this movie and many more love it, but it all seems to be for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be loved and loved, but not in the way it was or is. Many people say that acting is exaggerated, but who better could have an exaggerated character than Al Pacino. To say that Pacino was exaggerating here would be an understatement. But he does it so well, he brings the inner devil out of you so well. His character Tony Montana was not such a great guy from the start, but his thirst for power took his greed to another level. an inhuman level. Certainly Pacino sometimes seems a bit cartoony and surreal, but that seems to me to be no liability whatsoever. The minor occupation has done a very good job. Michelle Pfeiffer was not really at her best, but she definitely suited her role. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was at his best, but he is still Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and like Michelle Pfeiffer fit her role very well. Robert Loggia I've always enjoyed seeing him scream. Apart from Pacino, they were not really outstanding or memorable achievements. Everyone just seemed to fit in with his roles while he was there. They did not fit perfectly, but they were convincing enough. <br /> <br /> Brian De Palma has staged this film very well. Whenever an actor gets bigger than life with his performance, the director should get some recognition, and I'll certainly give it to De Palma. Brian De Palma, though he does not enjoy the respect, is a very versatile director. He knows how to direct movies to their genres, but that's not always good. Here it is a gangster movie, but only a few are much better because of De Palma. <br /> <br /> The writing was great, it was just pure Oliver Stone. When I saw the credits at the end of this movie and saw that Oliver Stone wrote this, I was not a little surprised. This is a testament for him. I have always thought of him as a great writer and he proves it to me once again with Scarface. Nobody can write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone. <br /> <br /> The music was good, but not great. It's certainly not my favorite of Giorgio Moroder. The music was a bit '80s for me, but it did not bother me. The cinematography was good, not amazing, but who cares really about a movie like this. <br /> <br /> This was probably one of the most influential films of the last 25 years, but as mentioned, this is for wrong reasons. People should realize that the character of Tony Montana is not a hero, he is a monster. He's not inspirational anyway. He is greedy, bloodthirsty, uneducated and self-employed. For many people, however, he is a role model because he is in a sense a rebel, but most likely because he is a deluded gangster. A Vigilante would be like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface. <br /> <br /> The good thing about this film, however, is that it shows that the Tony Montanas are not the real problem. If we or the people with authority want to close people like him, we could do it, but we will not do it. In a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society. He's someone you could blame for everything, and he's better at himself. The Tony Montanas of this world are the scapegoats of our society. This does not excuse people like him. Instead, it's rather a reminder that we can not apologize or do bad things just because we measure or think we measure ourselves better than a gangster or drug dealer. I love this movie because it's more than a corrupt movie. He is a movie that strangely makes you reflect on yourself.
