If you look at this Brian DePalma movie today, you know there was a lot of criticism about how dated it is. Also about the violence. When I saw this movie on VHS when I was 20 years old, I thought it was extremely violent and somber. But I did not understand it. <br /> <br /> A few decades pass and man, how do I know how much I did not get in this movie !! This is a remake of a great movie shot in the 30's / 40's. How can you improve a classic? Yes not. But you tell a story that is brought up to date by the eyes of the "new immigrants" during the greedy decade, the cocky eighties. DePalma, Stone and the gang present an ambitious, disturbing and damn right movie. <br /> <br /> Yeah ... Disco was dying and New Wave / Punk took over these Cuban immigrants who had to make a new home in Florida could not tell the difference. It was exciting, that was what they wanted, but how to get it ???? For these immigrants, Florida had only one way to reach them. They had a lot of money, and to get the money, you had to take over a drug empire. Al Pacino was fantastic for me as Tony Montana, who could "Little Train". What an amazing way to throw your main character on America: fight, kill, steal. Lie, cheat everything to get - "money, women and power." That's what Tony saw as the American dream. He wanted it, he wanted to live it and saw nothing wrong in his circle as he got it. Tony Montana's mastery of English was steeped in the word "f", but what did you expect, Emily Posts graduate school for him and his colleagues? Look at how they came to America, what they knew, to whom they were exposed. So Tony and his crew decided "to be everything they can be in America." It was about power. Tony Montana would and did EVERYTHING to achieve it ... it was all violent, lying, stealing, crooked and thieving glory. <br /> <br /> The part of the film that epitomized the eighties is money laundering. Tony's crew brings sacks of drug money to the bank. Did the people take care of Tony and his crew? In the clubs where he spent and drank? Nope. Money was money and with money you get the power. Tony lived high on the ground. He and his handsome blonde American trophy he married performed well by Michelle Pfieffer. After Tony Montana's rise to power, he learns that it's really crappy there. He is full of doubt, he is addicted to drugs, he is paranoid, he is surrounded by those who want to take him over in a bloody takeover his kingdom, because ... he goes under. And down he goes in a terrible, violent way, but I ask again: what do you expect? <br /> <br /> This is the epitome of the 1980s film that tells you a twisted story of how some misunderstand the American dream of obsession. It's violent, damn it, but it drives the point home in a disturbing way. Not all Cuba Cubans who landed in Florida in the 1980s were like Tony Montana. Give me a break. But the demonstration of how miserable the 1980s were was the emphasis on greed and money as the only thing in the US to be "someone" and to have the power that brought those poor characters and their lives in America /> lets you ask - has learned something from back then?
