Director Brian De Palma made a film in 1983 about the rise and fall of an American gangster, and he did so - with the help of a terrific screenplay by Oliver Stone and some impeccable works of an outstanding cast. The result was "Scarface" with Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port in Mariel (Cuba) to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at that time because of the greener pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest, industrious people, thankful for the opportunity they had been granted. But not all. Among the "Marielitos" who flocked to Florida had about 25,000 criminal records and were nothing less than the dregs of the Cuban prison inmates, who were considered indispensable and from whom Castro only wanted to be released. And they, too, saw America as a land of opportunity, even when Al Capone considered Chicago fifty years ago. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known to his colleagues as "Caracortada". Scarface. Now that Montana had been liberated from the yoke of communism under which he grew up, Montana wanted what he thought he had, and now he wanted it; and from the moment he stepped out of the boat in Florida, he was determined to have it all. Wealth and power - that was Montana's dream, and he would achieve it by doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man living in Miami under the name of Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez, it seems, had a brother in Cuba, who had found a premature end to one of Castro's thugs, a man who had survived his usefulness to Castro and had been briefly thrown out of prison. 'Together with Montana and all the Cubans right in front of the boats, waiting for their government papers to make their transition to their new lives. And in a short time, Montana sees to it that Lopez's brother was avenged and sets the stage for his own entry into the underworld of America. Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in return for the favor, returns Montana and his friend Manny (Steven Bauer) from the camp and lets them work. At the time, Capone might have used bootlegging as a means of filling its coffers with unauthorized profits, but Lopez has its equivalent today, and it's even more lucrative: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and makes him indoctrinated in life, but once he has a taste of it, Montana is not content with the crumbs that Lopez deems fitting, and sets a course that will take him there: At the top". With a cold-blooded, iron will, Montana decides he'll do anything to get there, no matter how much it costs. but before it is over, he will recognize the price of his dream and pay him; But for a brief moment he may know what it's like to be the man. And he will also know if it was worth it or not. <br /> <br /> In keeping with De Palma's vision, Pacino Montana is larger than life and he does it wonderfully. The accent that he influences (which he researched thoroughly to make sure he got it right - and he did), the body language and the attitude, he has everything and makes Montana convincing and very real. What he brings to the role is nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro would be one) can do. This is definitely not a character who is sympathetic in any way, and there is nothing in Montana that easily identifies with you on a personal level. Pacino's screen presence, however, is so strong that he has a thoroughly deep character, even when it's difficult to emotionally engage with him. It's just a dynamic, memorable performance. Michelle Pfeiffer also gives a solid performance in the role that has put her on the road to fame. As Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and reserved. It gives the feeling that something is going on underneath, while influencing a rather cold and distant feeling of being outside. Like Pacino, she definitely makes her presence felt as she slides across the screen with a stoic, enigmatic and sultry demeanor. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana)), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Amber). An excellent precursor to the recent and highly acclaimed "Traffic" and "Blow" and one of Peckinpah's "The Wild Bunch" (De Palma's "Scarface"), originally overlooked by critics as many as the final American gangster saga. Much of the violence is less graphic than implied, but this film still has an edge of realism that many may find disconcerting. But if you stick with it, you'll end up learning a lesson. And like many lessons in life, the most valuable ones at that time are often the hardest. But the reward is always worthwhile and that's the way it is with this film. I rate this as 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
