"A classic is something everyone wants to read, but nobody wants to read, a classic is something everyone praises, but no one has read." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> "Classic" seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalma's 1983 film about opulence, self-surrender, greed and danger between Florida's drug ring. People and critics (and rappers for the matter) consider this movie to be "an epic gangster classic" or "gangster movie eptiom." If it is something else. It is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a terrific movie that deserves praise from all over, but not all the praise it gets today from the audience, and for that the subtleties it makes so stubborn are being missed by the public. <br /> <br /> The film is about a Cuban refugee whose past wanted to escape Communist access and find happiness. Easy? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's directorial genius and the great story Oliver Stone wrote (yes, I know, he really did write a really good one here) play along with everything. The characters all seek an escape, because escape is a natural element that everyone deals with in the film. Every character has something to offer, which makes him likeable to all who appreciate this movie. They are entangled in a world of mystery and money, but all of this has a price that everyone is learning. Every character thinks he has better chances in life when he actually gets worse in truly dramatic irony. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this film. All who praise the film for its drug use, violence and dialogue have completely missed the point. There is nothing really positive about the movie except the positive expectations of the characters themselves. And that's why the movie works so well. The destruction throughout the film serves to convey the message of the movie, not to look cool or to attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make films for cult gangsters or mindless action fans. <br /> <br /> Next, the movie is an adult drama. It is not a gangster movie. It has its share of action, but the action is recorded very carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "aliens" - an example of a big stupid action movie, and most viewers find this movie a big stupid action gangster movie about taking drugs and shooting people. Ridiculous. Hogwash When it comes to this movie, it's about how bad it is. No advertising for it. <br /> <br /> The movie is indeed a great movie. It has a great camera that draws you into the story. It has a very dramatic score (in true Giorgio Moroder style) that could just bring you shudder or tears. The movie is quite tedious, but it's a story and every moment counts. The spectacle is great. Al Pacino - enough said. He can play any role he can think of, and this was no exception. The handsome boy Steven Bauer as Manny. In other films he did, I did not believe much of him, but he really makes you like him when he's under the direction of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true gem as Elvira. When she experienced some kind of embarrassment in "Grease 2", she got the ticket to perform a mature performance with a beauty that is more than it appears at first sight. But the three true diamonds in this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister Gina, who, when she smiles or cries, sees her soul and her fresh way of life, watching her deteriorate; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug king who flows deeper than a river, and Shenar presents him like this; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three dig the movie as deeply as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned one main thing when he saw "Scarface" for the first time. Always go into a movie without thinking. The whole hype and talk of this movie can not possibly prepare you for what you really see. Only if I know De Palma (like me), you can even get an idea of ​​what this movie contains. So ignore the rap crap, ignore the mindless violent offenders and put a glass of Bailey's on the rocks and treat yourself to an emotional sight of a great movie, the real "Scarface".
