Every big gangster movie has undercurrents of human drama. Do not expect "Scarface" to be an emotional story of guilt, retribution and despair. This is a story of cruel greed, corruption and power. The dark side of the legendary "American Dream". <br /> <br /> Anyone who complains about the "cheese factory" of this film misses the point. The superficial characters, cheesy music, and dated fashion continue to fuel criticism of this life of diabolical excess. Nothing in the life of these characters is really important, at least not on any human level. In fact, the film is virtually satirical, which is ironic, considering that all gangster rappers are inspired positively by the lifestyle of Tony Montana. treated (especially the memorable finale), but often falls too sloppy and misguided. Fortunately, it is supported by a very strong script from Oliver Stone (probably a good therapy for him, considering the coke habit he was fighting back then). The themes are consistent, with the focus mainly on the life of Tony Montana and the development of his character, while he is consumed by greed and power. The dialogue is also excellent to see comfortably between humor and drama. There are many eye-catching lines that have since crept into popular culture in one form or another. <br /> <br /> The cast makes it what it is, but that's really Pacino's movie. One of his earlier, less subtle performances (something that is much more commonplace these days) is a world completely different from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico. Nevertheless, he is here in an impressive (and deliberately exaggerated) form as good as ever to observe. It is hard to imagine seeing another Tony Montana after this movie, possibly in one of the most imitated performances of all time. Pfeiffer was boring and uncomfortable at first, but I realized how she played the role of the bored little woman. No extraordinary effort, but wrongly misjudged. The supportive players are also very good, especially Paul Shenar as the polite Alejandro Sosa. Powerful, sometimes humorous, sometimes shocking and always controversial. "Scarface" is one of the movies of the eighties (whatever that means to you). An indispensable and accessible gangster strip and a landmark of pop culture. 9.10
