Those who rated this production so low have probably never seen the famous George Balanchine production live on stage, or let their disdain for the starcasting of Macaulay Culkin flow into their verdict. From the 1960s to the 1980s, the Atlanta Ballet was fortunate to be the first ballet company authorized to stage this production unlike the New York City Ballet. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate representation of this production and that using a child with limited dance skills in the title role is not a cheap stunt to present to Culkin; It was Balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as his idea was to use a child for the role of Marie. The "heavy" dancing is left to the adults in the story. <br /> <br /> This is deliberately a staged film; in a way, it resembles Laurence Olivier's "Othello". Just as in this film, the sets of stage production were enlarged to the size of a movie environment, but no less artificial, and the ballet is directly photographed with discreet close-ups and no disturbing "music video" cuts in the 1986 overrated Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard -Version. In this 1993 film, there are only two wrong steps. On the one hand, distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects are added (mouse squeaks, the children whisper "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.) These sound effects are not heard in any of the stage productions of a "Nutcracker," and they were used as a cheap concession, only to to appease an uncomplicated audience that may not want the idea of ​​seeing a ballet in the movie. <br /> <br The other wrong step is Macaulay Culkins nutcracker make-up, which looks absolutely ridiculous. When he's on the big screen as a nutcracker and does not wear a huge mask (as always when the Balanchine production is performed on stage), Culkin is actually the toy - he wears something that looks like a bald white wig, whiskers and a beard. He has also roughened his face a bit and the worst part of his makeup is that it is still recognizable that his face is amateurish in a way similar to Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr's make-ups in "The Wizard of Oz" is transformed. (The make-up results of this movie, however, have worked spectacularly, as is not the case with this film). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's Nutcracker in his * production * shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was - the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tipped his head backwards. <br /> <br /> The dancing in the Macaulay Culkin The version is of course excellent, apart from Culkin himself, whose dancing, as I said, should not even be spectacular. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier are the prominent dance roles in Balanchine's production of "The Nutcracker.") However, the film's colors could be a bit brighter as this is a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and her adaptation is so faithful that it contains the sequence that includes additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Sleeping Beauty". As Marie sneaks downstairs, she falls asleep on the sofa and dreams that Drosselmeyer is "repairing" "The Broken Nutcracker (this sequence, of course, was never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet - it's the only sequence in this production, the music from another work <br /> <br /> Those who missed this movie or who despise (or abhor) it should give it a shot despite the two big drawbacks, it's a lot better than it seems when you hear for the first time that Culkin is in it.
