Published in North America as Zentropa to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's own Holocaust film Europa Europa, this third theatrical film by a filmmaker who is always surprised, inspired or downright shocked is a bizarre, nostalgic, detailed film about a naive American in Germany after the end of World War II. The American, called Leo, does not really understand what he's doing there. He has come to settle the land since he thinks it is time for Germany to show some charity. No matter how it sounds, he is not sympathetic to the Nazis or even more pro-German, just mixed. His uncle, who works at the railroad, gets Leo a job as a helmsman in a sleeping car, and he is increasingly involved in a maelstrom of Germany's horrors and riddles of 1945. <br /> <br /> This evolution begins when Leo, played by the calm but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, is being played on the train by Barbara Sukowa, an actress who has a cautious, yet inner-looking surface Has power. She seduces him and takes him home to meet her family, which owns the company that makes the trains. These were the exact features that brought the Jews to their deaths during the war, but now they are on a drab schedule, and Uncle Kessler the Woman is one of the good Germans doing their jobs. There's also Udo Kier, the formidable actor who blew me away in Von Trier's shocking second Epidemic movie, though he's just a backdrop here. Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantine, an actor with a quiet stillness playing a gloomy American intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although he is completely confusing to Leo. Americans have been characterized for decades as credulous ruble out of their element, but little they were more carefree than Leo, who returns to his job due to his gradual as well as his tailor-made death move. <br /> <br /> The story is intentionally left uncoordinated by the film's Danish director, Lars von Trier, whose anchor lies in the film's stunning cut and cinematography. He shoots in black and white and color, uses double exposures, optical effects and trick photography, lets actors interact with projected footage, places his characters in a richly shaded habituation world so that they sometimes feel like insects caught between them glass for our more in-depth survey , <br /> <br /> This grand jury-winning surreal work is allegorical, but may be in a certain tone for any viewer. I interpret it as a film about the last traits of National Socialism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of Americans and others who appeared too late to rescue the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they distributed their condemned shiploads , During the time frame of the film and the Nazi state and its significance for the train, they are dead, but like beheaded chickens, they remain shaking their reflexes. The characters, music, dialogue, and plot are purposely hammy and almost satirically procured from film noir conventions. The most fascinating points in the film are the purely cinematic ones. Two trains go back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on another. An underwater shot of growing blood. An unusually expressive sequence about how it must be to drown. And most metaphysically of all, a stupefying attitude of train tracks, while Max von Sydow's voice makes us go to Europe with him and give up our personal restraint.
