For some reason, this movie never appeared in my original language in my neck (despite the ownership of the TCM UK Cable channel, which broadcasts dozens of MGM titles week after week). It is still more disappointing M.I.A. on DVD? even from Warner's recent Western Classics Collection box set (which includes 3 more Robert Taylor genre aspirations); Maybe you save it for a possible "Signature Collection" dedicated to this brave MGM, which could be released in time for the 40th anniversary of his death next year? <br /> <br /> I say this because the movie gives him a rare role as a selfish Westerner with fanatical hatred of Indians and decides to take advantage of his skilled marksmanship by making simple hunting buffalo. An opening statement offers the alarming statistics that the population of this species has fallen from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As an associate, Taylor chooses the former pro of trade Stewart Granger? Lloyd Nolan (who keeps taunting the insane and vengeful Taylor) and Russ Tamblyn in the Halfblood area for this purpose. As expected, the relationship of the company is shaky? At the center of THE NAKED SPUR (1953) by Anthony Mann, another bleak open-air MGM Western. In fact, the film approaches the taste and tenacity of Mann's work in this field (though he was the first of only a handful of such writers / director Brooks' undertakings, but overall, it had a remarkable diversity); Again, the narrative poses in female presence (Debra Paget, also a hybrid) between the two robust leads? and Granger, like James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, reluctantly returns to his job (his regret of having to kill buffalo for sport and profit is effectively realized.) <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from seeing Taylor Paget takes her for granted - she braves, but coldly endures her approaches while secretly longing for Granger - and leaves out his frustration about the locals in a bar while he's drunk! Taylor himself does not come out of the deal unscathed: Like the protagonist of THE TREASURE OF THE SIERRA MADRE (1948), he becomes skeptical and jealous of his peers, especially in relation to a rare situation, and therefore valuable - the skin of a white buffalo they have caught, he even becomes buffalo mad (like Nolan it was predicted), and he was fooled to take the thunder rumble for the hoofs of an approaching mass of the kind! The hunting scenes themselves are impressive? buffalo, the be fall on the ground in a fall, the endless catches of the day and the carcasses that later invade the meadows. The atypical but memorable dissolution of the film is rightly famous: with Winter in full swing, a now paranoid Taylor waits on Granger's blood in front of a cave (in which the latter and Paget have fled) to shoot him; When Granger shows up the next morning, does he discover Taylor in a tense position? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> Incidentally, my father owns a copy of the powerful source novel (by Milton Lott) from the original release of the film: In fact, he has collected a large number of such editions? after all, is it a practice that is still in vogue? where a book is reissued to promote its cinematic adaptation. Likewise for the plate, Taylor and Granger? they work very well here? Already in the maritime experience ALL BROTHERS WALIANT (1953) united (as sibling hunters!), which is strangely just as hard to see (in fact, even more, considering that it has not even been shown on Italian television, like it seems to be eternity) !!
