Richard Brooks The Last Hunt was a movie star Stewart Granger could not even hear. he even tore up a vintage poster for the movie when he introduced him for signing in later years? But then the director went off with his wife, so it's understandable. For everyone else, this is one of the best Westerns of the Westerns of the 50s and its attitude towards the environment years ahead. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it almost seems like a sequel to one of Anthony Mann's westerns, seeing their heroes dragged to their salvation and screaming every step of the way. Here, Granger's legendary buffalo hunter has already seen the light, but after a buffalo rammer cost him his herd of cattle in a kind of poetic righteousness, he is dragged back into the darkness by Robert Taylor's staggering and proudly racist gunslinger, citing "I already have a guilty conscience I might as well have the money. " Raised by Indians, he is aware of the damage he is suffering as a vanishing buffalo, and he becomes almost as full of self-loathing as Taylor with hatred. When the two men plunge over Debra Paget's Squaw? the only survivor of a gang of Indians kills Taylor ?? and a white buffalo skin that is invaluable to hunters and Indians for a variety of reasons. A showdown will be inevitable, even if the result is certainly not the case. Taylor is undoubtedly an ironic casting? It was Granger who rejected many of the epic roles MGM developed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor his 50th comeback after years of steady decline. His hair color may not convince, but his performance does, a shallow and violent man who is so hateful that he carries no weapon, the weapon carries him. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he's a good quiet hero in the Jimmy Stewart form. He seeks to preserve his new decency and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before he finally gets the chance to make amends. Russ Tamblyn's Half-Blood Skinner and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged vintage car are as good as possible, but the real star is the script. to mention an ending that Stanley Kubrick has lent for The Shining? It balances historical revisionism with an entertaining drama without ever selling any of the short positions. The new DVD is free but offers a 2.35: 1 transfer with English soundtrack.
