The quality of this movie is not surpassed by any baseball title of its time. Pam Dixon branches in the film industry to recruit blue chip prospects and make this artwork a must. Oscar winners Brenda Fricker (Single Home: Lost in New York, A Time to Kill), Ben Johnson (The Last Picture Show, Red Dawn), and Adrien Brody (The Pianist, The Village) reinforce the film's atmosphere by offering draw in a fearful audience. However, the dramatic performances are being neutralized by the bizarre radio station Jay O. Sanders (JFK, The Day After Tomorrow). The story is centralized around a foster child, aspiring actor Joseph Gordon. Levitt (brick, the lookout). Affair Milton Davis Jr., as a longtime friend who has never known his parents, offers a rousing performance. They do not have much, but what they have: angel baseball and what they are looking for: Identity. Then, four-time Emmy nominee Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) comes into the game as frustrated Angels manager George Knox to save the day. In relative terms, all the characters in the story seem to have the same mission: search for themselves who they really are. <br /> <br /> Depressed that Roger (JGL) is separated from his father, God wants a reunion when the angels can take the pennant. The odds are astronomical, but three-time Emmy winner Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future, My Favorite Martian) joins as omniscient overseer to cast a bit of magic (pun). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) sits in the stands with Roger, nibbling Cracker Jacks and causing some of the biggest boners in baseball! The 1951 script by Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells (DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar Winner) is justified under the finger of mastermind William Dear (nominated in Directors Guild of America). It contains a touching side story about pitcher Mel Clark, played by Tony Danza (four-time Golden Globe nominee, Emmy nominee), who only tries to find his place in a confused Anaheim relative to all the other performers. Clark was called a dishwasher, a former big name in Cinci, but he has manager Knox to prove something. <br /> <br /> Pampering this nagging conspiracy would simply be synonymous with adultery in the 18th century. This is a raw diamond that holds you by the edge of the seat until all come to rest. Did I mention a cameo from Matthew McConaughey (A Time To Kill, We Are Marshall) for all your ladies out there?
