Although I do not usually give such relentlessly heartwarming fare, I happened to find the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on a Saturday morning just when it started. As an Adrien Brody fan, I was curious to see Brody as a teenager (then 20 years old when I was shooting him) in that early role as Danny Hemmerling, Utility Infielder for the California Angels (originally from 1951, The Hard-Happily Baseball Team The Pittsburgh Pirates name change is a nice touch as she transforms the title into wordplay, so I decided to give it a try, and it turned out to be a pretty painless, even lovable experience, with a decent balance with laughter, tears, sweetness and baseball-based excitement, my 7-year-old daughter also liked the angel effects! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) Foster-child sarcastically praying for his ne'er-do-well-dad (the convincingly sloppy Dermot Mulroney) says they'll be a family again as soon as the last California An win the pennant. Soon Roger sees real angels at the Angels' Games, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual, eccentric disrespect leads to Aito not rushing irretrievably into the Schmaltz Zone. The crunchy manager George Knox (Danny Glover in the world-weary, angry mode) is hard to sell, but as soon as the team starts to win, he believes Roger Angels sightings, and soon Knox has Roger and his sweet friend and fellow JP (the charming Milton Davis Jr.) at every Angels game for good luck. Knox even begins to mitigate his own temperamental outbursts and his profane language, both to appease the angels and for the sake of the children, resulting in a witty moment when he attracts a referee in his usual manner, but himself edited while he goes on. Foreseeable obstacles are the result, such as the disgusting sports rider Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders), who wanted to make trouble for Knox because of the angle angle. Sure, in the end everything goes well for our heroes, but they are so damn friendly that you do not mind! :-) Baby-faced Brody has some good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem at a ball game) and a sweet piece in which a pretty blond angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat Brody is not the only future star in the lineup of AitO: His teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and young Gordon-Levitt starred in TV's 3rd ROCK FROM THE SUN and in films like THINGS I hate you. The always amusing Taylor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson give support. If you're a baseball fan and want to rent a movie that's suitable for the kids, and watch some notable young actors before they become stars, then AitO '94 is well suited.
