Greetings from the darkness. Remember all the "What happened to Woody Allen?" Jokes Even Mr. Allen made fun of the fans who wanted him to continue shooting his "funny" movies. As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft has evolved over the years and he has lost some fans while finding others. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" showed that it is still as relevant and poignant as in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What strikes most of our over 40-year-old fans is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a crush on his motherland. Apparently he really likes England !! During the shoot of Matchpoint, Mr. Allen fell in love with Scarlett Johansson and her true spirit and sense of humor. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy for years. While Scarlett risks risking overexposure, he does not just have to select films that put them in a glamorous light. She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop" she shows some real comedy-chops on the screen and delivers in many scenes the right punch line to Mr. Allen's pure man. Of course, every time Mr. Allen decides to face the camera, he'll bring back more than a portion of his deposits and social commentary - which is fine because only a few do better. <br /> <br /> Very nice support from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives some insights into why many of us have been considered the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new bond. Like most of Allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett performs excellently here and is a nice contrast to the polished Allen and Jackman, the crackle of dialogue is ... the joke between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big Woody fan, you're not afraid. It limits its screen time and is quite effective, except in two or three short scenes that seem almost out of place. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the composition of Strauss. <br /> "Scoop" is a nice mix of "Annie Hall" and the best Marx brothers movies or the Cary Grant comedies. Yes, it's an adult comedy, but it's really sweet ... especially for a serial killer and a talking ghost comedy !!
