First, I want to say that the audience loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have made people stand up and say, "I came for a comedy and George will enjoy it." But for some reason, everyone really seemed to get into the comedy. The last few times Woody's been trying to make a weird comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending), I felt the one-liners felt tense and a bit antiquated. I remember once thinking, "That would have been funny in the early sixties." So I was afraid that Woody would be toneless, but in this movie, his funny feelings were perfect. While many of my AARP fellow travelers were present at the show, there were also many 20s and 30s, and everyone seemed to get it, occasionally chuckling laughter, giggles, and the like. In many cases, people laughed so loud they missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Woody's theme was familiar terrain. As I suspected in the trailer, this movie had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but on the other hand, there was more than a small selection of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice and even a small tribute to Broadway Danny Rose at the very beginning. <br /> <br /> Also Woody in the movie, Scarlett was temporarily Woody's deputy Sondra, but her character was a far cry from the nebbish that Will Ferrell gave us. Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried Celebrity , Instead of archetypal ticks and quirks, Sondra's nerdosity derives directly from the family history she shares early. On numerous occasions, the "family business" leads them to malapropisms, which we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as weird non-torturers. Since we all get involved in the joke, we can not help but laugh. But the laughter does not come from recognizing the woody nebbish, but from the figure. Unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack, or even Mia Farrow in front of her, Scarlett does not need to use the Woody voice to evoke the Woody Scroll. So we do not find ourselves torn out of the story, when suddenly a Woodys voice emerges from the face of another. <br /> <br /> When my friend commented on the way out, Sid, the figure played by Woody, is a minor but more in the spotlight than I had hoped. However, this time Woody seems to have written a character that really suits his current person. Unlike his Ed Dobel-Sage character in Anything Else or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, the character is a comfortable fit this time around. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. In the heightened circles in which they find themselves, he is even more fish out of water than Scarlett, which is very popular throughout the comedy scene. Sid is a waning, wandering wizard who plays in front of a small audience, but the fact that he's from another era is at the forefront of our enjoyment. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both of them so much that they are used in the piece. I especially liked McShane's short but effective curves. Jackman is enchanting with the ease of "Old Money" so often portrayed in movies 50 years ago. (Class Echoes of Purple Rose of Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So, what did I think? Short answer, perhaps his best comic comedy since 1994 Bullets Over Broadway. Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite. Less corrosive than deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody has finally found a cartoon voice that works in the 21st century.
