Immediately on the heels of Match Point (2005), a fine, if somewhat self-repeating piece of "serious woody", Scoop Allen gives a small but stubborn band of supporters (among whom I number myself) that Master new hope has found its form again. A series of disappointing efforts that culminated in dreary Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassing Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts that another first-class Woody comedy, with or without its own involvement as an actor, came into question. Fortunately, the cards turn out to be a tarot deck, serving as Scoops's smart maguffin and providing an upbeat reading for the future of Woody Allen comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody's self-occupation - unfortunately one of The Weakest Elements of his films in recent years - is here an inspired piece of self-parody as well as a modest realization that he deals with women who are young enough Being his daughters or granddaughters, can not play romantic leads anymore. In Scoop, Allen cunningly takes on the role of Sid Waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and weary stage masters, who, like Woody himself, has brought his show to London, where the audience - if not more open - is at least more polite. Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman Allen offers the opportunity to create the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has declined and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative. In addition, Allen's ticks and prolonged stammering are less distracting here than they have been in the past, as they affect their character. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character also works well in the plot. His fake magical body resolution box becomes the ironically plausible location for visits by Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalistic Muckraker and recently-known victim of cardiac arrest. Launched on a ferry from River Styx to Hades, Strombel always leaps onto the ship because he can not rest for eternity without sharing one last "shovel" about the identity of the notorious "tarot killer." Unfortunately, his return from the dead leads to Waterman's magic show, and the only way for his hot leading role turns out to be a journalist, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called out of the audience as a comic butt, the magician's magic trick. Sondra seizes the journalistic opportunity with enthusiasm and pulls the reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of her millionaire. As shown in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the boring side play between her and Allen is very amusing - all the more so as she never threatened to kick off the romance. Scoop's serial killer plot, involving cruel murders of prostitutes and aristocratic prime suspect Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the predictable result of Allen's lengthy sabbatical exposure to London's ubiquitous Jack the Ripper Landmarks and traditions. Other facets of Scoop (as a Match Point) also stem from Woody's later encounter with English culture. His class structure, manners, idiom, dress, architecture and, yes, peculiar driving habits give Woody fresh new material for dry observation of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. For example, when Sondra tries to ingratiate himself with Peter Lyman in a chic private club, Waterman states, "In his view, we are scum." Much of the humor is also evoked by the contrapuntal behaviors of British politicians who come across Waterman's stubborn Jewish Borschtheng belt. And then of course there's Waterman's hilarious exit in a smart car he can not remember driving on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop includes heavy doses of in-jokes that cite cunning allusions to film and literary sources as well as increasingly to his own filmography. In addition to the ubiquitous references of Jack the Ripper, the film's soundtrack, for example, is dominated by an arrangement from Grieg's "The Hall of the Mountain King", forcibly refereed by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. The post-funeral gathering of journalists discussing the deeds of the late Joe Strombel clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of death as a character (along with his particular voice and costume), the use of almond tree as the character name, and the mention of Adair University (Harry's "Alma Mater" and where Sondra is) now a student). Moreover, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the underworld river cruise to Hades recalls the use of Greek gods and a choir in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As far as quotable gags are concerned, Allen's scripts are less dependent on a liner than earlier in his career, but Scoop offers at least a few memorable ones. When asked about his religion, Waterman answers: "I was born into the Hebrew belief, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra rips off the defeat of Waterman's would-be detective: "If we put our heads together, you'll hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy by Woody Allen in a decade.
