Something happens to Sondra Pransky as she enters the magic box on the stage of a London theater. Sondra does not know that Sondra materializes the spirit of the late journalist Joe Strombel, who asks her to investigate the man someone told him he was on his journey to another dimension of the notorious Tarot murderer who was in London has committed a great crime. The only problem is that the defendant is a respectable upper-class man for every appearance. When Sondra shares her experience with the Great Splendini, aka Sid Waterman, the magician is baffled, but decides to go along. The two would be P.I.s summon an invitation to a club in which Peter Lyman goes swimming. Sondra fakes the drowning and attracts the attention of this guy who wants to see more of her. Needless to say, the two of them get caught up in the mystery in all sorts of funny situations will be revealed at the end of the film. The real Tarot killer does not believe he can fool a determined Sondra, who turns out to be more resourceful when he has conceded to her. <br /> <br /> The result is a perfect summer movie with lots of laughter that is just what you need to get out of the heat in a perfect time in a cool theater. Woody Allen has done better, and this sunny comedy will justify him for past failures. In "Scoop", Mr. Allen has taken the romantic lead role of his magnificent lead actress. His gesticulating trademarks will never get rid of this funny man, because it seems to be his trademark. The film has some funny insets that go over the heads of the viewers who may not be careful. <br /> <br /> Scarlett Johansson, the beautiful star of "Scoop", seems to be the perfect foil for Woody Allen. She plays the straight part while Mr. Allen does his shtick, a perfect combination. Both are outstanding throughout the movie. Ms. Johansson is a knockout beauty in her red swimsuit, though she has dressed her so stupidly in most of the costumes she wears on the screen. Hugh Jackman is considered Peter Lyman, a refined man with the right pedigree. He makes a good appearance in the movie as the man who persecutes Mrs. Johansson. Ian McShane plays dead Fleet Street journalist on his way to eternity. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a light film for the hot and humid summer thanks to Woody Allen.
