"Scoop" is also the name of an Evelyn Waugh novel from the late 1930s, and Woody Allen's new film, though playing today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It does not have the depth of characterization, intense performances, suspense or shocking last frizzier of Allen's penultimate effort "Match Point" (by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form), but resembles "Scoop" strong Allen's last excursion in his focus on English aristocrats, classy London apartments, murder and detection. This time around, Woody abandons the genre of the arrivists' murder mystery and returns to comedy and is back on screen as a gracious Vaudevillian, a magician named Sid Waterman, stage designer The Great Splendini, who counters a couple of snobs subjects. Um from Hebrew beliefs but as I got older, I converted to narcissism. "Following a revelation in the midst of Splendini's standardization of the materialization process with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky), the volunteer onlooker, the mismatched couple are drawn into a dead ass by the English journalist for a final top news story In the Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met the shadow of a Lord Lyman's son who says she was poisoned, and she told him that the charming aristocratic marginal son of Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the Tarot card killer Sondra and Sid instantly become an amateur lover, with Sid's dead joke and Sondra's vicious beauty beating the swank of the London aristocracy, Woody does not paw his young heroine-muse - as in "Match Point", again Johansson - as in the past, this time Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and would-be movie star surprisingly developed into a crazy, confused, but still pretty student. Sid and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief. They simply band together more or less politely to meet Stromel's wishes by making friends with Lyman and paying attention to evidence of his guilt. With minimal protest Sid agrees to act as Sondra's father. Sondra, who caught Peter pretending to drown in his club pool, baptizes Jade Spence anew. Mr. Spence, ie Woody, keeps breaking his cover with card tricks, but he amuses the dowagers with them and beats their husbands in poker, spits on uninterrupted one-liners, apparently succeeding in stating that he's in the oil and precious metals, so as "Jade" told him to say it. <br /> <br /> That's about everything that goes with it, or anything that can be narrated without falsifying the story by revealing its result. At first, Allen's decision to make Johansson a stooge, naively clear and badly dressed student, seems not only unfriendly, but an all-around bad decision. But Johansson, who has plucked and panicked as an actress, miraculously manages to take it with him, supported by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make an actress appear desirable if he wishes. The film actually creates a sense of relationships to balance the limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra are friendly, and Peter and Sondra have a credible power of attraction, even though they are artificial and corrupt (they eventually end up) with a suspected homicidal suspect Bed to go. <br /> <br /> What a little bit puzzled is Allen slobbering over English wealth and class again, things that his Brooklyn background, despite all his fame, has apparently left behind, with an irresistible longing for. Jackman is an impressive guy, glamorous and dashing. His parents were English. But could this Australian-grown athletic musical comedy star ("X-Man's Wolverine") really go through as an aristocrat? Only in the movies maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not such a strong movie as "Match Point", but to say it's a loser, as some viewers have it completely wrong It does not have more depth than half an hour radio play or a TV show, but Woody's jokes are much funnier and more original than in such media matters, and sometimes they show a return to the old joke and wisdom. It does not matter if a movie is silly or shabby as it distracts the summer entertainment. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. The whole thing is deliciously reminiscent of a time when film comedies were really light escapist entertainment, without gross jokes or bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics would like to tell you that this is a return to Allen's descent from "Match Point." Do not believe them He does not bother too much. Why should he? He is maybe 70, but verbally he is still slightly on his feet. And his body is also moving pretty fast.
