I was fortunate enough to get a free pass for a pre-screening of "Scoop" last night. Full House in the theater and at the end of the movie there was spontaneous applause. I did not speak to anyone who disliked 'Scoop' even though two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and fidgeted uncomfortably for most of the film. But they were the exception because everyone else, including me, really had fun. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a quick murder mystery. A young student of journalism is unknowingly manipulated by forces beyond her control, trying to catch a serial killer at large. There are many Hijinks when she teamed with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a playful and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not a bad supplement to the filmography of Woody Allen. It is not his best work, but it is a very pleasant and carefree move. I'd say it fits very well in an average Woody Allen movie, right in the middle of the pack. If you're a fan of Woody Allen, you'll probably enjoy yourself. If you are indifferent to his work, Scoop may be enough to interest you in seeing more. I do not think anyone who does not like his film and acting style will change his mind. Woody plays the same neurotic character we've got used to, though he's dangerously close to forced labor in this movie. For those who may wish to hurry, hurry, and spit out the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good service, in my opinion, even though I found myself Missing Ian McShane, who is excellent and almost out of the camera. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming nobleman, and I think Woody Allen has found a new, regular star in Scarlett Johansson. I think with 'Match Point' this is the second mating and she's just magical with the material Woody gives her. Could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I am glad that I can see the film and definitely recommend it. More demanding comedy than films like "Scary Movie 4". If your comedy brand is the second rather than the first, "scoop" is probably not for you. On the other hand, if you like class, sophistication and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. Probably not the Woody Allen movie I would introduce to a freshman, but everyone else should try.
