Actually, I did not look at this series that much when I was a kid, but the first episode I ever remember is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. When I started high school in 2000, I had problems throughout high school and I would rather not go into that. but I always saved the bell, but this show really reminded me of the problems I faced at school, and it rarely showed the children's parents. Saved by the bell is ok, but not a good family show. a few days after graduating from high school in 2004, i turned the tv into the family channel and every day i am addicted to full house. I could even press the Info button and see the year it came out, and I would remember what I did during that time. The episode was soon to come and it was called "Birthday Blues" and to this day it is the most popular episode. She is sad and has a happy ending. You see Kimmy Gibbler in a way that she does not do in other episodes. She actually shows her serious side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD and wait for 7 and 8. I wish they could have a documentary and some comments from the actors. I can not say why some people hate this show because you do not see garbage and violence on this show. And for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. But full house is, in my opinion, a family that lives in heaven, where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so great. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good-natured and always in a good mood. When I was a kid, I was just like Jesse and he's the first actor on TV so obsessed with hair. In fact, one can actually say that DJ is a girl from California. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because she always makes me smile and makes my day brighter when I see her. and Stephanie is so cool. In addition, I find it difficult to distinguish the Olsen twins from each other. I want my kids to see it someday. but Full House is my favorite show # 1 and Sabrina, the teenage witch, is my favorite show. One day, sometime before I die, I would really like to meet all of Full House personally. The first three seasons are pretty boring, but they will be better in the fourth season. I just wish they could do a 9th season. In 1995, they stopped building Full House, and in the fall of 1996, Sabrina, the teenage witch came out (which is a similar family show), but Full House is a very loving show and they have their good and bad times and yes, I Understand If you are a wild, trashy person, you will hate this show, but this is a show for luck and it is also a moral show. I'd also like to say that the first three seasons are good kids shows, but around the 4th and 5th seasons, DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only with Full House, but also with many shows. They never talk about the problems in the world and in politics, as if during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombings in Oklahoma City Full House aired in 1995 they never mention anything about it. Even Steve was the friend of my favorite DJ, with Viper and Nelson were not very interesting. but the fifth and sixth season I consider the best. I just wish they'd made Season 9 because they left a big question mark for me, because in the last episode of the last minute, DJ gets a surprise and goes to her graduation with her ex boyfriend Steve when they got together again and I liked that the dj was always the one in charge over the last seasons, and stephanie always wanted to do something brave, like in the episode "stephanie's wild ride".
