I have never seen such a good show as Full House. Full House shames all new shows, big time! Anyone who has never seen it, what I do not see, how it is possible, should see it. It's a great show for all ages. Full House will make you laugh, it will make you cry, it will amaze you. While some people believe that there are some "cheesy" aspects on the show, the positive aspects set aside all "cheesy" aspects. Full House ran its first episode on September 22, 1987 entitled "Our Very First Show" and the final episode on May 23, 1995 titled "Michelle Rides Again Part II". <br /> <br /> The plot of the show is very credible. Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) loses his wife Pam in an accident with a drunk driver. Danny has his brother-in-law Jesse Katsopolis, who is Pam's younger brother, and Danny also brings along his best friend Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier) to help him raise his three daughters. Danny's daughters are DJ (Candice Cameron-Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin) and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen). Joey and Jesse want to contract with Danny and his three girls for a few months to help and end up living with them for eight years; This is the number of years the show has been running. <br /> <br /> Below is a brief description of some characters and the actors / actors who have played him / her: John Stamos (Jesse): John Stamos is a great actor. He plays Jesse. Jesse is a rock star waiting for his break. In Full House John Stamos does his character very well. He looked and played music like his idol Elvis Presley. Bob Saget (Danny): Bob Saget is also a great actor. He loses his wife in a car accident with a drunk driver. He has to raise three girls without having the girl's mother. Bob Saget does a great job with a single parent who works full-time and still has time to raise his three girls. Dave Coulier (Joey): One word can describe Dave Coulier, weird. He is amazing. Playing Joey's character was perfect for him. He's doing a great job waiting for his stand-up comedian to take his break. Candice Cameron-Bure (DJ): She's a great actress. She plays the oldest sister, DJ, short for Donna Jo. She is one of the best actresses I have ever seen. Her acting skills in Full House were very credible. <br /> <br /> Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie): Two simple words describe Jodie Sweetin, amazingly amazing! I wish I could say anything I want to say about Jodie, but I would use the maximum of 1,000 words just for her. She began her career in a children's show called Mother Goose Stories and when she came to Full House, she thrilled the audience and the creator. Her great looks and absolutely incredible acting skills have made the show a success that she has been. According to Dave Coulier, Jodie should be the star of the show. It should be where she would get her big break. Jodie, five years old when the show first aired, could hit every line perfectly. She showed great enthusiasm. Most young children can not do that. As you can probably imagine, Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie) is my favorite character in Full House. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen (Michelle): Great actress. Full House is the starting point for her. They got the role of Michelle because they were the only babies who did not cry in front of a camera. <br /> <br /> There are many more performers that should be recognized. These are the original characters from the time when the show first aired in 1987. <br /> <br /> The only negative I can say is how Full House became the Michelle Show in the end. I think it was about focusing them towards the end. Especially when I think that Jodie and Candice could act much better. Full House is a great show for everyone. It can teach you a lot. It is one of the greatest things that can teach you that everyone can lead a great life, even when a tragedy, such as the loss of a family member, occurs. Full House continues to attract new fans. Despite all this, there are only a few things left to say; Full House will never die, and thank you, the Full House performers, who will give everyone a show that they can enjoy.
