Many thanks to Jymn Magon for creating the 2 best cartoons of Disney. This show has improved a lot over the years. As a kid, I did not like it because I thought it was a rip-off from Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero). Later it was good, but not great. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give him another chance to buy the DVD set and watch the whole pilot on the first day I got him, and was very pleasantly surprised. It's still my favorite episode, though the series did it justice. And at the end of CD 1, I knew that this would become a Toptenner. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex and charming. My favorite must be Wildcat. He is absolutely funny and cute. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show. I can see why 'Olymy built the show around him. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He & Baloo have the best relationship in the series. After that Louie. Jim Cummings has taken over the original voice perfectly. After him Rebecca. She made me laugh a lot and I think she and Baloo will eventually marry. And finally (for the heroes), Molly. Although she is my most unpopular, I still like her. I think she's a very cute character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the bad guys were very original. Don Karnage and his air pirates are always bugging me, Kahn is freezing cold and ruthless, and the Thembrians are always amusing. <br /> <br /> As I said, the stories range from hilarious (Time Waits For No Bear, Romance of Red Chimp) to nothing more than touching (The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), to funny, funny and exciting adventures (looking for age-old puzzles & my darling for whom the Bell Sound). These are just a few of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is the best of Disney except for gummy bears. Some reasons for that? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi) while TS did not have enough of Wildcat. In the end, however, Talespin remains a classic. DOWN LINE 10/10 6. Best cartoon ever.
