When you see this show for the first time, you might be wondering if you are in an alternate reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Entertaining dialogue? Actions that seem to have some depth, sometimes even creating atmospheres of tension and drama? I mean, that's a syndicated children's program, right? This is the same place where kids like "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (please note that three of the above titles are crass Japanese exports, courtesy of that Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you're just sampling some of the quality that was available to children in the late '80s and early' 90s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (a cartoon NOT to be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these prime examples, Disney returned to syndicated programs for children and appeared with a lineup called "The Disney Afternoon". Aside from a run-down show titled "The Rubber Bears," early shows such as "Darkwing Duck," "Duck Tales," and "Chip 'n Dale's Rescue Rangers" gave Disney animation teams that also released theater classics like "The Little Mermaid "," The Beauty and the Beast "," The Savior below "and" The Great Mouse Detective ". Above all, these wonders radiate "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour thrill ride and won an Emmy. To my great joy, the rest of the episodes were comparable to the promise of the premiere. <br /> <br /> I like the actions and the dialogue, but I think the biggest attraction is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still fallible. Kit Cloudkicker, full of fear of fears and optimism; Louie with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, sweet and witty, but with a depth that most children do not have, and of course Baloo in the middle, which I would call a shabby version of James Bond. Because if there's trouble, Baloo saves the day with the help of his sleeker Sea Duck (Read: James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course, every great show must have some great bad guys, and TaleSpin will not disappoint. From the megalomaniac of the businesstiger Shere Kahn over the futile and always failing air pirate Don Karnage to the hilarious and incompetent Soviet-satirized Thembrians. The animation is good, the music is appropriate and the episodes are (for me) the most beautiful the children's program ever had to offer. Great fun for the whole family!
