This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith for what he stood for and what the LDS church believes. With the recent coverage of a particular volatile people in the media, the LDS church has been confused with the FLDS church and criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS Church, but internationally media groups have asked for comments on Jeff's from the LDS Church. Jeff's is not mentioned in the movie at all, but I think it's ironic that this film, with all of its points about Joseph, also deviates from the few members of the FLDS church and its leader in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great movie about it. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are portrayed in Joseph's humanity, acceptance, and love. Jeff's views and opinions are very different from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church, and it's in this movie. Jeffs thinks the "Negro" is devil. Knowing that they were children of God, Joseph Smith gave his wife's favorite horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown housework for his wife Emma and criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that a man could lose his wife in the next life if she decides not to stay with her husband, and that housework is a possibility to help and appreciate your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamist women to his knees in front of a class full of disciples, grabbing her braid and twisting it painfully until she dropped to her knees. Finally, Joseph participated in the prosecution and asked the government for help at any time. Jeffs attacks the government and flees at all times. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie. If you do not know much about Joseph Smith and know what the LDS Church believes, then this is the movie you need to see. And if you mistake the LDS church for the FLDS church, you really need to work together. We hardly differ from someone who believes in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and the family and is a patriot for our homeland and our country. We are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This film tries to portray this, but there is so much of Joseph's life that can not be treated in a mere two-hour movie. That was a really great show.
