This hard-hitting, often violent Western in the tradition of Peckinpah / Leone is surprisingly led by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose previous Westerns (especially those with John Wayne) were mainly in John Ford mode. It is both surprisingly traditional (good guys / bad guys) and incredibly up to date. <br /> <br /> Heston portrays a former Arizona Territorial Police captain who has been retired for a year He transferred law enforcement to a reform-minded sheriff (Michael Parks) and found out how he enforced the law through cars, Telegrams, telephones and the railway could take over in the first years of the 20th century. But soon he is confronted with a threat from his past - a hybrid (Coburn), whom he had set aside more than a decade ago for a robbery covering in which four guards were killed. In a subsequent firefight, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn is looking for a bad kind of revenge. These are the kidnapping and, finally, the rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a tense and violent pursuit through the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. The LAST HARD MEN, based on Brian Garfield's novel "Gun Down," is violent in many places, including the showdown between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene between Hershey and two members of the Coburn Gang (Quade, Paull) is probably just as questionable like similar scenes in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. However, this does not interfere too much with the psychological approach of the film to the Western genre. McLaglen has been able to handle the bloody story with considerable difficulty, and Heston's alternative lawyer's performance was probably the best he'd ever given in one of his 70s films. Coburn caters for a particularly cold-blooded heavyweight, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (husband of Hershey) also run good corners. The music here is crowned by Jerry Goldsmith's notes up to 100 RIFLES and the remake of STAGECOACH from 1966, but still works here. <br /> <br/> Wisely was filmed entirely on location in southeast Arizona using the Old Tucson set THE LAST HARD MEN will soon be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD. It's a western that does not deserve less.
