Somewhere near the film studio directors are companies like UFO, Troma, and Seduction Cinema. The Seduction is a direct video production company that specializes in lesbian themes and non-hardcore erotic films. It has developed a very dedicated fan base that will buy every new title when they are released, but unfortunately the company is too closely associated with star star Misty Mundae. I say sadly, because the current mainstream interest and her appearance on the Show Masters of Horrors has made her set her goals a little higher than the efforts of the Zero Budget SC, forcing the company to find a new identity , But in their glory days, they have released this movie in a very appreciative world. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Misty Mundae has to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school, she meets her absurdly hot room mate, played by Ruby Larocca, who designs immediately, but the headmistress (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical S.C style, the film is stopped every ten minutes for an expanded sex scene, but unlike most of his efforts, this film has a slightly interesting story and some good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to have a great time as a sexual predator who views Misty as a tasty meal, and Darian Caine makes a welcome (albeit brief) appearance as Satan. This is the kind of movie that Jess Franco would make in the 70s (though this one does not have the hardcore sex that Franco was always ready for overseas sales) and fans of those crazy ones would be wise to give this movie a go. <br /> <br /> As a longtime zero-budget cinema fan (and Troma worshiper), I came across the Seduction movies through their parody films (Playmate of the Apes, Who Wants to Be an Erotic Billionaire), but I prefer their more original works. Either you see the low budget and occasionally weak acting, or you hang on these things and hate all those movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these no-budget movies is really fun. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style, which gives the viewer something of the simple, by the number of studio efforts that charge the multiplexes, movie theaters or Sin Sisters (with both Mundae- Sisters) are an excellent choice to start with. This movie is an entertaining, fast-paced movie (though the school's frequent outdoor shots get a bit old) and the DVD is packed with extras, including a lot of previews on other corporate offerings, a great behind-the-scenes feature and some other deleted scenes including an alternate one Opening. I recommend that you pass on the bonus feature of the CD, the first movie by director, as it is quite weak and not really worth watching.
