Most horror movies are horrible movies indeed. They are getting old. The same old pack every minute with some cheap thrills (usually "splatter") and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects. One of the goals of a really good horror movie is to suppress the audience's unbelief. For example, I saw the last two mummy movies and got dizzy almost every second when you saw ridiculous special effects. It probably costs a million dollars a second to make these films, and my feeling of unbelief was never abandoned, it grew roots. Subtlety can be more frightening. Less is more. <br /> <br /> I saw 'The Woman in Black' for the first time on the A & E channel. After flipping through the usual 987 channels of very bad television, I stopped to look at it. This movie almost feels like a "Masterpiece Theater" production. That was fine with me, I've always preferred British television and movies anyway. <br /> <br /> Most viewers would call this too slow. But the slow pace gives the story credibility. There are few special effects that make the viewer believe that this film is in the real world, which makes us a little bit more restless. The make-up and costume for the mind are simple and believable. Hollywood would have made her look like a demon from hell with glowing eyes, fangs, claws, etc. Hollywood would have overkill and turn that idea into mediocre. The woman only makes about five appearances in the movie. Most of them are where they appear in the distance and even that makes a good scare. If she showed up too often, the mood that had set in would have worsened. However, this movie is so well done that through most of the movie we feel it is there all the time but not visible. The scene in which she visits Arthur Kidd late at night and we see that she is a bit too close is a horror feat. <br /> <br /> This is just an extraordinary movie that I consider to be one of the most beautiful horror films made. I have a copy of 'The Haunting', 'The Changling' and a lot more. I have not yet seen anything that surpasses "The Woman in Black," though I'm still watching. This movie is so well done that it gives even the most stubborn skeptic (like me) a moment in which I almost thought about the non-existence of ghosts. I joke with people that occasionally I get short fears that she might be standing in the middle of the street or that I saw her staring through my window, etc. Maybe she could be in the crowd in a lot and hate me staring at her. That was supposed to be a really big horror movie. Like in a LaFanu novel, The Woman in Black pulls you in very slowly and wraps around your neck, and before you know it, it expresses your life and then it's too late. Next thing I have to criticize that this was done for the small screen ... and it is a pity that this is out of print. I just paid over $ 40 for my second copy of this movie. It's a big prize in my collection. Now I'm looking for an even better horror movie that not only scares me but also qualifies a sound drama.
