I was fortunate enough to see this without any prejudice. The next day and the next day, I was surprised how resilient the image of the mind is in my head. I have seen it 3-4 times and each time I appreciate it even more. The settings are beautiful, the city at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, the marsh long shots and the house itself is sufficiently overgrown with moss. The main hero is so sympathetic and good-natured that he is easy to sympathize with. To the person who complained that there were not enough "sparks" in this film, I would say that the whole fight against the mind is led by one person only. It's a fairly slow movie that spends an awful lot of time before and after the ghost attack to develop its character with family and work. SPOILERS_Discussion / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he returns to the capital and meets with the man who helps him and tells him how to see the ghost. He describes the woman in black, and at the end of the conversation he says he is going back, because what had she done? The other man says, "You can not go back ... alone!" and gives the hero his dog. The cute little dog offers a little relief of the comic relief that passes through the house and even into the locked room. <br /> <br /> The many random phenomena of the mind have really freaked me out. The woman appears in the middle of the church and shows that she is not afraid of the church and is not shy or tied to the house. That's all in the beginning. Another unbelievably memorable scene was when the children outside the church fence watched the funeral. While the camera pans to the right, the woman can be seen in the background between the tombstones. The older man does not even look at it, but the kids scream and mock it. Crreeepy ... Normally, ghosts are hiding in shadows and are tracking specific places or people. As mentioned earlier, the malice and anger of the mind are terrifying, and I believe that attacks and the end are perfect and fully justified. The end underscored the fact that the hero had made a big mistake when he returned to the house. Or maybe he was definitely marked by saving the gypsy girl. The man who plays the hotel manager is so credible and does the role really well. I've told my friends how much I've enjoyed this movie, and it's reassuring to see others feel the same way. I can see that people do not see the same masterpiece, especially when they have gone into the matter with a lot of review hype, wondering if ghosts could physically hurt humans. Phew ... I plan to see it again tonight, followed by The Changeling. Any other movies recommended? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
