While I loved ghost house movies like Amityville and Poltergeist, this made a huge impact on the horrors of Hollywood for the TV adaptation of Susan Hill 's bookpacks. With a brilliant cast (many of whom in Heartbeat and other TV dramas), great acting, and fantastic scenery (convincing 1920s life), it has all the right ingredients to lure the viewer into a powerful ghost story. Herbert Wise did this. You do not need blood, violence, or bloodstream to surprise the back of an audience. The Woman In Black is a character of fear and fear that, according to her own imagination, is never missing when she first appears. <br /> <br /> The main character Arthur Kidd, a lawyer, learns of his unseen ghost on his mission to settle the estate. The widow dies and Arthur spends some nights in her dreary house, noticing many strange things that can haunt him for a few days. Some of the scenes are very disturbing and claustrophobic, especially the locked room that opens, turning off the generator and closing Arthur in the dark. The more cruel you are in Arthur's shoes, the more cruel the movie becomes, and the effort to shake off that ghost. The author adds many deterrent additions to the story, such as the reincarnation of the Tin Soldier. One strives to experience the meaning of everything. The fact that we never really hear so much about the widow leaves more of the fantasy and makes it all the more disturbing. <br /> <br /> The widow looks mostly vicious and intimidating. The scene after putting up the generator sent me down, a woman who appears out of nowhere on an isolated marshland with howling wind? Since I had such qualities myself, I can understand how isolated it is. And the scene at the hostel was perhaps the worst thing I've ever seen. I do not want to hurry or show older relatives. I woke up often at night and thought she was sleeping behind me. <br /> <br /> The Woman In Black is a great TV movie and a lost gem. I agree to some extent that the internet hype for this movie was completely overcrowded and that people were disappointed after having spent the best of £ 50 on it, but I think the net has defeated hidden gems because it makes films like this overexposed. I think it's still brilliant and fantastically played, and I consider it the greatest ghost story of the last century.
