New York, 1953. Four famous iconic figures come together on a hot night. The professor (Albert Einstein) has come to New York to give a speech he has on his back, the senator (Joesph MacCarthy). Later that night he gets a surprise visitor; a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who wants to discuss relativity theories? Shortly thereafter, her ball husband (Joe DiMaggio) shows up in the hotel room, begging to find out things for her crumbling relationship. Flashbacks from childhood, important events, perceived consequences of their actions sneak in to show how these individuals cope with despair and a hidden fear that is just waiting to break out. <br /> <br /> Well, that's unique! From a stage play by Terry Johnson (who would also be writing the script for the film), "Insignificance" is a strange, quirky, seductive and almost curious fictitious pop culture gimmick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and cerebral experimental effort could be rooted in her stage play because she feels theatrical and most of the action takes place in a hotel setting and a main suite. The Cramp look only helped New York's moody and smoky atmosphere. These limitations, however, can not include the fruitful and daring ideas that make Roeg happen to storm visually and through the meaningful material. The way in which he thinks about the characters (which are suggestively famous characters, without having to be named), philosophical journeys and interpretations of their ideas is stimulating in a spiritual sense, with the memories in the present and visions their fears realizations that, depending on what you see, are either beautiful or urgently implemented. The verbos innovative (though sometimes awkward) script contains many food for thought and hints, with a focus on the current situation, but the flashbacks give us the personal make-up (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) of what makes you who they are and how much burden there can be, already demands a life. Sure, history can not ultimately lead to anything and feel incoherent, but the dreamy mood and intelligent arrangement iron these wrinkles and make sure they never get dizzy. Peter Hannan's sensual fluid photography and Stanley Myers' poignant blues soundtrack are a perfect match for Roeg's stylistic subtlety and established directorial style. He makes it look like he's working with something big and big, but otherwise that's not the case and a small little universe is born. The vintage costumes and the scenes of the era all come out well enough. What made the film for me was the impressive acting of the four leading actors. Theresa Russell's sassy, ​​breath-taking appeal for the sexy pin-up actress is a growing account that has definitely kept the movie together with a truly outstanding and loveable achievement of Michael Emil as a professor. Tony Curtis plays it wonderfully as a witch-hunt senator, and Gary Busey is in a stoically gravelly manner suitable as a ballplayer. Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick are shown in small but amusing support roles. <br /> <br /> A remarkable, fresh and powerful meditation piece of metaphysics, connected by four different extremes. Some find it presumptuously too foreign and too talkative, but I've packed myself into his own small, unique world to worry too much about the shortcomings.
