It is not known if Marilyn Monroe ever met and talked to Albert Einstein (and perhaps we have never known since the mysterious disappearance of her diary after her equally mysterious death), but the opportunity arose during her lifetime. Written by Terry Johnson from his own play, Nicolas Roeg's Insignificance presents one night in 1953 in a New York hotel room between the two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and Senator Joseph McCarthy (Curtis) - but only at a level. On another level, it overrides or reduces these "personalities" (and what a lousy phrase) to mere avatars (the characters are deliberately renamed), which at the same time have a greater and lesser status. <br /> <br /> The title Insignificance is both true and deeply ironic. Here is the assets of DiMaggio reduced to just over a picture on a bubblegum card. Even Monroe reduces itself to the components of clothing, hair, lipstick, shaking and voice. As the film uncovers its insecurities and reverses its roles, the concepts of celebrity are brought into focus and the cult of personality explodes. <br /> <br /> The topic continues: Hiroshima into a hotel suite where "The Actress" is burned to ashes within seconds; a literal deconstruction of fame. Goodbye, Norma Jean. The story informs the script, which in turn turns the story upside down. Roeg considered, after seeing Johnson's game for the first time, "These characters were mythical, not invented by a single person, either the public or the press, and probably not even the characters themselves." As played by Theresa Russell and Marilyn (an intellectual wardrobe in real life), she presents a childlike Einstein ("The Professor", played by Emil) about the theory of relativity with balloons and a flashlight while he introduces the professor to show his legs In deliberate parody of her own role in The Seven-Year Itch, the movie The Actress is currently being edited at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> The story reports that Monroe's then-husband, the fading baseball star DiMaggio (played by Busey as a tenderly psychotic simpleton), was unhappy about her iconic clothing scene in the movie that triggered her split. We discover the jealous "ballplayer" in a bar and lament the fact that "if I want to see her underwear, I just go to the corner like everyone else." <br /> <br /> Unlike The Professor, The Ballplayer believes the universe is round-a quarrel shared by Native Americans. But the Big Chief (Sampson of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest) serving the Roosevelt Hotel Elevator was almost completely disenfranchised by his own culture: "I no longer see Cherokee - I watch TV." Meanwhile, "The Senator" is studying the professor, who is about to make a pacifist speech to the United Nations, which The Senator considers a red. In fact, as he reveals Monroe, Einstein is plagued by guilt over Hiroshima and what holds the future of white heat. In a seemingly godless universe, all such concerns and aspirations become insignificant in the face of higher (atomic) power. Roeg is truly the perfect director to bring Johnson's stage play to the screen. Tortured flashbacks from childhood and pessimistic forward movements (Ka-Boom!) Create unexpected connections between time, place, and circumstances. However, the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch used at the time may make it unique; Every moment next to each other. As his back catalog shows, for a director who is enchanted by the idea of ​​synchronicity, it is something of a hobbyhorse. 1920's bleeding into 1945 and dripping into the 1980s, a time when another "actor" has taken his biggest role as President of the United States. If all of this sounds pretty heavy (quantum physics is certainly involved), the execution is everything else, but thanks to Johnson's witty, sparkling script, Roeg's playful direction, which opens up a basically gradual setup - and the cast itself, which is in star form. In particular, Tony Curtis leaves teeth in the wood paneling as the paranoid, impotent senator who has tried to make a rival with a Monroe imitator (as opposed to Russell) before being deserted by his dwindling member. <br /> <br /> Of course, Curtis once played with the real Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot, and described their embrace as "kissing Hitler". Roeg commented, "Everything suddenly seemed to be connected ... when the movie took shape, even the actors themselves seemed to be part of this endless connection." Everything goes into the pot to be cooked and served in a new and fascinating way.
