I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a movie version of Roeg's stage play, and although most of the movie plays in a hotel room, it still has some of Roeg's cinematic flare. A very unique story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell), who goes to a hotel in 1954 after a hard night of filming to visit a famous professor (Michael Emil) and they talk together in his hotel room. After a while she wants to go to bed with him, but when she undresses, her husband knocks on the door. Her husband is a famous ex-baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. The three in the hotel room tell what is going on and what the future holds for them. In the meantime, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to take away the professors' papers if he does not testify at a hearing. Theresa Russell is simply excellent, and while she's not exactly trying to personify Marilyn Monroe, she's wonderfully transmitting the phobias and nuances that Monroe is well known for. One thing the film shows is not just showing her as a woman on the brink of a nervous breakdown, but also as a physical wreck. She talks about not having children, and at one point in the movie she suffers a miscarriage. You can make an outstanding case that this is Russell's best performance and I probably would not argue. The movie is interesting because it shows a lot of flashbacks while the characters continue to talk about one thing, and in the flashback we see one of many reasons for their actions. Busey also offers a good, solid performance and reminds me what a strong personality he gives on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character who has much more in mind than we originally thought. The last scene in this movie is a demonstration of its dark side! One of the highlights of the movie for me is the little talk he has with the elevator man (Will Sampson from "Cuckoo's Nest"), and they discuss what the Cherokees think about at any time. But in the famous scene in this film, Russell Emil demonstrates how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The professor is happy about her demonstration and we too! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and work admirably together. This is probably the best movie they have together. Good performances and a very interesting directing job make this film a challenging and visually stimulating film.
