MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a fascinating 1945 B thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, who is arguably one of the best directors of Hollywood Noir films. This 65-minute Gothic curiosity from Columbia Pictures was created after Lewis's long training as a helper of a series of Westerns of poverty, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the incredibly bizarre Bela Lugosi shocker THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and the standard B studio (MYSTERIES OF A CO-ED, BOMBS ON BURMA, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.) - all this set the scene for what should come from the hugely talented and resourceful Mr. Lewis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (as well as SO DARK THE NIGHT from the following year) introduced a director who mastered the rare and delicate art and told a dark and testifying story with a modest budget quickly and efficiently. Later Lewis productions such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955) continued to rely on skillful, clear camera work and effective, restrained lighting despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is probably more in keeping with the tradition of British mysteries (in a studio-bound England) than conventional film noir settings and odds. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position in the house of an elderly woman (Lady Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival she awakes from a deep sleep in a completely foreign house and, mysteriously, with a brand new identity - the daughter-in-law of the old woman. She said that she was the victim of a nervous breakdown and struggles to grasp the uttermost and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament. But soon she begins to put together the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark secret that her "husband" (the ever-threatening George Macready) most likely murdered his real wife and she was tempted to take part in a harrowing and sinister plan. What characterizes this otherwise modest story are the irresistible touches that Lewis brings into production, which she describes as the first of his truly earnest efforts as a director.
