I originally saw this movie as a boy in the old Rialto Theater as part of a Saturday triple act with Matinée, which included Vincent Price's Last Man on Earth and Mario Bava's Nightmare Castle. I had nightmares of blood-whispering ghosts after a week! Although I did not know it then, all three films were classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films scared me, Castle of Blood had the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first time on the bill. I did not even see it from the beginning because we came to the movies too late and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. This is very overlooked, since the edited pressure lasted only about 79 minutes (the unprocessed output runs 87 minutes). But the dark, spooky atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, fog-shrouded cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), gothic stage design, strong acting and suspense (especially the last 20 minutes) made the beekeepers feel and made a lasting impression. I have years needed to finally get a copy of the film for my collection. Since it was a French - Italian import, no film was shown on the late show in Winnipeg. I could not remember exactly the title (I remember that I did not see the beginning of the movie and was scared). In addition, the film was literally released under a dozen different film titles (also known as Danze Macabre), "Casket of Terror", "Castle of Terror", "Long Night of Terror", etc.) and the working title "Castle of Blood" in the The USA and the UK were very general, similar to dozens of other "b" horror and suspense movies illusory. But thanks to the internet and perseverance I finally found it! What a pleasure to finally see the movie in its entirety after so many years! It may not have been the sheer emotional impact it had as a boy, but when ghost house movies go, it's good and comparable to similar iconic films from that time, like "The Haunting," "The Innocents," or "Black Sunday." The film is a beautiful early effort by Italian director Antonio Margheriti, featuring 60s Scream Queen icon Barbara Steele and a well-written script by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who bids the night in a haunted house The Hypnotic Steele is well populated as a ghostly love interest - as are Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsahm as Julia - many of the tricks Margheriti uses to echo the film's eerie atmosphere cobwebs, creaking doors, fog, etc.) seem to be clichéing a modern audience but they work much more effectively in black and white than in modern colors. Instead of using body counts and special effects, the film frightens the old fashion and relies on a good story, a stylish direction, fine sets, interesting camera work and strong acting performances. Margheriti does a marvelous job of adopting these elements and building up the excitement of the film, as the horrible paranormal mystery of the house is gradually revealed to the ignorant writer. <br /> <br /> The film is not faultless. The tempo subsides at the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes I had originally missed). This is likely to be worsened by the efforts of Synapse to restore the original length of the film. The fans will most likely appreciate the chance to see the movie restored - as far as the intro is concerned - it may have been more of a hindrance than a help. The English voice dubs are passable and in the restored scenes the language changes from English to French (English subtitles), which is certainly annoying for some viewers. <br /> <br /> Synapse Films, however, deserves praise for the quality of the print. Obviously, some effort has been put into the restoration, and rightly so. <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed the movie and would recommend it to those who love the Italian Goth movies of the 60s or anyone who likes a good ghost story. <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
