If you're a fan of gothic horror then you'll absolutely love this wonderful Italian movie "Castle of Blood". We're really talking about creepy creaky doors, weird portraits that seem to be moving, and spontaneously dying candles, even though there's no wind and smoke under heavy wooden chamber doors. In terms of atmosphere and style, this masterpiece of gothic cinematography is one of the best ever. Just a tiny league below landmarks such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Weeping Woman". Prominent director duo Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful storyline (which really creates a nightmare). ultra-scary scenery and film locations, stylish black and white photography, spooky music and a brilliant gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, starlet of the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and the Italian Gothic muse number one, shines again as a mentally agonizing figure and is literally surrounded by excellent players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives a rather meaningful account of the writer Edgar Allan Poe. The story is about him and another wealthy visitor to a rural tavern who asks a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid bet. If he ?? Alan Foster? If he spent a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, he would receive the amazing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, the ordeal is far more dangerous than it sounds, even to someone like Alan Foster, who is a staunch non-believer in ghosts and vampires. The night starts out great for him, he even meets the stunningly beautiful woman of his dreams, but gradually he learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place, in which the spirits of the previously deceased visitors are included for all eternity. I do not know about you, but this is really one of my favorite horror movies of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was obviously also proud of this film because he rebuilt it a few years later as "Web of the Spider" itself. This film had a handful of trumps, such as the casting of no less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is far superior. "Castle of Blood" literally radiates the atmosphere and creates a thoroughly disturbing ambience. This is really one of those rare movies that make your hair on your arms and neck start to panic when you watch them in the right circumstances. See it late at night, preferably alone and in a candlelit room, and get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
