Italy produced a lot of really great and original horror movies in the 1960s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the movie. Shot in beautiful black and white and due to the use of lighting by director Antonio Margheriti; The film almost looks like it could be a German expressionist horror movie. This, coupled with the horror-filled plot, ensures that Danse Macabre is a movie that really captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not harm - and the good news continues, because in this film she can move her acting muscles more than in the films that have made her famous. The plot is very aware of the time this was published, incorporating the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet by Poe and Lord Blackwood, that he can not spend an entire night in the spooky old castle of the latter. Anyone who has spent the night there has died ... and our hero is about to hit the previous wagers! <br /> <br /> Horror movies are not so much focused on any recording these days, and the result is that there's not much beauty in the genre. It is therefore refreshing to see this movie. Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple, who only wears a transparent skirt, to my personal favorite - a shot of smoke creeping in under a door. This is my first Antonio Margheriti movie and also after watching this one; It is obvious that he was one of the leading directors of Italy. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written by one of the other Italian greats. Django creator Sergio Corbucci. The action can sometimes be a bit too much, but there's always enough atmosphere to make sure the movie never gets boring - and the fact that it's always intriguing, even as the action slows down, ensures the same. The way that Danse Macabre uses the theme "haunted house" is good and original, helping to keep the story as spooky as possible. On the whole, fans of Italian and / or iconic cinema do not want to miss this little gem!
