Antonio Margheritis "Danza Macabra" aka. "Castle Of Blood" from 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly haunting masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror, and after Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" (aka "Black Sunday") of 1960 and Roger Corman's "Pit And The Pendulum" of 1961 ( with the great Vincent Price) Another must-have that has more than earned the wonderful Barbara Steele as the most important female horror icon in the history of the films. But not only the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele is one of my favorite actresses of all time, but the script for "Danza Macabra" was co-written by none other than the cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who staged so ingenious spaghetti western milestones "Django" ( 1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). Italy's number two in the field (right after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti, is one of the eternal masters of Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly any other film manages to create an incredibly haunting but beautiful atmosphere, as is the case with this creepy masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous writer of brilliant macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a gloomy London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman that he can not spend one night in his haunted castle on the night of the eve of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the eerie castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a short while, however, he encounters a charming castle resident, the stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events, however, have been only foreshadowings of the horrors that the castle bears, but ... The eerie castle backdrop alone would be enough to create a gloomy mood, the excellent black and white cinematography and a great score by Riz Ortolani create an incredible haunting atmosphere that is unimaginable. The wonderful Barbara Steele is as always fantastic. I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to combine the mesmerizing beauty with the uncanny, as Steele does, and no actress ever will. Apart from Steele, the film's cast includes another breathtaking beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and it also delivers a great performance. George Rivieres performance as Alan Foster is great and the rest of the performances is also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele delivers one of her best performances, the cinematography and filming locations are incomparably beautiful, the atmosphere is incredibly scary ... The film is simply a perfect atmosphere, gothic beauty and the art of terror. In short, "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and biggest Gothic horror movies ever made, and should not be missed by anyone interested in genres! 10/10
