Today actresses are gaining weight, coloring their hair, dressing like sluts and losing their glamor, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and make-up makeup by Constance Bennett, Davis was ready to devastate herself to create a figure both outside and inside. <br /> <br /> Determination is featured here in detail in her film "Of Human Bondage," starring Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a nasty, manipulative, greedy low-life to Howard's masochistic, club-footed Philip. He first meets her as a waitress, and she allows him to take her to the food and theater while having fun with a wealthy older man (Alan Hale Senior). In fact, Mildred is repelled by Philip's clubfoot. For his part, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of her open flirting and her coolness towards him. He allows Mildred to bleed him financially between friends who drop her off when tired of her, while he blows off some really lovely women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he feels the urge to throw her out, Mildred mauls his apartment and robs him. He forces him to leave the medical school and lose his accommodation. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and an attractive actor, his acting style is more of a formal old school, and therefore he tends to meet with the one he is currently in. After "or" The Petrified Forest, "which follows His outdated acting is even more obvious here, because Davis has broken new ground with a pithy, nervous performance that would really make her name, and if she seems exaggerated at times, she came off the stage, and the subtleties of Film performance would come up later for her, comparing her performance to the restraint, warmth, and gentleness of her Henriette in "All This and Heaven Too," or the pathos she brought to "Dark Victory." She was a real actress and a real actress Artist: Davis really does look like hell, and Mildred's deterioration is utterly wretched when Philip gains strength seems while her mind is dwindling. <br /> <br /> A great movie that shows the flourishing of one of the movie's biggest stars.
