When I saw that this movie was only 80 minutes long, I thought we were in trouble. To condense the gigantic W. Somerset Maugham novel into a movie that occurs in less than an hour and a half seemed like a catastrophe waiting to happen. But you know, not only is the movie half bad, and he even manages to keep much of what the book so much rethinks his readers' wet noodle of an actor, and it was him, but no one drops me better able to play the role of Philip Carey than a wet noodle, because Carey certainly is. Howard plays him well, which means you keep shaking him and beating him on the head, finally taking him out and buying him a spine. Ah, and then there's Bette, the girl Carey obsesses, and his world collapses. I did not know what attracted Mildred to this book, and the film remains true to that detail. But as Davis plays, she is the most intriguing character in the story, and if she is uncomfortable and unlikely, she is at least the most dynamic person on the screen at all times. Davis' performance here is credited with a change in the running of film acting, just like Brando's almost 20 years later when he starred "Stella !!" yelled. in this little-known Tennesee Williams game, and it's not hard to see why. Davis is intense to the eerie. She makes no attempt to elicit sympathy from the audience, and she looks ugly and unhappy. Her appearance when Carey comes to her late in the movie and finds her dead or nearly dead from an unnamed illness (although not much attention is paid to the fact that it is a sexually transmitted disease is shocking). Of course it helps that this film squeaked just before the entry into force of the production law. If it had been done a year later, you could be sure that things would have been a little different. <br /> <br /> Yes, much of the novel and many of the most interesting parts are at the bottom of the tailoring, and the story is really about Carey and Mildred and not much else. I've found this to be the least interesting and boring part of Maugham's novel, but it's the part that gives the novel its title, and seems to be the part that readers are still drawn to, so it seems me this a wise decision The part of the filmmakers you chose to adapt the novel as they did. <br /> <br /> Note: B +
