When reading websites on Bette Davis, there may be cases where authors claim their acting is nothing special. I even found a website claiming that the success of Bette Davis is probably due to their luck. But the films of Mrs. Davis of 1934 betray the opposite. The most obvious example is two films she has just shot apart for a few weeks: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters she played in these films are both pretty negative, though both are negative. Arlene in the former is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heiress and much more personable than Mildred in the latter, who is a pale, uneducated and outrageous Cockney waitress. Needless to say, Ms. Davis played both characters very authentically and with the same enthusiasm. But that's not all. The point is that the earlier role that most actresses of the day would want was the one she was forced to do. The latter role, which most actresses considered an unwanted, career-destroying role, was the one she had fought wildly for months. And it was the latter role that led her to the biggest stars. So there was no question that Ms. Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The film, which features a medical student named Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who falls in love with Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has a few weeks, but many more strong points. The story is just too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, it's pretty unclear why the sophisticated student was even interested in an outrageous waitress. Well, there is a scene in which we are exposed to Ms. Davis' mesmerizing eyes, but then his emotions are already fully developed. However, the integrity of the story is preserved through the superior acting skills of Howard and Davis, as well as the fantastic Steiner music that conveys a lot of emotion, even if we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is fused by Phillip's migration sequences, which show him from behind, complemented by shuddering two-color repeats. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner has written a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life that is consistently used in the film. And a beautiful scene where we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen because of Francis Dee's breathtaking beauty (by the way, Ms. Dee was considered too beautiful to star in Gone with a wind ) as well as Steiner's captivating music. The camera movements between the scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> My biggest objection, however, is that events are presented in two dimensions, which makes the viewer think that Mildred is the ultimate slut. The most disgusting characters should be men who lure them into a relationship, although they knew they would leave them after they made use of them, but they were strangely portrayed as sympathetic characters. After all, Mildred, in her own, but honest, way, lets Phillip know that she despises him and is not interested in him. What he just does not want to hear. Phillip's masochistic nature, associated with his clubfoot and infantile experiences, is the main reason for his love problem. He, like Mildred, is enslaved to his club foot and may need to be free from both to start a normal life. Of course, and selfish and rude, Mildred, having discovered Phillip's voluntary attachment to her, played his own part in making his life hell. Even considering she exploded when she realized that the bondage had eased, it is not clear why she should burn Phillipe's money (Maugham intended it differently in his novel). Finally, she could steal it well and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the movie is a bit dated, but every time you look at it, you can reveal new interesting details due to its superiority, drama, intriguing music, and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible grade ,
