Bette Davis's electrifying performance is such that it's hard to remember the other female players. They were as perfect in their games as Davis was in theirs - they just did not have much to do. Some of the reviewers thought the book was so much better - but it was not the same as giving the film, condensing a 600-page book to 83 minutes is not an easy task. The first part of the book did not even come to the screen - he told of Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip had tried to establish himself as an artist. It also tells his first romance - with Fanny Price killing herself when she realizes that Phillip can not reciprocate her feelings of love. It's a wonderful book, but sprawling, and I think anyone who does not over-estimate the movie should read the book and see how good the movie is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he will only ever be Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), a mediocre painter, returns to England and hopes to take medicine. In a tearoom he meets a grumpy waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she has no interest in him and basically treats him like dirt, Phillip is obsessed. It's so hard to see how he tries to find some politeness in this spiteful spy. In one scene, she promises to meet him in a second-class railway waiting room, when they almost miss, she complains, "Why should I wait in a second-class waiting room when a first-grade class is available." You just want to shake him. She is only pleasant when she tells him that she will marry another man, a crude salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred from the picture he meets Nora (Kay Johnson), a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity of books among servants (in the novel in which Mildred had read them). Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs, but he can not return her love. When Mildred returns (Miller does not marry her and she has a baby), of course he takes care of her and helps her with the baby (in the movie it is treated as an object - always referred to as a "baby", never given a name or gender ) - she pays back by running away with his best friend. <br /> <br /> At the hospital, he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee), who visits her sick father. He visits her at home and gets a sense of family for the first time in his life. Then surprise! Surprise! Mildred returns like a nasty penny and surprise! Philip picks her up. But he has changed and feels only disgusted, if only she wants to show gratitude in this way. Then one of the most vicious verbal fights in the movie follows with phrases like "you, you filthy pig", "I only kissed you because you begged me" and "when you left, I wiped my mouth, I have my mouth wiped off. " !!! In the book, a lot of Mildred's phrases like "You're a gentleman in the truest sense of the word", "I do not mind" and "Mr. High and Mighty" were associated with prostitutes when Phillip met them for the first time he is impressed by it. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie shows that Phillip (who is truly free of Mildred in the only possible way) is now free to love Sally. Again in the book, Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she's having a baby, but that only makes him safer for his love. This end, like Mildred's "illness", could not be in the movie - not even in the pre-code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson was always challenged to play sensible, believable women - playing them perfectly was obviously sensible. Her Nora was the woman Philip should have stayed with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful screen geniuses. Obviously, with some roles proving that she is not just a pretty face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), she got ready for her star, but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began to wane. Her Sally did not push her talent to the limit. Apparently, Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on set - he was annoyed that an English actress did not get the role. He threw her her lines as he read a book in front of the camera. He started to get interested when a newspaper reported, "the child ran away with the picture" !!! <br /> <br /> Very, highly recommended.
