This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel put Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. She might have won an Oscar for her performance, but the films were loaned out so her studio did not push for her. Her acting in this scene is not good by today's standards. When the heartless waitress Philip, a sensitive medical student, whirls around and almost ruins his life, Davis is far too shrill, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually produced good performances by his actresses, was perhaps overwhelmed. Although observable, Davis is so shrill and predatory that he seems barely human. I imagine the character of Millie softer, less female than Davis, perhaps with a hint of Tomboy. Davis is such a strong, immediate presence that she has no mystery about mysticism, making Philip look as if he were more masochistic than he should be. As Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. His washed-out, slightly withered appearance is perfect for this failed esthete. He also does not give the page any personal interpretation, as Dirk Bogarde might have done, giving his work a rare clarity. He seems to have control of what it should be like when he plays a man with a rational intellect who has grasped irrational emotions that he can not handle, or even completely satisfy, because the object of his affection moves him in some way he can not understand. Howard was a good actor, too often cast in standard romantic games, forcing him to use the charm he does not use here. <br /> <br /> It has been so long since I read Book I that I do not feel comfortable commenting on the film's fidelity. I think it captures the spirit of the story well enough and that in Howard it has a perfect Philip Carey. The sexual undercurrents are mute, and sometimes Philip is so masochistic that one wonders in the absence of strong sexual feelings about the reason of the character, certainly not the intent of Mr. Maugham. Thanks to Howard's achievement, Philip remains at the center of attention, as can be seen in Millie's various responses and aspirations, at which extremes a rational intellect will understand the irrational in itself and in others. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very good movie, sometimes a little stilted because of its age. He is reminiscent of London and for the most part plays well.
