The story is somewhat petrified, with the sudden twists of the main character, but Leslie Howard and Bette Davis' depictions of Philip Carey, the naive, obsessed lover, and Mildred Rogers, the unworthy object of his affection, clearly emphasize this film about that Standard melodrama addition. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, cultured Philip, who is in bondage for the greater part of the picture, first to fall in love with him, and then his pity for Mildred is not unlike a character Howard did a few years later Ashley Wilkes, The Southern Gentleman was too refined and decent to make it in the rough reconstruction period. Philip actually seems disappointed even before Mildred enters the picture. He does not even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him that he will never make it as a painter. It may be this passivity, these diminished expectations, that make him endure the selfish Cockney waitress as long as he does. <br /> <br /> Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today's focus is on "Of Human Bondage" as Bette Davis image, perhaps because of the well-known story of how she had to fight Jack Warner to get the role of Mildred , and maybe because the movie audience prefers characters with their raw energy. Mildred may have a grating voice, but she also has the ethereal beauty of a stained glass angel, which makes it reasonably clear why Philip let himself be torn as long as he. Although the person who eats Mildred sometimes seems one-dimensional, he occasionally elicits sympathy from the viewer when he falls ill and realizes late that Philip is the only decent man to care for them. One might also think that she is doing something by accusing Philip of looking down on her because she is not "fine" enough. (The scene in which Philip and Norah dismiss romance magazines as garbage for kitchen girls seems to confirm this.) Most of the minor characters are also effective, especially Norah, the sensible romance writer who loves Philip, but knows she can never interact with Mildred and compete with Sally, who have Mildred's beauty and Norah's decorum and emerge as the deserving woman Philip is rewarded with in the end. The only character I found hollow was Sally's eccentric, ale-slumping aristocratic father, who looks like a character from an earlier age. <br /> <br /> A classic that deserves its reputation.
