This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman to whom men are attracted. Not because she is a beautiful, beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come out and says that, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie where men all look over them with googly eyes. She works as a waitress in a café, she can not read and does not look anybody, but she is a flirt. It's obvious that the male customers in this cafe are there for her. One day Phillip, a run-out medical student at the club, comes on foot to say a good word for his friend, but he gets worried as soon as he sees her. He begins to buy her things, even paying for her apartment. In the meantime, she sees other people and makes no secrets about it. He dreams of her as if she were an angel, but she is not an angel. He keeps thinking about her. His grades even fail. So what is the Nookie too good. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she marries another man. She always lets Phil know that she really has no feelings of love for him. He is heartbroken, but he meets another woman. They seem to be good, but it's obvious he's still dreaming of the Bimbo. Mildred returns with a baby and unmarried. Phillip picks her up, but she leaves with a friend, the light bulb goes on a bit and he kickes her out. She does what she knows works, so she tries to seduce him. Well, it does not work and it burns its tuition. Oh, we have a clubfoot he's having trouble with, even if a teenager in the street who has the same problem tells him to tidy up a bit about it. He meets another girl named Sally. We have a march of time showing how she will age while still waiting for her on Mildred. Well, he has no school time, can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father pick him up. Not before another March of Time montage that shows him downhill. Soon his uncle, who raised him, dies and he gets money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he finds that Mildred needs him again. She has TB. In the meantime, he still leads Sally the primitive iron way over the marriage and he accepts a job as a steamboat. Eventually the bimbo dies and Phillip declares that he is now free and will marry Sally. I wish she had told him to stuff it. Now I know that my attitude to the characters does not bring me any points. But I think Phillip was the bad guy. Yes, Mildred is a strumpet, BUT he knows and keeps coming back. He now has two other friends who love him, but he serves as a starter. I think the sex was not so good. But in any case he keeps track of these women waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but also the man who becomes pregnant Mildred is already married, and when Philip asks him what he intends to do with baby (apparently the baby's name), he laughs, he has no intention of supporting her , and baby is rich. Sally's father, who has 9 children, says pretty unpleasant things about women, but he's supposed to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to disprove his feelings either. Men use Mildred as a boy's toy, but the men in this movie are intact. Yes, she was not a handsome woman, but she was far from a villain. For me it was Philip who had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
