I like Leslie Howard in his better movies. For some reason, his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE has never really moved me. I first saw the movie on my college campus in 1972, and the reviewer in the college newspaper commented that Howard had played the roles that Dirk Bogard later cheated on as a man in the 1930s and 1940s, who was born to be cheated. This is not usually the case (in my view, I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who could be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were to be the subject of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any guy, and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not someone to betray. * <br /> <br /> (* One can cite the case that Philip Armstrong Scott betrayed by the two strangers he cheats proves hospitality in 49TH PARALLEL, but there are Nazis who call him a liberal, Western It's not the same as emotional treachery, and Howard does not shrink, but he faces the Nazis and gets one after he beat him up.) <br /> < br /> I think the critic said Howard could be emotional - or try to be emotional. Experience his poet - Dreamer - Wanderer in THE PETRIFIED FORREST. But this character has not been betrayed, except perhaps through the story (since he thinks his guy is just as obsolete as the mobster of Humphrey Bogart). The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maughams OF HUMAN BONDAGE is also soulful. He is sensitive for several reasons. He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE he has no talent. Therefore, he decides to focus on medical studies, which is highlighted by a clubfoot condition. Here he is a man of low self-esteem who is set up to be cheated. Philip finds this betrayal in the form of Mildred's cockney waitress (Bette Davis), who is selfish and selfish. Come on. Why Philip falls for her is not really addressed in the film, but he finds the woman intriguing. And she finds a simple food menu for him. Ironically, Philip realizes that he is so fascinated by this slut, two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and they are more likely to be his partner. He also repeatedly finds that he forgives Davis when she has relationships with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter a friend of Howard). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance shows Philip's bias against Mildred, he really does not show enough passion (until late in the movie when he addresses her). That's why I find that I was never interested in his performance here - it has no reality. His later tormented insistence on GONE WITH THE WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has more in common with a man in love. But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the movie important. She had a variety of parts until 1934, such as the friend of the deaf pianist in THE MAN WHO GOPLAYED GOD or the spoiled heiress who was murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO, or the mouse-like secretary in Three To A Match. As Mildred, she finally showed that she could become a great actress by playing a selfish bitch. Her performance was not just a touch. While abusing and abusing Howard for two-thirds of the movie, she culminates in this famous scene where she shows how much she has kissed him, while her latest scenes show that she, too, could break any honest due to her health and her inability Jobs. When Howard rejects them, viewers do not realize how equally mischievous he becomes (he asks what happened to their baby) - she tells him that the baby has died and howard says he is happy, which she hardly anticipates. In the end, Howard finally makes his life in order, but Mildred ends a victim (ironically, her death, her old friend Denny had discovered at a doctor's visit). Davis did not nominate the Film Academy of the Arts and Sciences in 1934 (leading to the largest write-in campaign in its history and a permanent change in the rules), but Davis was established as a star. In a year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years she played again with Howard (as equal stars) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
