Bette Davis's Cockney accent in this movie is absolutely horrifying. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not recognize this and that's fine. But believe me, it's about half as good as Dick Van Dye's cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and that was a real load of old ponies (crept in London's Leap - many apologies). <br /> <br /> The remarkable thing for me is that the comic accents and exaggerated acting styles do not affect the power of the films. Of Human Bondage is, despite superficial mistakes, a fascinating piece of cinema. It also has to be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at this time need to be acknowledged, and given these limitations, John Cromwell makes the camera very good and lets the narrative develop cinematically, rather than just evolving through bred drama and stilted dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene at Victoria Station. It's beautifully designed, filmed and edited. Also note the gross settings of the prostate Mildred toward the end of the film; They owe more to the beginnings of artistic filmmaking than to the rehabilitated, formulaic world of the studio, which was about to dominate. The themes of the film are well known and captivating: sexual obsession, unfulfilled love, despised passion, self-hatred, manipulative relationships, social gulf, and adolescent folly. Although the dialogue is often a bit crazier, the difficult task of presenting these themes and the inner workings of the characters is solved well, albeit in a reserved way. Some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable, but the story does not become stereotypes. We are aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of the other's feelings and by intentional selfishness. While the story is naïve, the story goes all the way to the complex heart of the human condition and the reworked nature of acting and the occasionally latticed exchange that does not diminish the veracity of the work. <br /> <br /> Of Human Bondage was One of the films that Bette Davis has seen in Hollywood, you are aware of when you have witnessed a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and screen image (no woman fluttered or despised her more like Mrs. Davis) caught her attention from her first appearance. While she is definitely the memorable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also honored as a sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. You're a good combination, why, why did not he help her with that awful, terrible accent?
