After 21 films and three years in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role she claimed and made her a force to be reckoned with. As Mildred Rogers, Davis broke out with a totally disreputable role as a nasty waitress who became the target of Leslie Howard's affection, and was already eager to sink her teeth into such a role, she had no qualms about the horrible things which her character meant throughout the movie and the terrible transformation she was going through. It has also been said many times that her performance here, one of the few things that makes this uneven movie worth seeing, has made the history of cinema even after two remakes and the scenes in which she breaks up in Howard. > <br /> At about 85 minutes, the story moves at a nice pace and tells the story of Philip Carey (Howard), while his life repeatedly thwarts that of the devastating Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> The chemistry of Howard and Davis is virtually non-existent - Davis was later continued in an interview. She was not personally interested in Howard's zeal towards her, and that helped her to be even worse (Mildred) towards him. Nevertheless, the two seem awkward with each other; Their scenes together remain stiff and are only saved by the cruel acidity that gives Davis her lines and her own nervous presence. On the other hand, Cromwell's direction has a certain stiltness about himself that sometimes fails to materialize - he tries (if Davis is not there) to give some space with resolutions and montages that indicate the passage of time (a calendar placed over a change Frances Dee). Everything a lot in style at that time. This was before technical issues and complicated camera angles emerged, and essentially the visual story is a simplified, straightforward translation of the Somerset Maugham novel - which says a lot because 600 pages of "Human Bondage" would be said indeed difficult to film even then. <br /> <br /> Storywise believes Philip Carey can be something of a horror punishment, as there is no apparent sexual attraction between him and Mildred, and it reinforces that. Mildred never hides her displeasure from the beginning. Howard's performance never seems to have much external emotion - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression is never too far from being lost (he could almost be a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - dejected, hurt, and completely passive ), but this may be part of his character and why he does not see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) are prone to unrequited affections. Interestingly, Johnson's Norah, once she realizes that Carey will never fall in love with her, is the one who summarizes the observation that humans are bound to other people - she is attached to Carey, as Carey is attached to Mildred and Mildred herself is on Miller (or men who fulfill the role of the provider) tied. In her short but memorable scene she has the essence of the moral of the story.
