Returning to the 36th Chamber is one of the classic kung fu films produced by Shaw in the 70s and 80s, whose genre corresponds to the spaghetti western of Hollywood, and the protagonist Gordon Liu, the equivalent of Clint Eastwood in the west. Digitally remastered and a new print for the Fantastic Film Fest. This is "Present in Shaw Scope", just like the good old days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple story of Good Against Evil, narrated in 3 acts that more or less summarize the narrative of martial arts films during this period. Act One sets the premise. Workers in a dyeing factory in a small village are dissatisfied with their lot as their wages are cut by 20% by incoming Manchu gangsters. They can not do much about their exploitation because none of them can handle martial arts that can defeat the gangsters and their bosses. Initially, they had little success in portraying Liu as a highly skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but her excitement was oblivious as she raised the line of credibility by too often impressing Protagonist who wants to go back to the mob. However, without real martial arts, he embarks on a journey to the Shaolin Temple to try to fight in secret and learn martial arts. After some slapstick moments, he is eventually accepted by the abbot (whom he embodies!), But is disappointed with the teaching methods - kind of like Mr. Miyagi's style in Karate Kid, but instead of painting fences, he can set up scaffolding anywhere in the temple , Nothing can stop a good man, and he unknowingly builds strength, stamina, and kung fu in an unorthodox way. Act Three is where the fight begins. With cheesy sound effects, every obvious non-contact film gets the maximum impact treatment. However, it is quite refreshing to look at the combat scenes here, with their wide-angle settings to emphasize clarity and detail between the sparring partners, and the use of slow motion to show stunts at different angles. The speed of the fighting may be a bit too slow, with a break between the moves, but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style used in Hollywood ad-nausem films, they do not do battle scenes like they used to! When you return to the 36th Chamber, you will receive a repeat on Monday. So, if you're taking a nostalgic journey into the past, what are you waiting for?
