I thought this would be a continuation of the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but actually it's more of a carefree "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu still plays the role of a potential hero in search of Kung Fu to defeat these annoying Manchus ... but this time it's easier and more comedic. The film revolves around the local dye-house, where salaries are cut because ten new Manchurian bosses have been hired. Liu plays "Chao," who can make the mill bosses think of themselves as a Shaolin monk with almost magical kung fu skills. But his luck goes out, he is exposed as a fraud and he promises the mill workers that he will go to Shaolin Monastery to learn kung fu, to protect them in the monastery, where Chao makes several attempts to be accepted become. This creates a lot of really funny moments and lots of great fight choreographies. In the tradition of the "36th Chamber" we continue to see all sorts of neat and interesting (and highly hokey) training methods in the monastery as well as the creative use of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and noteworthy is the mix of kung fu and the craft of bamboo scaffolding. Chao is not accepted as a student in Shaolin, but he has to build bamboo scaffolding for the monastery's "10-year restoration". On the DVD that I bought, there is a special building for building bamboo scaffolding and the inspiration that inspired director Lau Kar-Leung. This is a craft that is many hundreds (maybe thousands of) years old, and in Hong Kong, even in tall skyscrapers, the scaffolding is still made of bamboo, although the west uses only steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his scaffolding work, Chao develops a special kind of kung fu ... When asked what kind it is, he comically answers "Scaffold Kung Fu !!" He tests this first when dusting with the abbot of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the Manchus, there is a dazzling array of creative applications for bamboo sticks and ties. <br /> <br /> From a comedy point of view, I think this is one of the best in the Kung Fu genre. As a kung fu movie in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to anyone!
