Well, here's another great example of the awkward 70's filmmaking! The rudimentary premise "What's up with Helen?" is pretty shocking and disturbing, but so stylish and refined presented! In the hands of another film crew this would surely have been a nasty and gruesome exploitation story, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush? Sweet Charlotte")) it became to a beautiful and almost enchanting mix of themes and genres. The basic plot of the film is definitely terrible, but there is much more to experience, such as love stories, a swinging atmosphere of the 30s and a lot of singing and tap dancing! The setting is undoubtedly what makes this movie so unique. We are literally catapulted into the 1930s, with a sublime display of music, religion, theater business and wardrobes of that era. After the lengthy and exhausting process of sentencing their sons to life imprisonment for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California trying to start a new dance school for talented girls. Especially Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink into a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She only hears the wanderings of a radio evangelist, fears that she will be punished for her son's crimes, and is slowly developing violent tendencies. The script, though not completely error free, is well written and the movie is sufficiently timed. It's never boring in "What's up with Helen?", Though the vocal, quilting, and tango sequences are quite extensive and unrelated to the actual plot. However, the atmosphere is constantly threatening, and the movie definitely benefits from the terrific acting performance of Shelley Winters. She's downright scary, because the unpredictable and introverted lady who just wants to snap for a second, and especially in the last ten minutes, she seems more pervasive than the combination of Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers. There are some great supportive characters who are unfortunately a bit underdeveloped and deprived of their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as a cocky ellocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a creepy priestess, and Timothy Carey as a pushy visitor to the ladies' house. There are some surprisingly cruel scenes and moments of real shock that the Grand Guignol fanatics can enjoy among us, but especially the sets and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are stunning.
