I saw this on local television a couple of years ago, and after not being enthusiastic, I put out the tape; However, when released by MGM as part of a Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters' Midnite Movie double-screen DVD at a very affordable price, I could not resist taking a second look at it (this is since-of-print ). Actually, I got the DVD a few months ago, but only now, after Harrington died, did I get to it; Thankfully, this time I was more open-minded about the movie and now consider it one of the more satisfying. WHAT HAS BABY JANE HAPPENED? (1962) Imitations (by the way, the screenwriter Henry Farrell was shared). <br /> <br /> The film offers a wonderful allusion to Depression America of the 1930s - with its childrens star excitement and sensational murders (exploited during the fake) newsreel opening); It's stylish (a tribute to Lucien Ballard's camera and Eugene Lourie's stage design) and has an effective David Raksin touch. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir deliver outstanding performances. The latter is especially impressive as the survivor and vaguely weird diction trainer (though in the end he's just a red herring!). In addition, Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead are introduced (she is actually just a cameo, since the evangelist she plays is mostly heard over the radio). Many seemed to regret the children's recording of musical numbers (including an amusing Mae West imitation), but personally I did not bother; The film easily surpasses its greeting by its pace and (perhaps unnecessarily) intricate conspiracy. Reynolds - herself a musical star - is ideally trained as the owner of a dance school and despite her competition on the set, she and Winters work well together. The latter actually gives a more balanced account of paranoia and insanity than in WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); The narrative comes with a series of ironic twists leading to the anticipated Grand Guignol spin-off. Apparently, the film was tempered by producer Martin Ransohoff - contrary to Harrington's wishes - (it originally contained more gore and even an indication of lesbianism!) To get a PG rating ...
