The most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres are the so-called "The Great Ladies of Grand Guignol": Camp horror movies that combined towering melodrama with gothic thrills and were always played by an experienced and almost forgotten actress from Hollywood's Golden Age in unflattering roles either the suffering victim or the evil harpy. This genre offered them an unusual drama showcase to bring their stuff back to the screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What about Helen?" Is The Last Drop Of This Genre Featuring stunning performances by Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who fled into sunny California in the 1930s before their past to open a talent school to obliterate the eager mothers who want her daughters are the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets lucky, clients, tango, tap-dancing and a new love interest (Dennis Weaver, while Shelley wacko with terrible flashbacks, threatening anonymous phone calls, threatening strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbit (!) And an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!). <br /> <br /> The sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started this genre with "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" along with Master Director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of storylines, red herrings, and wasted opportunities that could have made this film great: the underlying themes of twisted motherhood (with Debbie and Shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and the overpowering mothers of child stars) and obsessive female bonding (Debbie and Shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters This movie is either scary or gloomy, even if the Dennis Weaver dream boat is in Texan.) Debbie Reynold's musicals are wasted interspersing and dancing, though the fun of watching takes too much time, which is supposedly a psychological cooler. Nevertheless, this movie is very entertaining. The two stars and Curtis Harrington's stylish direction easily overcomes his shortcomings. The 1930s movie restoration is colorful and elegant (look at Debbie's clothes!) On a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really scary with a shocking finale that will keep you going for days. And you would not easily forget the stupid "Goody, Goody" song that goes through the movie. And seeing an increasingly crazy Shelley Winters take every chance Debbie Reynolds has on luck is a shout to see! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
