Despite the love of Rita Hayworth, who found the last few sequences of the film fascinating and appreciated some of the more subtle "symbolic" aspects of cinematography, The Lady from Shanghai did not really work for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the forest. And in a movie where people usually talk to each other in different situations, that's a problem. The lady from Shanghai ended up with a very low "C" or a 7 for me. <br /> <br /> The Lady from Shanghai is all about Orson Welles' character Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a carriage ride and hits her. Later he saves her from a robbery and she makes him shine. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland and the globetrotter Elsa owns a yacht with her husband Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and powerful defender from California. They persuade O'Hara to work for them despite initial reservations - it seems to him and to the audience that Elsa is just looking for someone she wants to have an affair with, and O'Hara does not want to get involved. <br /> <br /> Shortly after working on their yacht, a strange man appears, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who says he is Arthur's partner, in a port of call and starts to cause trouble. Finally, Grisby asks O'Hara to enter a very dubious and dangerous system. Unfortunately, O'Hara agrees. Of course he gets into a lot of trouble, and finally some secrets are revealed. <br /> <br /> Maybe my movie problems are in the fact that I'm not really a problem so far. He's a big fan of Orson Welles, producing, writing, directing and spending most of his time here screen. I have not nearly seen the majority of Welles's works yet, but I liked his later movies better as he became a bit more Campy and Performance Arty. For example, I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974), and I even like his performance at Casino Royale (1967) when he bizarrely insisted on doing magic tricks at a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane (1941). Never did much for me though I've had 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about a year ago, my rating was a low 7 - just like my current review of The Lady from Shanghai). <br /> <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he has written for himself are affecting me and assuming me. He's a bit of a car, a bit clumsy and a bit monotonous - he sounds like he's reading. His performance reminded me of what I saw of Welles's version of Moby Dick (listed on IMDb in 1999 but "completed" in 1971, and is also featured in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)). where he just seems to read in front of the camera and believes that he is sublimely dramatic by nature. I'm also someone who almost never complains about accents, but somehow Welles succeeds in sounding and overbearing his Irish accent too. <br /> <br /> As for the other performances, I can only say, I thought Hayworth did an excellent job. Of course she is beautiful, which does not hurt. There is a lot of eye candy here. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed a bit concerned and overbearing - I never quite bought his character, his handicap, etc., and Anders is just bizarre, where bizarre does not seem to fit. Welles often shoots him in close-up and Anders almost always has an exaggerated, manic expression on his sweaty face. Structurally, The Lady from Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes are extremely bland and soapy, though the soap operas tend to be addressed by a twisted diagonal pull. As soon as Grisby introduces his scheme, things get a little bigger and usually better as we approach the end. But when The Lady from Shanghai turns into a crime / crime film, it's not too late, and it quickly becomes a court drama, before the sudden, exciting ending ends that comes almost out of nowhere and passes by far too fast for his loved ones is excellence. <br /> <br /> The end is more action-oriented, less dialog-heavy, more varied and exotic in settings, and sometimes quite abstract. Welles cleverly processes this material combination as a director. If The Lady from Shanghai had been a combination of crime / mystery stuff and the artistic end, it could easily have been a 9. The final scenes are a little over 10s, with Welles moving from a Hitchcockian suspense scene to a San Francisco Chinese Opera House moving to another suspension scene in a Chinese amusement park. The Funhouse highlight uses the experimental cinematography of his time. It is well integrated into the script, as it allows a complex resolution and promotes a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is always interesting, though normally it can not balance the issues in the foreground. Welles blocks scenes with skill. There are many attractive filmed settings, from Central Park to Acapulco to various locations in San Francisco. Welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for his action, from the accented heights and steep drops of Acapulco, to the labyrinthine streets of the Caribbean, to the beautifully framed and outlined images of the San Francisco Aquarium and so on. Interestingly, the romantic material, which the aquarium serves as a backdrop, is tempered with a kind of discomfort throughout the movie, which, on the other hand, causes romance never to function as romance. <br /> <br /> Certainly well-known Welles fans will appreciate The Lady from Shanghai much more than me, and of course it's worth loving Rita Hayworth. The lady from Shanghai is not exactly a horrible movie in my opinion, but she is dangerously close to not "passing". Continue with caution.
