Neatly between THE STRANGER, a small film noir image that has proven that Welles can do an impressive amount of genre work in budget and time, he ironically proves his biggest box office hit in the 1940s and MACBETH, one in the Western Western shot Shakespeare adaptation shets in 23 days, comes THE LADY FROM SHANGAI, a dark film noir woven from the same fabric of the Wellesian myth that covers the MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and every other movie the director could not save from the clutches of studio bosses. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the offspring of Film Noir in full swing, Welles A visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, always ahead of his time, envisioned a labyrinthine world of shadows which is already darker, gloomier, more paranoid and more serpentine than anything his contemporaries did at the time. No wonder the film was so misunderstood at the time that a full hour was left in the cutting room forever, and once again it was Europe that championed another Welles classic. <br /> <br /> Certain set pieces stand out. The aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows and of course the finale of the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, which is a classic piece of Wellesian bravura, as is the case in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only flaw I find with the film is Welles' ill-advised Irish accent and perhaps part of the unpredictable cut in the first act. However, the story unfolds in a progressively hypnotizing manner, with the cuts serving only to become intensify. I believe that the heavily hacked versions of Shangai and Ambersons reach a surreal quality. <br /> <br /> Welles would be banished to Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver another classic stonemason, the monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, perhaps the crowning jewel of film noir, at that time was in decreasing age. Shangai was not the box office hit, a starter for Hollywood's first star of the time, Rita Hayworth, should have been, and Welles's marriage to Hayworth ended before the movie was even released. Sixty years later, and one hour less footage, Shangai is still one of the best movie noir images you'll likely discover. Certainly that has to count for something.
