It's not as big a movie as many people believe (including my deceased aunt who said it was her favorite movie). But due to the better parts of this film, especially the rightly famous "Fun House" finale, THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI has achieved an important position that goes beyond the actual value, as Orson Welles has managed not to conquer Hollywood. <br /> <br /> In 1946, Welles's position was mixed as a Hollywood character. CITIZEN KANE was not recognized as the great movie he has since seen as a result of attacks by the Hearst press and Hollywood insiders. Welles's attempt to fully control his films (directing, producing, and acting) seemed to jeopardize the entire system. His best job at the time was Edward Rochester in JANE EYRE, who was allegedly shot by Robert Stevenson but was actually shot in large numbers (with Stevenson's blessing) by Welles. The loan, however, went to Stevenson. Only THE STRANGER, a film that benefited from a post-war interest in fleeing Nazi war criminals, made a profit. For five years in Hollywood it was hardly a great record. Returning to Broadway in 1946, Welles hoped to regain his critical abilities through his production of AROUND THE WORLD in 80 DAYS. Despite the support of Mike Todd and Cole Porter composing the score, the musical was a failure. His failure occurred just at the same time as his wife Rita Hayworth was on the rise with her portrayal of GILDA. The marriage went so well on the rocks. <br /> <br /> Welles had to make money - his Broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy. He sold his interest in the possible film rights to AROUND THE WORLD to Todd (which he would later complain about), and he also sold the idea of ​​a film about the career of Henri Desire Landru to Charlie Chaplin, who was to direct it (and who did made from it MONSIEUR VERDOUX). <br /> <br /> The story goes that Welles, with a $ 10,000 tax burden to worry about, named Cohn and offered to make a movie with Rita for a down payment. Cohn was ready, but of course asked what the movie was. It was a smart question. Welles was in a pharmacy in New York with a book department on a pay phone. He grabbed a book called THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI and raved about it as a great thriller. Welles somehow convinced the normally ingenious Cohn that Welles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he would take care of the rights and sent Welles his $ 10,000 deposit. After Cohn hung up, Welles bought the book and read it - and found it really bad. He spent a lot of time writing a treatment and script that would build Rita's character from Elsa Bannister. <br /> <br /> It sure has a strange plot. Michael O'Hara is a sailor / longshoreman. He rescues Elsa Bannister as she is attacked by gangsters in a San Francisco park. Elsa is married to Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), a crippled defense lawyer with an excellent reputation. She persuades him to hire Michael as skipper of her yacht. The cruise also includes Bannister's sinister partner George Grisby (Glenn Anders) and Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia), who turns out to be a detective who was hired by Bannister to watch Elsa. If they can, Michael and Elsa can try to find time together, but Broome or Grisby keeps coming up. <br /> <br /> Grisby makes an offer to Michael - he wants to fall out (for reasons related to his so-called fatalistic view of modern society)) and pretend to be dead. According to Grisby (here the conspiracy is bleak ) Can he still get his life insurance (though dead?) and thus run into the South Seas. He will pay Michael $ 10,000.00 if he pretends to shoot at Grisby. This includes signing a document that allows for murder (Michael is unaware that a corpse would have to be produced by such approval if all other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead). <br /> <br /> Of course, Grisby is killed and Michael is arrested for the murder of Broome (shot with Michael's gun). Michael is brought to justice when Bannister defends him, and discovers that the latter is doing a second-rate job because he wants Michael to be convicted. Michael is convinced that Bannister is the real killer, and he can flee shortly before the verdict of the jury. He is knocked out and deposited in an abandoned carnival, and this leads to the famous "Fun House" sequence and the conclusion of the film. <br /> <br /> It's a terribly confusing movie (as I commented on it). That does not mean that it is not worth seeing - it is visually striking. Experience the fight between Michael and the police in the courtroom, where he beats the bailiff into the judge's bookshelf and smashes glass. Or the clever use of photography to catch Hayworth as he dives off a rock is reflected in the lustrous binoculars of Grisby. <br /> <br /> The spectacle is pretty good, in particular Sloane (possibly the best movie role of this good actor). Glenn Anders was a leading Broadway performer. He rarely made films before THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI and his slimy Grisby is unforgettable. Ted De Corsia is also doing very well with Broome - a detective who really looks for his own interests, at his own expense had done before (BLOOD AND SAND, TALES OF MANHATTAN and THE STRAWBERRY BLOND are exceptions) and is a memorable siren , O'Hara of Welles is a very unusual character for the actor - a sympathetic but naive man who learns the hard way of not believing what he secretly wants to believe. It's not KANE, AMBERSOM, OTHELLO, TOUCH OF EVIL or CHIMES at MIDNIGHT, but it's a good movie for all of that.
