This could have been the definitive film noir of all time had the Columbia Studios not cut so much of Orson Welles original. What's left is a flawed, but brilliant movie that shows Welles's overwhelming talent as an actor and Rita Hayworth as a serious dramatic talent. <br /> <br /> "The Lady From Shanghai" is film noir most sizzling and confusing. Welles, with an uneven accent, portrays Michael O'Hara, an Irish journeyman who, after a fateful encounter with the seductive, dangerous Elsa Bannister (Hayworth in a BIG show), is virtually forced to accept a job as a crewmate for her and hers Crippled Man (Everett Sloane). Elsa or "Rosalie," as Michael likes to call her, plays the innocent, helpless doll very well and ties O'Hara in her web. As the lovers do a less secret affair at sea, Arthur Bannister's partner boarded his law firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders). He's a strange, unreliable character who makes a unique suggestion to Michael: he'll get $ 5,000 to help Grisby fake Grisby's death, making it look like a murder. It is planned that Michael breaks off a technique and runs into the sun with Elsa. But things are not going according to plan. Hayworth gives us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous representation. Sometimes she is genuinely vulnerable and childlike, in others brutal, world weary and hard. She is always beautiful, whether she's dripping wet or dressed in black and wielding a gun in a bathing suit. Hayworth is beautifully photographed here, and she is a long way from her famous "Gilda" role. Her then-husband Orson Welles cut off her characteristic reddish-brown curls for a dyed blonde harvest (annoying Colombia's boss Harry Cohn). It was a great marketing ploy, and its change fits in wonderfully with her changed attitude. She is not the sympathetic femme fatale who is 'gilda', but a predatory, black-hearted lady who sees murder as a very useful option. The Welles and Hayworth pairing came at a time when the couple had extreme marital problems. They would divorce after the movie was made, so this is also a curiosity to give an insight into the complicated relationship. They are hateful, not romantic, lovers, so it's hard to tell if they had real chemistry on the screen or not. Surely every encounter is strong and filled with raw sexuality, with Welles as the "Fall Guy" (he even admits it in the movie!) And Rita as the Double Crossing Babe. <br /> <br /> Welles character is the typical noir drifter with little sense. Since Welles Voice-Over proves to be useful, O'Hara does not use his brain very much, "expect to think of her (Elsa)." Welles used to play intelligent, charismatic guys, so his streaking as a dumb Michael is a bit unusual and very interesting. Welles was indeed an actor of fine talent and he manages well. Everett Sloane is appropriately slimy as Haywels crippled husband. One wonders why he hires Michael. It is obvious that his wife is romantically interested in him. Why does he then invite a "threat" on board? One interpretation could be that Michael offers his wife the "service" that Bannister can not have in his crippled state. There's definitely something to this theory, with many implications for Elsa's behavior, before she met her husband (was she a prostitute?) And Grisby's knowledge of Bannister's most intimate secrets hinted at in several scenes. <br /> <br /> This is a jumbled film whose plot is ultimately flawed. We are more interested in the love triangle than in the murder plan, as with most noirs. Welles offers us many of his accustomed brilliant cinematic accents, including the well-known Mirror Hall. It's a grandiose scene, an ending that can almost erase and size out the mistakes earlier in the movie. This funny house scene is visually stunning, with a Dali-like feel for the painted sets (apparently Orson painted them herself). The subtle visual images that Welles has used throughout the film enhance the plot and make it a food for thought. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is scorching and confusing. He is excellently delivered by Rita's alternately breathless, low voice and helpless, high notes little girl voice Hayworth proves her acting skills in this game and proves that SHE is the ultimate femme fatale of 'Noir'. It's a shame (just a light one because Rita was a brilliant dancer) that she made so many adorable, but frothy and often forgetful musicals for Columbia in the '40s, instead of a dark theme. She was a brilliant actress when she got the chance to showcase her talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
