It's very hard to say what was going on with "The Lady from Shanghai" and what the movie could have been without the studio's intervention. Orson Welles's primary interest in film at the time was to raise money for his theater; In fact, he has led the funding of his own projects to seek acting jobs. He made "Lady from Shanghai" for his soon-to-be ex-wife Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was worried about Rita's image and held back the release of the movie for a year. <br /> <br /> The plot concerns an Irish sailor, Michael O'Hara, who falls in love with Else (Hayworth, stunning) short blonde hair). Her husband is a well-known defense lawyer Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) who is as crippled inside as outside. He hires O'Hara to work on his yacht, and there O'Hara gets pulled deeper into a web of murder and fraud. However, "The Lady from Shanghai" is moving at a snail's pace. I agree with one of the posters that criticize films today for taking the time to make an action. Nevertheless, this film is moving. The scene in the Fun House is fantastic - but Welles wanted it without music, and I think the studio cut it off. It's a shame. The photography is always breathtaking, atmospheric, bold and very stylish. <br /> <br /> Welles was a great actor, handsome in his youth, charismatic and with a great voice and technique, but in many movies it's almost like he does not trust himself or does not take the time to develop a character. Instead, he relies on externals like accents and false noses. Once, if he did not, "Tomorrow is Forever," where the director brings out an excellent, heartfelt performance. Unlike "Compulsion," he shows that he is a master of pure technical action when he makes phone calls in his performance. Here Welles does fourfold service - as a director, star, co-author and narrator. Having a completely unnecessary accent and looking intense was a quick way to characterize it. Nevertheless, he is always captivating. <br /> <br /> The supportive players are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, beautiful and gentle (she was once again named by Anita Ellis), is, as always, a complete goddess and one of the big screen presences. What a sad life for such a living beauty. <br /> <br /> Every film directed by Orson Welles is worth a visit, and "The Lady from Shanghai" is no exception. But here, the viewer is just as frustrated as "The Magnificent Ambersons" - as well as any work that Welles has done within the studio system. He was a great artist who should have been given a freer rule; He was not He was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as some of his later work show, he needed the structure of the studio. Unfortunately he could not have both.
