The Lady From Shanghai is funny even for the standards of her famous director Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie this was for some of the moon. It is a kind of postmodern film noir from the days when conventional films of this kind were quite popular, and it is a happy Irish Irish sailor (played by Welles), with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was at that time married to Welles, and her crippled and likely impotent husband played with a skilful, malevolent elan from Everett Sloan, followed by a long sea voyage with Welles in tow, and the attack thickens as Sloan's lawyer (Glenn Anders) shows up and causes trouble, by making strange speeches about suicide and other pathological issues suggesting that the man is on the verge of mental collapse.A murder action ensues, and Welles and his employers follow all sorts of catastrophes, and at this point goes the story that has been going on in the past blurred and narrated at a slow tempo, from the low end, and the final part of the film is brilliant R directories, seemingly thrown in to give the film a sense of the urgency and urgency of its story, have nothing of their own, and the result is a highly observable and often incomprehensible mess. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was aiming for with this film, apart from reviving his career in Hollywood by building a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction comes in, as is often the case with Welles, and Miss Hayworth never looked less attractive. That she is also cast as Femme Fatale seems odd. Apart from her beauty, her eye-catching personality as a screen personality was loveliness, a quality she does not possess in this image. The director himself is strangely unattractive and haunting O'Hara, the (presumably) lazy sailor, since, despite all his many gifts, Welles was not known as a simple man to work with. This is a role that Sean Connery or Robert Shaw may have been able to breathe life after twenty or thirty years. Welles not. The most interesting performance in the film is Glenn Anders' as Grisby, Sloan's mendacious, insidious partner. Anders works wonders with the part and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end in strange, sour tones and are often edited hackily; Nevertheless, he succeeds in making Grisby's derailment palpable and disturbing, and cautiously anticipates the more extravagant Methodists of the fifties, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There's a question that annoys me about this movie: what did Welles want to say? He was a highly talented and intelligent man and tended to make statements in his films that were brilliantly recited, whether or not they agreed with his belief. I think I have an answer or a partial one: Welles summarized his film career. He had reached the end of his rope in the despised Hollywood studio system, and he knew it. The Lady From Shanghai is not exactly a gimmick on the studio moguls of the day, but I suspect that in his portrait of amoral, rival Big Shot lawyers (read: Producers), Welles' opinion on power brokers expresses Hollywood. That he introduced himself as a rootless sailor, he says. Welles himself was certainly a relentless traveler and seldom lived long in one place. He was hired by a studio to equip him with a big, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which led to a firestorm of controversy he had never fully recovered from. This could be the problem that dares not pronounce his name in this film, that is, Welles' personal failure not to overcome the shock of his novelty in the film colony and, as promised, his inability to deliver the goods. The very fact that he had turned up in Hollywood, like his mere presence in the movie, could not prevent catastrophes he could not control. The fact that he presented himself in the film as a gentle, naive outsider, shows a lack of self-knowledge of Welles page. He was much more of an insider than he let on, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the worldly aspects of life and himself for knowing so much.
