In New York City, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from rendition and rape as she drives through Central Park in a horse and carriage - and life regrets it. Titian Hayworth is a platinum blonde in this one; as blinding as fresh fallen snow - but not so pure ... <br /> <br /> Another conspiracy of the intricate conspiracy in this groundbreaking "Noir" would be criminal. It's as deceptive as the mirrors that were used in the last scenes for a catastrophic effect - but the film has much darker secrets: From the NY Times: "Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story of the Murder of the Black Dahlia" by Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios" She was five years old when she was friends with 15-year-old Bette Short, took short steps back, interviewed friends and colleagues, and offered a detailed, albeit speculative, analysis of Orson Welles, especially in regards to his Movie "The Lady From Shanghai". According to Ms. Pacios, the film, in addition to related archival materials, has many of the ritual elements associated with Short's murder. She raises the question: Could Welles have been the killer? "Interesting theories - and with the series of books that are now being published on" The Black Dahlia ", much more can come to light: Fritz Lang's brutal" Film Noir "," The Big Heat "(1953), was a novel A-clef, who told of the "Dahlia" murder in "The City of Nets", that was LA - but it's the Orson opus that the "Dahlia" had a "practical" connection to. In fact, Bugsy did Siegel (and the Hollywood mob wars of the 1940s) made the "Dahlia" in ... but that did not negate much of what Pacios wrote. Almost all of Hollywood intersected with Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia" ) Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in a series of Golden Age movies. <br /> <br /> The "Black Dahlia" has always been operating the marginal edges of "Shanghai" - even before having it Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "It was when he was thinking about" The Lady From Shanghai "before he lost the option to Orson Welles r. Franchot said he was in poor shape for this deal when he came across Dahlia at the Formosa Cafe * opposite the Goldwyn Studios ... "* On the floor above the Formosa Cafe was the office of Bugsy Siegel and" The Dahlia "was one of his recurring" girls. "<br /> <br /> It's getting darker and darker- After the 1951 brawl over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion "Never talk in the same way again," Barbara said, she married Tone just to annoy Neal. "Tom (" Detour ") Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(who did not?) and became obsessed. From "LA Despair" by John Gilmore: "The death of young, beautiful would-be actress Elizabeth Short in January 1947, known as" The Black Dahlia ", was one of the most gruesome murders in the annals of modern crime, a project called" Who Killed The Black Dahlia? "Was started by World War II actor Tom Neal Films Potential Producer Gene Harris:" Someone will have to come up with a more inventive business proposition when presented by Tom Neal and his cohorts ... "Not "It would be very clear that a nice day would come when Tom would sneak up on his pretty new Palm Springs wife while she was lying on her couch, shooting a .45 bullet through her head. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew the" Dahlia "and their stories It is well known that those who have crossed the path of" Dahlia "(like the proverbial black cat) into a" Twilight Zone " have penetrated "darkness and / or had an incredible bad luck. Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few - and this includes a slaughtered movie titled "The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years to publish, thanks to extensive re to be-coming-and all, because the president of Columbia, Harry Cohn, could not understand the story. It's a dark "noir" to be sure - indeed one of the darkest. It is also a wicked satire about life in the new nuclear age. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" urges a persistent subtext of the atomic apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement the atomic bomb and the American city. The main murder victim of the film (and there are many), a psychotic and double lawyer, sees Armageddon at every turn, claiming he can "feel it." He announces his intention to flee to a remote Pacific island - a particularly sour joke on the part of Welles, as the US has just started testing atomic bombs in one such location, Bikini Atoll, this year, to displace all inhabitants and destroy the ecosystem , At the time of Bikini, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb seems to have been institutionalized with the blessing of military brass. The first bomb fell on the Pacific Test Site called "Gilda" and had Hayworth paint directly onto the case in provocative attire ... "<br /> <br /> His irony is that Orson Welles' wide-ranging interpretation of The Irishman is of Welles gives viewers a hint that "Michael O'Hara" is just the storyteller - not part of the story, even though it's all about him. "O'Hara" contradicts the shark motif during the movie Sharks on a craze do not stop until there's nothing left. "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the story. "Elsa Bannister" causes a craze during the "O'Hara" trial, that she is locked up so as not to seduce the human spectators into a Roman coleseum, and the spectators are in the process of feeding, chatting and talking about "Elsa" - a human aquarium with the sequence of the San Francisco Mar ine museum correlates. This is the human situation ... except "Michael O'Hara" and he will still b I spend his life forgetting his past ("Elsa") - or dying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and in the end the story eats its own tail, and the viewer is asked to stay out of trouble.
