When I saw one of Orson Welles' latest contributions as a filmmaker in Hollywood, I knew I was developing a great movie, though sometimes I did not know why. The story in The Lady from Shanghai has the main elements of a film noir: average Joe lead role, femme fatale, eye-catching minor characters, and an understandable, if somewhat intricate, plot structure. It's a fun ride, and it's brimful with Welles's unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that just do not work or feel complete in their full vision (the latter is unfortunately not the case). The executive producer Harry Cohn and the Columbia executives are also responsible. Welles plays with his then-wife, the deeply gorgeous Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker, who can and gets angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend, Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to sail on their yacht and take O'Hara along on the trip, and he is hesitant at first, but agrees because he falls in love with the married woman. As her journey unfolds, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby are not comfortable around and with Grisby, who seems at first glance out of his pumpkin. But as the story unfolds, O'Hara is drawn into a scam that Grisby plans for insurance money, with results I do not dare to betray (though they've been discussed by others over and over again). <br /> <br /> Whatever the liability here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and the few noticeable moments in which recordings were dictated by the studio), the performances and look of the film are striking after fifty-five years , Although he does not have the great Greg Tolland (Kanes DP) at his side, the reliable Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and expressive, shrouded in shadows, deep sharpness, deep angles, the Work. A special achievement is the Funhouse mirror scene, which is, among other things, just a highlight. Welles himself is always reliable as an actor - even though his accent is nothing special - and Hayworth himself makes a scene a bit lusher, despite its path in history. <br /> <br /> The lady from Shanghai is well worth a visit, especially for Welles, Hayworth or Film Noir fans (fans of the Coen brothers may also find this fascinating). It may only take a while for the underlying motives in the plot to go down (as in Touch of Evil).
