These are excerpts from a nine-page "Memo to Mr. Cohn by Mr. Welles" written after Orson saw the studio mogul Harry Cohn's edited version of the image (it took him an hour): <br /> <br / > "... The preview theme music was written by a top-notch composer, George Antheil, and although this was not written for our picture, this temporary theme music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic, which The only musical idea that seems to have come to mind for the present composer (Heinz Roemheld) is that she's pretty tired of using a folk song - the "theme" - in as many arrangements as possible. "Please kiss me not "for almost any bridge and also for a lot of background material.The melody is pleasing, on the hit parade it can do very well - Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy.Roman Roemheld i He's a passionate follower of an old-fashioned way of rating that's now referred to as "Disney" in our business. In other words, if somebody falls down, it gives a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc. etc. etc ... If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers on the negative, I could not be unhappy about the results ... Just before I enter When I went abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut that would drop the close accident by taxi and also some dialogue. I'm convinced that this would have been an excellent cut ... saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, which is the main weaknesses of the opening role of the movie) ... There is nothing indeed Rita's dive to justify a great orchestral crescendo ... What's important is Rita's beauty. All of these items could have inspired the music. Instead, the dive is treated as if it were a major climax or an ancient moment in a Silly Symphony: a Pratfall of Pluto the Pup or a wild leap into space by Donald Duck ... There is no sound atmosphere on the boat. A bit of wind and water is painfully missed. It does not make sense to photograph a scene on a real boat if you look as if everything had happened in front of a process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score we have a very curious scene used, sexy latin american strain ... This was replaced by an insane "dramatic" sequel - bad stuff ... This kind of music destroys the quality of strangeness, which is exactly what Lady from Shanghai might have saved from the law Another Whodunit ... There's a big musical breakout from Grigsbys line: "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music that comes out of the radio should be so picky that it represents a certain satirical point. As it stands now, it is about the same level as the rest of the rating. No one in the audience could have guessed that we're joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please do not kiss me" is back! ... Bad synchronization and poor score have destroyed the character of Michael's catwalk. From the shot to the phone call, a careful voice pattern had been built with much time and effort. For some reason, all this was thrown away in favor of a vague Hullabaloo. As a result, the whole sequence seems boring ... The audience should have the feeling, along with Michael, that they might go crazy. The new synchronization can only give them the feeling that they may fall asleep ... The fight for the weapon with the mirrors must not be underlaid with music "... This final is obvious until vulgarity and leads to unpredictable injuries in the visual . " <br /> <br /> All of Orson's changes have been ignored
