After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, the Hollywood executives turned to the great Orson Welles. With the exception of KANE, Welles lost all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY IN FEAR, and many other films. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmaker when Hollywood needed a few more. THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the then misunderstood view of Welles' films, a film that seems a bit choppy and fluid. It has a conventional 1940s premise that was narrated in an unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up on the floor of the cutting room. It is now a legend that the Columbia mogul Harry Cohn got up at his first showing and asked what it was all about. In hindsight, many of the old grumbles that ran the studios back then had no idea of ​​the cinematic techniques and narration of stories about Orson Welles and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is almost awesome just for their intrusion. <br /> <br /> Welles was not only the best director of all time, but also as an actor. At 25, we all know what he did as Charles Foster Kane, perhaps the most famous figure in film history. Here he inhabits a rare character of weak wit and little intelligence, something unfamiliar to those familiar with Welles's other great works. Instead of a smooth, wise tongue, he speaks a hard Irish twang. Rita Hayworth (his unfortunate wife at the time) plays an unfortunate wife of a lawyer who casts a spell on Welles and puts him in a job that pushes him to the limits of deception and disappointment. He's a big fan who may even have killed a man, but the real secret lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with stunning blond hair) and the crippled husband Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). An eerie partner of Sloane's on the journey across the country to trigger a series of special events where Welles head "Michael O'Hara" turns. Welles tells the picture as O'Hara, but things are still unclear. Convince yourself and find that it takes at least twice to know exactly what's going on. <br /> <br /> An unusual, weird sequence in the courtroom revolves around "O'Hara" with Sloane defending him. It's a strangely comedic scene with some quirky methods in the courtroom, including Sloane, who tests himself. I did not really laugh here because the film stops at this point after a first serving that never goes off anyway. Up to this point, cinematography is great, some scenes are filmed with skill and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is no clear line that draws the elements and us, the audience. According to reports, the court scene was re-recorded against Welles' requests (10 close-ups of Hayworth were ordered) and a makeshift song sung by the starlet was thrown in on Cohn's perseverance. A gaudy score infuriated Welles, who was again excluded from the editing process. Thanks to Welles for saving the movie completely, with a tour de force ending that's always appreciated. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene always brings back turns, rightly so. <br /> <br /> It needs to be seen to be believed, and it succeeds in completing some of the confusing ideas presented here. The crash of the mirrors represents the disillusionment of "O'Hara" and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and backdrops. It seems to be more of a state than an actual place and is actually "crazy", twisted and twisted like a Dali painting. This is a great end to a flawed image that, if left alone, would probably have made the top 100 of the AFI. Then, three or four more Orson Welles films could all have been collectively "best-of" lists, if left alone create your own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look for the Mercury players that are so prominent on Welle's pictures. They appear everywhere. EVALUATION: 8 out of 10
