Ashura is the story of demons conquering Earth. The premise is much more complicated, but the sweeping story should not be forgotten. Japan is in turmoil, and demons occupy human forms in the countries. In general, demons look and act like humans, but are evil. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classic form of the "ogre," a mythological creature of historical size. We're talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple, ugly, child-eating monsters. <br /> <br /> However, in human form, only the green eyes and green teeth that appear when under some form of stress remain. To save the world from demons, there are demon murderers. Trained and capable warriors who can detect and defeat almost every type of demon, guarding the passage between the realm of hell and the real world. These are the basic requirements. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local town. In the midst of these festivities, three men, all dressed in black, seemed intent on causing harm. The villagers, with the exception of those who are demonic, see the green eyes and try to kill them. The demon hunters kill the majority of the demons in the end. From here the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when, at the Gate of Hell, a divine demon appears in front of the 3 gatekeepers, revealing the arrival of Ashura. This ends man's rule and begins the rule of the demons. Ashura, however, requires a form of the birthing process, the first step of which took place during the opening fight, which will not be revealed to you until you see the movie. The 3 Demon Killers are a wise old man, a powerful but unprivileged man and a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the split between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the mighty one who wants to bend them to his increasing ego-madness-wishes, and the third, who wants to stop the second one. Along the way, he meets a woman he feels like, and believes he has a special relationship. She is again a robber who is good-natured and is sought by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he puts her hand on her shoulder and suddenly she is plagued by a stain on her shoulder. The sign is of course not a good sign. What follows is a battle for the earth, a struggle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself. <br /> <br /> The point for me in this film was something different than mine thought it would. I thought it was either a fast-paced action-style movie with demons or a horror movie with macabre evil and evil creatures known from Ringu and Ju-On. However, I was wrong in the best possible way. The story that seemed to me is an adaptation of a very old Japanese play, and it takes place as such, combining the essentially action-driven adrenaline scenes with a great concept, an amazing narrative, and a style that is thought-provoking forces as only rolling in gore. Many scenes are painted with a luxurious dialogue between two characters that you never see in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a practically theatrical experience that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film uses an immaculate backdrop and camera work that is comparable to many great samurai films of our day, but contributes to a good train of thought and classical plot. With great actors, great music, and breathtaking scenes, it's a must to see in my book. <br /> <br /> Other than that, it takes the disclaimer that it is not for everyone. It's not a cheap horror, no balls on the wall. It's a horror game that was filmed. It has a lot to say and needs time to go to the conventional one-liners. As with Japanese songs, the exchange between characters can take many minutes before they form a fast-paced, wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy something like this, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is Slasher flicks with little action and excessive nudity, you can easily see something different. <br /> <br /> All in all, this film is a unique and amazing movie that fascinates and amuses you. It has good writing, good acting and good direction. All in all, this is an absolutely good movie.
