I have to admit, I'm a bit surprised and disappointed with some of the very negative comments this film seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic spaceflight to Saturn. In space he suffered from a bizarre and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, looks in a mirror and his face melts in front of his eyes! He escapes the supervision of hospitals and hides in some forests that surround a small town. Unfortunately, he develops a fast-growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. He has to feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! He pursues his human prey and begins his reign of terror! It's up to his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone because his boss General Perry (Myron Healey) wants it to stay extremely quiet. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge), however, becomes suspicious when General Perry appears just as some of the indigenous people appear half-consumed. I do not really understand why this movie gets so negative reviews. What do people expect? Anyway, I like this movie very much. The star of the film is undoubtedly Rick Baker's special make-up and gore effects, which are mostly prized, and the fact that she has all the prosthetic effects and no terrible CGI waste makes her even better. Writer and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them either, we get some nice, long shots of the incredibly melting man and they're doing very well now as well. Photography, music and directing are a bit boring but professional enough. The script creates sympathy for the monster, footage of him looking eagerly at Ted Nelson's house, or when he sees his own reflection in the water and reacts violently. The end, which is in a big factory, is pretty downbeat. So do not expect a happy ending. Which surprised me. Besides, the script does not really do anything with the premise, it just melts and kills, with his friend trying to stop him, maybe a bit too easy. Personally, I think the worst thing about the movie is about to start when the fat nurse runs in slow motion through the corridor of a hospital, her screams are also shown in slow motion, she looks absolutely ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I really like this movie and recommend it to horror / sci-fi fans of the 70s and 80s. A favorite of mine.
