First of all, if you are looking for a meaningful "result-oriented" cinema that contains a kind of social message with meaningful performances and a soul-searching dialogue, spoken by dedicated, emotional and warm-hearted thespians, please go now. You waste your time and your life is short, watch the new Brangelina Jolie movie, cry out, buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamond if you feel better about it and let us do not be bothered by the door. THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a Grade B minus horror epic filmed by a young, TV-friendly cast and crew in the Wasteland of Oklahoma. He deals with an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation effects, wakes up in a hospital, and discovers that his body liquefies while feeling like a fool. The Melting Man is played by an Alex Rebar recognizable in the first four minutes of the movie. However, once he's playful with Rick Baker's extraordinary special-effect make-up, it's more like something you could find spam in a jar before you drain all the flowing, thick grease stains. <br /> <br /> The film has zero This is not about plot points: there are a few scenes in which scientists drive around on an absurd industrial carrier, but dutifully recite some compulsory lines about the effects of radiation the movie does not really care about that. It's a crazy show and a wonderful show with a decidedly sick humor for those who can stand it - A big laugh comes when the melting man bumps into a young girl in the woods and so much for what he wants to do. that one of his eyes pops out. Hilarious. <br /> <br /> The film's "hero" is played by Burr DeBenning, a mesmerizing character actor from the 1970s and '80s golden television scene, who was an early model for the Kevin Spacey prototype. slightly twisted, neurotic, and a step ahead of most in space, even when confused. He appeared shortly after the film was filmed in a bizarre anthology-based horror song called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE), considered one of the best films ever made in Oklahoma. There I suspected that this movie was suspected also made. The scrawny, cold-looking rural landscapes of the Midwest are certainly the same, and the brook an unfortunate fly fisher chooses for his sports afternoon seems to be the same one that Cameron Mitchell fought with flying extraterrestrial pancakes in NO WARNING has a sick sense of humor , a TV-friendly cast and a pretty outrageous blood. In any case, I feel an aesthetic connection between the three films and THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, which is not surprising, considering that director Jonathan Demme is part of the cast of MELTING MAN. <br /> <br /> Essentially, as others have pointed out, this is a 1950s B-plot that has been updated for later special effects and the inevitable breasts of the '70s. The film from which he probably borrowed most of his ideas is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut, who also returns to Earth after being exposed to funky radiation effects that caused him to commit a killer spree. What I really admire about this movie is that it takes absolutely no account of the melting man's motivations: he just rages and the drama of the movie comes from the question of whether he will crumble before certain characters fall victim to his madness. The budget for the film is also surprisingly low, and every penny he spends on it can be seen on screen, and Rick Baker's disgusting effects make up the lion's share of what's spent on it. <br /> <br /> Sick, disgusting fun best enjoyed with a lot of friends and a lot of beer. Why did not people make such films anymore? <br /> <br /> 8/10
