I have always liked this comedy as one of the few who have seriously tried to deal with the annual tax burden of the US government. Do you ever read tax legislation? It is quite a difficult process to follow the multiple clauses that our congressmen and senators use to help their lenders and various stakeholders. Despite the claim that this is fair, tax law has always put most of the burden on the middle and working class and not on the rich and influential. Most of the special special clauses are intended for use - go through the average 1040 or 1040A form and look at the variety of different investment and business companies, all of which have different rules. Most people will never be useful for these purposes. <br /> <br /> The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to decouple the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes in 20 years. The Baltimore office of the IRS is under Fred Clarke, and he draws attention to his influence on Ober. He sends Tony Randall to see the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall notes that Douglas, Merkle and her three girls and two boys are pretty decent people who rarely need money (they come from their farm to produce and trade with their neighbors). But Randall, who is trained in the clear (for the IRS) lines of tax law, tries to focus the family on the basics. But little by little Douglas realizes that Reynolds loves Randall, and he distracts Randall again and again, eventually making him drunk. He also makes it difficult for Randall to go by having his car's engine "repaired" by his two sons. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing appeal and friction between the urban, vaguely ambitious Randall and Land, the life that Reynolds loves. They are actually making a sweet couple. After Ober complains, Randall is finally sent back in disgrace, and Clarke (a harder biscuit) gets brass. And comes with a very large tax bill that will possibly ruin Douglas' family. The film does not end there - it ends happily, but it reminds us that power is the driving force to destroy, and that the government too often goes to destruction. A chance in a million inversions saves the family, but it's so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistically, as Clarke's boss (Charles Lane) concentrates on the essentials with "help" upper by suggesting that his taxes be considered more closely next year. After that, Ober is more green.
