Until the 1990s, there was never a movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then came two in the same year, 1996, or, if you count "ignorant" in 1995, making Austen's conspiracy a modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from a wealthy family in Regency England. She is doing far better financially than most Austen heroines like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she does not need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject the marriage proposal of a young farmer, Robert Martin. He thinks Harriet should target the ambitious clergyman, Mr. Elton. This scheme, however, is devastatingly wrong, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his suggestion makes her wonder why she was so anxious to compare her friend to a man she (for good reason) regards as an inappropriate spouse for herself. Since this is an act of Jane Austen, it turns out that Emma is less committed than she seems, and she too falls in love, which leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star today, but in 1996, though only a year younger, he was not nearly as well known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, she is just as convincing as Austen's well-meaning but often false-hearted heroine. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classic roles - she made a lovely hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Much Ado about Nothing" - and sometimes I wish that Hollywood could have found more suitable roles for her than wasting her in turkeys "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I prefer Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong because of Emma Mr. Knightley's love interest, especially because he is more like my own idea of ​​the character as a gentleman, chivalrous older man, in a sense more like a father , came closer. Figure to Emma as a lover. (His last name is probably meant to refer to his gentleman nature - the gentlemen of the 19th century like to consider themselves the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate knight rules). Stark tends to downplay the age difference issue (he's 37, she's 21) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who deals with larger things) may be closer to the Harriet of the novel than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> This was the rather small format of the two versions, which was made for television rather than cinema, and the sets and costumes are less elaborate and there are fewer big names among the performers. The costume drama, however, is generally good for British television, and this version can well compete with the theatrical version. both are entertaining and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 10.7
