Many critics have felt insulted that R. W. Fassbinder portrayed the protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in a human-like way in this film. However, connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films will find that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "Women's Movies" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories with women can be told much better than with men", because, according to Fassbinder, men usually fulfill their determined role in society, "women are able to think dialectically". Dialectic, however, means that not only is there a thesis and its antithesis, as is usual in our black and white world, but a synthesis in which the opposites coincide. Dialectic also means that the third synthesis eliminates the absolute antagonism between thesis and antithesis. To put it concretely, from the point of view of the dialect and the representation of the fascist state, the subway fighters must necessarily use the basic means like the rulers. There is thus a chiastic relationship between perpetrator and victim, so that every perpetrator is also a victim. Every victim is also a perpetrator. Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme that transcends classical logic in his play "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975), shot by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> So if you approach a topic that is a priori controversial, such as National Socialist Germany in a dialectical way, the presentation of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see this The recognition of the world is by no means exhausted in a primitive light-switch scheme, but requires the third synthesis as a controlling instance of the opposing members of the thesis and antithesis. The mutual relationship between offenders and victims must be scrutinized, as it is simply not true that the perpetrators are the bad and the victims the good. In a synthetic standpoint, the bad take part in the goodness, while the good take part in the badness. They are related to each other. In a world logic based on classical logic, no connection between good and evil can be established, and in an ethics based on this inadequate system of logic, the guilty conscience of Nazi survivors is responsible (illogical enough) for the deeds of their ancestors exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form of a new assessment, which is also based on this relationship. From Fassbinder's point of view, neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their private use because of their "abuse" of the ruling system because they do not abuse them but only use them. On the contrary, since the victims must repeat the actions of the perpetrators, while the perpetrators must repeat the actions of the victims, since "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images, as in a two-valued logic, their strategies are legitimated by the chiastic Structure of a logic that describes our world, which is not black and white, much better than a black and white logic.
