Rumor has it it's about time that ABBA ?? The award-winning Swedish disco favorite had reached its peak, the band was disillusioned with singing in English and longed to play in their native language. Soon after, problems arose in the former, closed, watertight partnership, and shots became more and more rare. The band unofficially disbanded in 1982, and pop lost one of its most famous artists. Although they have never admitted that these rumors are true, ABBA will never be so successful if they only recorded in their native language. If you want to reach the largest money-making media market in the world, you need to target English-speaking audiences. <br /> <br /> It's amazing to me how such a small island a stone's throw away from the European continent could perhaps have created the best-known, if not widely used, language in the world. Everyone speaks a little English. Be it "hello" or a common swear word - there will be an English speaker almost everywhere. Pedro Galindo obviously did not agree, as Trampa Infernal never received subtitles for worldwide consumption until it was released on Budget DVD. That's a pity, because it's actually a decent Slasher movie that is way better than many of its English-speaking genre compatriots. <br /> <br /> The film starts in the somewhat unfamiliar territory of a gun duel. Two unknown characters are sneaking around a rundown complex looking for the inevitable final showdown. After a bit of tension and a few near misses, one of the pistols emerges victorious. Next we learn that they are just paintball guns, and the two competitors are actually teenagers from the city. Nacho and Mauricio are the toughest rivals, and Mauricio always tries to prove himself better than his quiet opponent, but so far he is not successful. Later that night, while the victorious gunfighter celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his buddy Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has a final challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says that this will be the competition that will prove the city to everyone who deserves the highest respect. Nacho hesitates initially because Alejandra warns him of the dangers of continued competitiveness, but he finally loses himself under the pressure of his colleagues and agrees; Much to the dislike of his morally superior partner. <br /> <br /> They plan to go to the remote area of ​​Filo de Caballo, as it has recently been reported in the press that many people have been slaughtered by what the locals believe is a vicious bear. Mauricio suggests that the one who murders the beast can be considered the greatest, and he also promises that it will be the final battle he wages against his opponent. After visiting the armory to provide weapons and ignore the warnings of the older shopkeeper brought the group in the seclusion of the remote forest. Hunters are hunted when they learn that the "bear" is indeed a deadly Vietnamese veterinarian who still does not know that the war is over and considers all humans as his enemy. What began as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a struggle for survival as they are pursued and slaughtered by the evil assassin. <br /> <br /> I visited Trampa while studying in Madrid from a mexican student who lived in the next dorm door for me. I remember that the copy I saw was flawed and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the end of the credits, which meant I could never see the final scenes. Luckily, I recently hit Amazon on the Budget DVD and immediately added it to my collection. <br /> <br /> Gallindo's Slasher is a surprisingly good attempt, distinguished by its skilful direction and enthusiastic plan that seeks to cover areas that are not normally reached through Slasher movies. In fact, it's so good that it more than once reminded me of the Arnold Schwarzenegger classic Predator. This is particularly evident in the scenes in which the scary masked assassin jogs through the woods and stalks the panic troop as they strive to escape the madman's playground. <br /> <br /> The Bogeyman even uses a claw finger glove (Freddy Kruegar); Trampa also tries to add something other than the default template. While most of the runtime is based on the concrete rules of the category, the last third is a significant step in individuality as the maniac arms himself with a machine gun and lures the hero into his hide-and-seek for the final showdown. From now on, the movie quickly changes genres and almost becomes an action movie that will either thrill or disappoint you, depending on your taste. The last slasher who tried to cross the two styles was the modest 1980's entry 'The Majorettes', which is not necessarily a good thing. <br /> <br /> As with many Latin American films (notably Almodovar's Spanish films) and Amenabar, Trampa has a subtle undercurrent of a moral to his story that is successfully transmitted without being rammed into the viewer's throat. Treat yourself to the temptation of competing masculinity and you may not always be the winner. It's a sugar-coated top, but it's treated gently enough so as not to interfere with the fun of the function. <br /> <br /> Trampa may be cheesy, but deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the better late slashers. The killer looks great in creepy army fatigue and white mask in the Valentine style and the attempts of originality, just to work. It may lack the gore that most sincere horror fans like, but it has enough excitement and creativity to justify at least one consideration.
