Turned by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German Garbo's second performance of "Anna Christie" could benefit from practice and its apparent ease in German dialogue. Garbo seems more laid back and natural under Jacques Feyder's direction than under Clarence Brown, and her silent movie mannerisms are almost gone, completing her transition to sound. The force she brought to the character is preserved here, though it has been tempered, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's vulnerability. With the exception of Garbo, the entire cast is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene in which she was in the English version. In Feyder's film Garbo is in the focus of interest, although the three supporting players, especially the father, have performed outstandingly well. The direction of Feyder was more secure than that of Clarence Brown and his use of the camera and The editing techniques seemed to be not as limited by the new sound process as the Brown. The film moves more fluidly than the English adaptation, and the static character of the first film has been replaced by a flow that maintains the viewer's interest. Even the cinematography of William Daniel seems to be better than the Brown version. He recorded Garbo's luminescence and the atmosphere of the docks in style. The adaptation of the screenplay for the European audience also made Anna's job clear from the beginning, and the explicit statement makes it clear to viewers unfamiliar with the play what was only in the Brown films. However, the film was produced before the introduction of the Production Code, which made the censorship confusing. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" has always been a bit puzzling, and I suspected that nodding was given more recognition for her relatively smooth transition to sound films than for her performance. However, some of the Academy voters may have seen the German-language version of the film and recognized, as did contemporary audiences, that their "Anna Christie" under the direction of Feyder was definitely Oscar-worthy.
