Fragile Carne, just before his big time. Although sometimes staged with hesitancy and tarnished by longueurs, the HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as a relatively slight touch unusual in this director. All his great virtues are here: the narrow interiors created by sliding, complex, delicious camera movements; a melancholy use of light and shadow; remarkable, wistful sets by Alexander Trauner that are so impressive that, as the title suggests, they adopt their own formative personality; the quiet and sad music of Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly casual conspiracy of romance, tragedy and fatalism that pulls their characters into a noose; extraordinary achievements of some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the movie is the biggest mistake, and I find myself amazed to admit it (as someone who usually didactically minimizes) is her script. It has a lot of wit and dignity, but without the poetry and irony that the regular Carne collaborator Jacques Prevert has brought to his best films, it can not be impossible to slip into stereotypes (even if it's just a cliché in hindsight) Apparently housed in boarding school, the film sets forth its opening idea of ​​the community with two interconnected stories about the damned love and emotional, metaphysical and actual isolation. The scenario of damned love works the least. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at being tragic, while Aumont's Callowness, brilliantly suited, although by nature disturbs any real, felt romance. Maybe it's just me, but it's hard for me to sympathize with a couple that is so young and attractive and so desperate after only a few months that they have to shoot each other. Their upthrust lines are also pretty embarrassing. Of course, this matter is not plausible - it is a symbol of youth, hope and opportunity to be crushed in France or perhaps France itself, desperate, resigned and waiting for death. For symbols to be really powerful, they have to convince on a narrative level, which in my opinion is not quite here. <br /> <br /> What saves this conspiracy is its connection with the story of M. Edmond. a figure associated with the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we learn it only gradually, he is a murderer who hides and lives from the prostitute played by Arletty. He slept in his accomplices. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had a number of qualities; In hiding, he has adopted her complete opposite. He lives a pretty aimless life and is deeply shaken by the pact of the lovers. He becomes fatalistic and realizes the folly of trying to deceive death. In this way - admitting that one is less than one person is an accumulation of signs and this death is an inevitable reality that must succumb to the most powerful masculinity - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - he briefly gives up in hope a delusion that intensifies only - if that is not an unbearable irony - his fateful determination. <br /> <br /> All this could have been trivial if it had not been for the truly amazing achievement of Louis Jouvet. I had studied his theatrical work at the university, but this was my first taste of his talents, and he shows that he is worthy of the Great - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - who have a quiet nobility to a role Give what is more an idea (of course, he is also allegorical) as an actual person. Edmond begins the film as a minor character, but appears as a tragic hero of some power. As with all these leading actors, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he hides. On a formal level, Carnes astonishes the techniques of Sirk's great Hollywood melodramas ten years before his blossoming. Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the flowing and clear-cut beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (see the masterpieces about NEW HORSES and LA HABENERA), Carne's style really fits his theme - pinching, paralyzing, resignation /> The main motive of the film is that Water - the loans float and dissipate, the hotel stands on a waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river of possibilities, we have a channel, stagnant and created by people who lead nowhere. The film starts at the end and the attitude never changes except for a brief interlude from which both refugees have to return. Characters can only escape through death - their interventions are highlighted by the cramped spaces, the walls and frames that hold them, and the windows that look to escape, which they can never reach. Any hope in the end is therefore deeply, if romantically, compromised.
