After Garbo's introduction to Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie," Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film in which all actors except Garbo were different. While the American version is still available in the US and most American viewers have mainly seen this version, the Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. Since I've seen both films, I have the right to compare the two closely related productions. Is the film by Jacques Feyder different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what both films have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts, and the same chronological scenes. Here you will also find the story of the young woman who, after years of absence, returns to her father and tries to start a new life. There is also the funnier, albeit shorter sequence in the amusement park. But when I stress Garbo myself, I think of the first difference. She does not seem to cause such curiosity when speaking. The viewer focuses more on her acting than on the way she speaks, which most likely happened to the viewers of 1931. Garbo was very good at American film and she is very good here as well. For me, it appears even more authentic in the German version. It's striking that Garbo does not focus on the way she says the words (the effort artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). Her German is not pronounced very well; but nobody cares: everything is understood perfectly. Therefore, I can easily say the same thing that I did in my American commentary: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in one very important topic: the rest of the cast. This raises the question: Which representation is more captivating, which is certainly better? The differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do as good a job as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. It is not bad, it is different, sometimes exaggerated (from today's point of view), but in the role of Marie Dressler, who still amuses us and whose moment has absolutely proven, not so real. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film, and while this opinion seems questionable, it carries some truths. Theo Shall is more personable than Matt as Charles Bickford, but when applied to him, this is less a matter of performance than the look. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German "Anna Christie" Who really deserves the most attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a difference between day and night. Junkermann portrays a real alcohol addict, a man with hopes, with fears exaggerating his daughter's caring. The scene where Anna's first meeting with her father took place is truly magnificent. The first moment Chris talks to Marthy is particularly memorable, thanks to his facial expression and impeccable performance. Junkermann is the Chris you like, sometimes laughs at, sympathizes with, and remembers a picture of a quiet alcoholic. Great! <br /> <br /> If you have seen the American "Anna Christie" and have a chance to get the German version, I would highly recommend this movie as it has a slightly different view of the story, a nice one and for comparison: a great addition to Clarence Brown's film and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a performance miracle: that of Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
