Perhaps the best-known performance by master director Ching Siu Tung is the series A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story plays Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who has to spend a night in a mysterious castle during his "gathering" meeting where some strange old warriors fight and hit him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the spirit who lives in this castle and is under the rule of a mighty demon, a wooden devil who gathers human souls with the help of their beautiful spirits. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and though ghosts can not live with humans, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the Wood Devil thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is no less magical than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible visual and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant flashes and a dark atmosphere brightened by the strong presence of the beautiful and good spirit of will. The effects are simply breathtaking and would work on the big screen with their greatest power. The camera is constantly in motion and twisted and contributes to the fairytale atmosphere of this film. There are also many Wire'Fu stunts, and while some may think that they are and look useless or stupid in movies, I can not agree and think that they give films the magic, freedom and creativity that is another tool can not offer. When people fly in these films, it means the films are not just our world, and they usually show things that are bigger than life, with the power of this larger-than-life art form. <br /> <br /> The story about power Love is touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a bit too shallow and occasionally seem inexplicable. Leslie and Joey should have been written with the utmost care, and their characters should be even more warm-hearted, profound, and sincere, to give the story a stronger power, making it even more remarkable and important. The message of love and power is underlined too much at one point and should have been left to the mind of the beholder to be interpreted and found. Another negative point in the dialogue is that it is too much and the people in this movie speak for no reason. This is very annoying and sadly shows the shortcomings that many scriptwriters do when writing their films. People just talk and talk and it's all there to make everything as understandable as possible, and the movie is not too challenging or credible because it has this free element. Just think of the films of Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano. His films have very little dialogue and all that is needed is all he needs when he talks his things with other cinema tools and never talks or talks too much about other characters in his films. This is just the talent that writers should have to write larger scripts. Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually stunning piece from the Eastern Cinema and also the song that is played in the cinema movie is very beautiful and has hopefully earned some awards at the Hong Kong Film Awards. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the above shortcomings, this would undoubtedly be a near-perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
