I saw this movie for the first time when it was broadcast by the BBC in 1988 when I was working on UK 2000AD. My buddy Steve Parkhouse recorded it on VHS and sent it to me. By that time, I had really only seen the Shaw Bros Kung Fu films with their hard lighting (so that the audience could clearly see the movements), and it was a revelation to me to see something that looked like it would have been lit up Ridley Scott comes out of Hong Kong. This was also my first encounter with the films of Tsui Hark (pronounced "Choy Huk"). Despite all the smoky, backlit outsides and ambitious special effects (stop-motion in a Hong Kong film?) At the heart of Chinese GHOST STORY lies a simple and touching love story driven by Leslie Cheung's outstanding acting talent (what a tragic, tragic waste a life!) and the beauty becomes even more realistic and elegance of Joey Wong. Granted, Joey is great, but her ballistic hand gestures give her character unattainable eroticism that's hard to analyze. And although Joey is almost 20 years older now (gawd, who of us is not?), This will always be the permanent image of this actress. Some reviewers here have said that the film is simple and simple. There is a lack of surprises, but the fact that this movie is based on a famous Chinese story written by Pu Songling around 1700 is missing. This is a bit like complaining that Romeo and Juliet have a predictable ending and are just copying WEST SIDE STORY. (I just wanted to get that off my chest!) <br /> <br /> For me, the Chinese GHOST STORY is the quintessential romantic story. It's a big tragedy because we know that Chio Sin and Sin Lakes can never be together. It's about growing up because none of us can mature until we've suffered big losses. It's about sacrifices, because sacrifices are an integral part of True Love. And the comedy styling of Wu Ma does not hurt a bit. <br /> <br /> Enjoy the Chinese GHOST STORY by trying not to see it through a filter of Western culture, and you will get along well with it.
