I saw this movie in my childhood. And after 10 years, I could not remember anything about this movie, but I found out that I also do not know how to find out about this movie. It's my life. My favorite movie ever. My words will fall into the true meaning of what I have for this movie inside. I follow this movie. It's a brilliant mix of fantasy, comedy, romance, horror, erotic, fear and martial arts. The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm. It is a masterpiece of Hong Kong cinema. Without a doubt, Sinnui Yauman is one of the best ghost stories ever recorded in the movie. A Chinese Ghost Story was written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu-Tung Ching. Ling Choi Sin, played by Leslie Cheung, is a young man who missed his luck. He is looking for a monastery to find lodgings deep in the woods, a place that the villagers seem to fear very much from going nearby. But the hike is dangerous for wolves and a crazy Taoist monk lives in the temple. Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing, a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in an abandoned temple. She is forced to seduce men for her evil mistress, but when she meets the innocent Ling Choi Sin, they fall in love with each other. <br /> <br /> Ling Choi Sin is a kind of limp fool, but his heart is in the right place. While Tsing tries to protect him from the other ghosts in the forest, he tries to protect her from the monk who tries to kill the ghosts in the forest. There are great martial arts, even a monk breaking out in drunken singing while performing ritual Taoist sword forms. The film does a lot of traditional martial arts films with acrobatics, with magic and flight through the air, jumping from tree to tree, with elegant long dresses and shawls, but the movie really does flow and everything is effective. <br /> <Tsing is said to be married to a bad tree monster that can not be good, and we feel her plight in her home, where we meet her sisters and stepmother who is really not nice. In the end, they have to fight a tree witch with a deadly tongue and go deep into the heart of hell with Yin to fight a thousand year old evil to save their souls, and Lings Returning ashes to their home for a proper funeral is a chance for reincarnation. <br /> <br /> A beautiful story that really cares about details. You're touched by this movie in many ways, you laugh, cry and just enjoy the great martial arts and cinematography. And although in the end Yin and Ling Choi Sin ride into the morning sun under a charming rainbow, we never know if Tsing was granted a reincarnation, but we know them.
