Joan Fontaine is absolutely convincing as an amoral beauty who is totally unable to feel for someone outside of herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all of his money through a combination of stupidity and extravagance, and they only have to live in a tiny space and have little or no prospects. They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and talk as if nothing is. He is a charming, hopeless, but totally amiable guy. Fontaine decides, however, that he must go because he has survived his usefulness. She decides to poison him when she realizes he does not want to divorce her so she can move on. She had a lover now (Patric Knowles) whom she drops because he is not rich either. She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the ingredients and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. She targets him and decides he's fine. He is too eager to be eaten by the young beauty. He is certainly not very exciting and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelet. But Fontaine is one of those women who only have eyes for money, and the man standing between her and him is transparent, so she does not notice or care about what he looks like and goes for it. She poisoned her husband and sent him very neat and satisfying, so that everything goes well. But as always in the movies and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go awry, and the tension increases noticeably, causing Fontaine to start sweating. Fontaine is particularly good at looking evil and scared, and as the net begins to approach, her ascending sense of despair is palpable and has us at the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over cool calculation and cunning. But she finds a fall fighter for her crime in the person of her discarded lover, who is an innocent victim of her plan to set him up. He is sentenced to death for murder because the death of the man by poison appeared unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays a fiercely determined Scottish Court Inspector, thinks something is wrong and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He approaches her and some of the scenes are inspired depictions of the wildest panic. But will the life of the innocent man be saved before he is executed? Will Fontaine throw himself out here? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to protect his infatuation? The film is expertly directed by Sam Wood, and the movie is a really great suspense thriller that I think is very well suited for describing a superior movie noir.
