I just looked at this great, good-natured parody of Night of the Living Dead, and I must say, it was so horrible and so cheesy that it was excellent. This film contained all the antics and sceneries that the original had, including the cemetery, the supposedly deserted house, the basement, and the front lawn. What I really love about this film is the comic use of bread and all the usual household enemies, which can harm bread. Come on, we know that toasters, toasters, and zippers have made bread a dozen times, and now we need to call on them to defeat the revived bread. Apart from the cheap acting and the voice overs, this short horror movie is my personal favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than Night of the Living Dead of 1990. <br /> <br /> I think what that means It's worth watching a movie on how the writers and directors used all the dialogue from the original movie and made the loaves of bread, including how bread was revived and how to avoid leftovers because they are particularly dangerous. Another good reason why I love this film is that there is no exception, what bread is evil, bagels are evil and even communions are evil. This is a hilarious scene that includes a newsreader and a rather monotonous priest. I think that the actors particularly humorous accomplish the deed of bread slices (d. H. The car scene) to be attacked. I think the end is very worthwhile. <br /> <br /> Even if this is a short and the "night of the dawn of the Son of the Bride" the return of the revenge of terror is Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Meat Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead part 2: In Shocking 2-D "is undoubtedly another great parody, it is still recommended as a big horror parody made by college filmmakers, and I highly recommend this movie to anyone who finds out about Night of the Living Dead and still respect the filmmakers, I would also recommend this movie to anyone who loves D-movies and horror parodies, it's just a wonderful little short horror movie that's fun to watch and learn.
