The Sea is Watching was an interesting movie experience. At first the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each frame seemed to be a photograph of something, something very focused and not part of a bigger picture. It was obvious what we should look at in each frame. The physicality of the set itself contributed to this sense of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the street halve the road, and the tiny gateway to the tiny settlement, followed by the tiny and few pebbles that served as the establishment, formed the seemingly whole city. Even the view of the sea was framed by a tiny landing where one can count the number of longer grassy areas swaying in the wind. No panoramic view. In fact, it reminded me of the Montmarte sequence by Moulin Rouge, in which the camera faces the windmill with a wide view, creating a sense of a small area where everything happens. <br /> <br /> While acting in the light of the ego was passable I really could not tell how the lines were really delivered, I felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and nonsensical. Why would Kikuno continue as she did when Fusanosuke announced that his upcoming marriage really did not seem true? The humans had not really changed that much, and the character Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even if they were busy taking over O-shin's business for nothing, the response was not characteristic and unnecessary and distracting. Another example of strange spectacle was when Kikuno's drunken friend showed up and Ryosuke decided to intervene and be pushed down the stairs. The way he stood up and threateningly came up the stairs and the ensuing fight out in the reeds was simply unsatisfactory. Was not it like me to like fight scenes? on the contrary ?? But it seemed a bit stilted and again too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise it was not a nice movie, but an interesting insight into the dark side of prostitution (as opposed to geisha). Unfortunately, it may have fed on our expectations of wanton women (the "sweetie, I'll give you a deal" comments backed by the overstretched actions) and seriously doubted whether nineteenth-century prostitutes really did so. But once inside the house, the inner life became the most interesting, liveliest and most real, providing a scenario that I never expected or imagined in my romantic view of 19th-century Japan.
