"Umi wa miteita" ("The Sea Watching") was Akira Kurasawa's turning song: his adaptation of favorite book author Shugoro Yamamoto to a screenplay he wanted to shoot was his brilliant career last time. Director Kei Kumai pays homage to Kurosawa and Yamamoto as he presented this visually stunning word-to-picture transformation. <br /> <br /> The story of the 19th century Japanese explores the lives of women in a geisha house whose sole purpose is to earn money by pleasing people. The house is run by an elderly couple that is upscale, and the geishas are an enchanting group of women who know their craft and are proud of their careers. Everyone has a reason to turn to the life of the geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family, which lives in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and bad customers, which she maintains with her stories about her higher caste. Oshin befriends an endangered samurai, falls in love with the gentle guy, but realizes that he can not marry his caste and leaves Oshin to marry his promised fiancee. Oshin's heart loses slightly, but is emotionally and physically / financially supported by Kikuno and the other geishas. <br /> <br /> A handsome samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops the first trusting and devoted relationship with her. Kikuno has trouble deciding whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and cope with a rich but abusive client. While the sea is watching and a typhoon destroys the Geisha house and the road, Oshin and Kikuno are sitting on the roof, waiting for the promised rescue from Ryosuke. The way in which the story ends is sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea watches and finds protection for true love. <br /> <br /> The photography of Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful: night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful geisha interiors are combined with recurrent, calm and turbulent views of the sea. Acting is a bit tense for Edo art, but the characters are well laid out and keep the story believable. The one distraction that is definitely NOT something that Kurosawa would not have tolerated is the sticky western music score that sounds like cheap soap opera filler, apart from the isolated moments when real Japanese music adorns the track on authentic instruments. But in the end there is enough influence from Kurosawa to penetrate this film with its kind of dreamlike wonders that will always retain its importance for the world cinema. Grady harp
