Ahh yes, the all-star blockbuster. Take a so-so concept, pack it into a script and download it with every single crazy special effect the Wizards of Hollyweird can summon, and summarize the usual suspects: hot up-and-comers -beens, Wanna-Be's, and Never-Wuzzes, and put them all in ensemble roles of various sizes in front of the relentless eye of the cameras. And I hope that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Leave it to the bishops of Box Office to finally apply the concept to horror movies, as in the post-EXORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL. Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try Ira Levin's ROSEMARY'S BABY scenario of creepy (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in a New York brownstone. The result was a controversial bestseller, some claiming it was plagiarized, and an equally controversial, top-heavy / star-laden vehicle co-written and staged by Michael Winner of DEATH WISH, but for many unsteady reasons. <BR /> <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays the successful model Alison Parker, who is pretty overused and overworked (I'm not adding that she's "overpaid"). I mean, she's a model, so that would be not only on their 24/7 schedule, but also on their stubborn friend, "Wanna-he-married-right-NOW" (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.IG film LIPSTICK). One of the ways she decides to break away from all this is to move to her own place; a tall, beautiful brownstone in Manhattan that is capable of becoming dirt cheap (that should be the BIG Red Flag - cheap real estate in New York!) by the secretive attentive broker Miss Logan (Ava Gardner from the Golden Age of Ava Gardner), fresh from the storm drain in EARTHQUAKE.) <br /> <br /> Things seem good at first glance, but oh well ... then comes the sound and the loud pounding from the apartment at night , And what about the REALLY strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a very early Beverly D'Angelo), the nice "single friends" (read: lesbians) living together, and the friendly old Charles Chazen (a pretty scary ) Burgess Meredith) who may be a little too interested in Alison's welfare? And that's not to mention, other assorted squirrel roommates (you'll never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake" again, without having to laugh through your nose milk and possibly throwing up at the same time.) Especially the old, blind priest who lives here the penthouse ... <br /> <br /> Things are starting to really go downhill, as a nightmare full of alias from Alison to a cruel murder (in one of the biggest underwear spots of the movie With Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), Michael begins to put together the puzzle that reveals the dark origins of the brownstone and the murderous agenda of its non-worldly inhabitants, not to mention Alison's connection to As it turns out, this is anything but a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Although the overcrowded cast is not controversial, every actor in various genres seems to be in search of work (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin) Balm, Eli Wallach, John Carradine and even early appearances by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) Winners and companies returned to the bombastic basics and raised a "Tod Browning" by inviting real, physically challenged actors in THE SENTINEL's climactic sequence "Everything and Everyone Goes to Hell" which would, I suspect, do any terrible director who is unable to access Linda Blair and a case of green pea soup. It definitely makes you play with Arctic fingers that play your spinal cord like a zither, and you know this juicy little titbit of information as you watch it. And there's a technique that filmmakers have recently returned to: live makeup on set and special effects that are not about CGI (which did not exist back then). <br /> <br THE SENTINEL has the cheesy The cheese factor of the late 1970's, however, manages to distinguish itself occasionally from some gasping moments like the ones mentioned above, not to mention the unpleasant sense of fear that horror writers find it easy to play, of isolation and things who become restless at night. What inhabitant living in the big city has not been lying in bed in the dark and "settling the building" to the sounds of what he hopes to HOPE? Listened carefully. <br /> <br / Konvitz followed THE SENTINEL with an inevitable sequel, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with William Friedkin's supernatural thriller namesake), which was never adapted for the screen. Sigh of relief
