Director and author Michael Winner's feature is a better than expected unconventional supernatural horror movie (though Schlock is still being efficiently supplied), which really goes unnoticed. Sure, it could borrow ideas from other similar themed horror films from that period, but still manages to bring its own psychological imprint into the smoky green material (of good versus evil) and a unique vision that has stretched out a considerable amount of impressive power if anything, has exploitative set pieces. Overall, it is sketchy, but it remains intriguing, initiating an ominous charge without having to deal with the horrors. In fact, there is always something going on in its busy setting, but it is rather downplayed with its shocks that lead to soapy patterns and atmospheric tailoring, to its vivacious and cruel climax with a downbeat revelation. The dressed craftsmanship of the winner may feel like a pedestrian, but it is the ensemble that really holds it together. as you try to recognize the faces. There is also a lot. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each one of them is committed despite the ridiculously rude nature. It's interesting to name names like Sylvia Miles (who is very scary!), Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (a pretty cameo), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger see parts. Then you have a meek Chris Sarandon and the posh gorgeous Cristina Raines in the leads. Supporting support for José Ferrer, Martin Balm, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The screenplay throws many characters and ideas around, but it distracts incoherently by trying to squeeze everything into it. However, it seems confusing that the suspicion and deception of what's really going on here works in his favor. Is there a reason for all this and why does she surround Raine's character? The emphasis is mainly on this atmospheric angle as it slowly brings light into her inner bustle and the strange / worrying experiences she encounters as she moves into her new home. Here, Winner tries to highlight the eerie shadows that project icy moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the grandiose, overwhelming orchestral score that never misses a cue, and Richard C. Kratina orchestrates the extensive, perimeter-like photography.
