I'm not sure why this little movie was banished into the dark, though it's pretty silly. The Sentinel is a clever and imaginative horror movie that gives more than a run for its money to most of today's highly acclaimed ghost stories. Michael Winner has often admitted that he is not the best director of all time, which appears several times in this film. However, it must be said that the film works in spite of its uninspired direction and more than makes up for the fact that Winner somehow managed to garner a simply amazing array of talent. The plot is full of secrets and focuses on Alison Parker and her search for an apartment. She thinks she can not afford most of the property she's looking at, but she believes her fortune has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems start soon after moving in, as she does not like her neighbors ... and this problem increases when the realtor tells her she has only one neighbor. an older blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is really great, and the relatively unknown Cristina Raines will be a great support cast. Chris Sarandon is a bit wooden in his role opposite Raines, but small parts for John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name just a handful, more than make up for Sarandon's lifeless performance. With his central location, Michael Winner does a good job as the block of flats offers a scary and macabre setting for the story. The movie starts a bit slow, but it never gets boring. and the screenplay by Michael Winner offers a surprise that can hardly be estimated from the offset, which certainly deserves praise. Like many similar slow-burning horrors, this money does not start early on money, but unlike many, the end is a definite climax, as Winner does everything to shock the viewer and when there is a rumor that he is actually using a human being has curiosities are true; I have to say that he does it very well! All in all, this movie may be a pure hokum no matter how you look at it; The Sentinel is one of the better films of its kind and definitely a highlight for the director.
