This is one of my favorite horror movies. It's a rich, stylish production with an outstanding cast of ensemble actors, beautiful on-site cinematography, a haunting musical score, a smart and novel storyline, and an atmosphere of fear and menace. It is reminiscent of classic films like ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, in which young, vulnerable women are haunted by supernatural powers in old, spooky buildings with a macabre past. Here CRISTINA RAINES plays a top model from New York City named Alison Parker. Her cheerful, open-minded appearance masks a deeply confused and restless soul. This is evidenced by the discovery that she had tried twice in her past as a suicide attempt, once as a teenager, when she entered her degenerate father, who was frolicking in bed with two women and ripping off a silver crucifix and throwing it on the floor for the second time, after the wife of her lawyer and friend allegedly committed suicide when he learned of her affair. Her beau (played by a slimy CHRIS SARANDON) that she has to live alone for a year or so, she replies to a newspaper ad for a fully furnished, spacious one bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone. This building actually exists on Montague Terrace 10, just off the Brooklyn Heights Promenade on Remsen Street. The producers were actually filming in the building and in the apartments, paying the residents for their inconvenience. Real estate agent Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER) appears to be very interested in Alison taking over the apartment - an interest that can not be explained by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when it lowers the rent quickly from $ 500 a month to $ 400. Alison agrees, and as she leaves the building with Miss Logan, she notices an elderly man sitting and staring at her from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies the man as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical: "Blind, what is he looking at?" After moving in, Alison meets some of the other occupants of the building, including a lesbian couple, played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who uncomfortably welcome Alison to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon worsen and she is plagued by headaches and fainting. When she tells Miss Logan that her sleep is disturbed by metal knocking and noisy steps from the apartment right overhead, she is stupid to learn that except the blind priest and now no one has lived in this building for the last three years. One night, to muster the courage to confront her nocturnal tormentor, she arms herself with a butcher's knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment upstairs. She is confronted with the cancer-eaten ghost of her dead father and uses the knife for self-defense as he follows her. The police investigate and find in this apartment no signs of violence - no body, no blood, nothing. Nevertheless, Alison escaped from the building and collapsed on the street, bloodied, as it turns out. But there is no sign with her. What Alison only realizes when the dissolution of the film is that she's in that brownstone has a purpose. It was brought there for a reason - a reason whose origins go back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel set up at its entrance to protect it from the devil. It is unconsciously prepared and prepared by the Catholic Church to play an extremely important role - one that guarantees that its soul, condemned for its two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn out to be more than just bizarre spinners, have a different agenda for them. This is a competent and intelligently executed film that surprisingly depicts the church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light.
