Based on the eponymous novel, this horror film suffers from flawed production and choppy, amateurish directing, yet is strangely captivating. Unlike shock horror movies like The Exorcist, this film leads the viewer to a slow but ruthless immersion into a pool of evil. It dawns, dawning on the audience with the same dreamlike slowness as dawning on the poor girl unintentionally selected as the next guard. Their job is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from breaking out into the world. This applies to her as a reconciliation for her attempted suicide in her previous life. The story is in line with the book, which was intriguing, but the way it was edited may lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are ground down and never satisfactorily explained, which offends the movie. This is a pity. The sentinel is not a kind of bells and whistles; It is rather an uncomfortable watchtower. Like a bad car crash, there is a compulsion to look even when it gets unbearable. This movie is not all bad and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was intriguing as Alison, the vulnerable girl who was mentally attacked by both sides, was a plaything in the never-ending battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her caring but ultimately selfish friend. Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives who are trying to solve the bizarre puzzle left to them. Ava Gardner is as elegant as the broker who does not know the horrors lurking in her rental property. The skinny older John Carradine, with his arthritis-twisted hands, is a great dying guard who needs to be replaced. The devil is played by Burgess Meredith in a charming perfection; He is so cute and yet so bad. Future stars are hidden in this film: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach plays successfully as a jerking television director against guys. The damn souls in the end are portrayed by real sideshow freaks and freaks. Whoever had thought was a twisted but ingenious genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that permeates the film bubbles up unexpectedly, like when Alison opens a door and finds something that brings back her father and his two whores. She relives her first suicide attempt, faces two strangely dysfunctional lesbians and sees a cat cut like a cake. Again and again she is torn between reality and fantasy, through dreams and dreams, and she lacks the means to cope with it. In fact, the devil tries to drive her crazy enough to kill herself before she becomes the next guard. Will he succeed ...? In summary, slowly, but indescribably eerily creepy, good-natured, but poorly directed, and a very typical horror film of the 70s, before the real shockers go off. (No pun intended) This movie may not work for people with a short attention span, but it can still send shivers down the spine while still delivering a low level of shock. It remains a strangely captivating and entertaining entry into the realm of evil.
