Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-related films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land," but he's also a director of occult horror cinema, as evidenced by 1977's The Sentinel. "The Sentinel," based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, is a clever and hugely scary religious cooler that no lover of occult horror should miss. The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but to me it is just as disturbing as these widely acclaimed movies and probably even scarier. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful, young New York model. Traumatized by events in her past and unwilling to marry her lawyer friend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for a place to live in an old mansion in Brooklyn, a great, incredibly beautiful, affordable home. The new apartment is, however, accompanied by a number of very strange other tenants. And the scary new neighbors will soon be more than a little annoying for Alice ... This may not be a sufficient storyline, but I would hate to spoil the great moments of this movie, so I will not give any further action description. However, what I would like to say is that "The Sentinel" is a very scary and effective movie that benefits from a great cast and an often bizarre and always weird atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also appeared here as producers, certainly had an influence on the result. The movie is imaginatively photographed and the sinister old Brooklyn mansion provides a fantastic backdrop for this kind of movie. As already mentioned, the atmosphere is dark and scary, and the movie also contains some shocking moments and real fear. The movie shows many eerie and eccentric characters, and the cast is outstanding. The beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, lovable yet on the verge of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her friend, a successful lawyer, and the side cast includes many big names like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger before they became truly famous. Performers include stars such as Ava Gardner, horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and, my personal favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective. I've been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly for movies like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great movie in Winner's repertoire and proof that the man is not only a master of hardened revenge cinema, but also of atmospheric occult horror. All in all, "The Sentinel" is a scary, intelligent and amazingly bizarre occult cooler that is highly recommended to all horror fans!
