Sigh?? I sincerely wonder why all the critically acclaimed and allegedly profound film critics are so resistant to director Michael Winner? Surely he is not the avatar of subtlety, since his films are almost always persistent and confronted, but then what? They are incredibly entertaining. His most famous action films, such as the first three entries in the "Death Wish" series, are easy to defeat because they supposedly glorify violence and the personal use of shotguns, but even if Winner is far more mature genres ?? Like the religious horrors of "The Sentinel"? He does not stand a chance with any critic. "The Sentinel" sparked some controversy on his release, and enraged some people when Michael Winner introduced truly malformed and disabled people to portray the creatures who tried to cross the gates between hell and earth. In exactly the same controversy, Todd's Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the horror cinema "Freaks" has been banished for over thirty years and has not been seen again! And why? Just because certain prudish and slightly offended people who should not see the movie at all claim it's an unethical thing? I do not suppose that Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people at gunpoint or forced them to appear in their films. What then gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another important reason why critics do not welcome "The Sentinel" is the novel by Jeffrey Konvitz? and with it the screenplay by Michael Winner? Www.wcc-assembly.info/de/theme-issu...duction.html is largely derived from other contemporary, but far more successful religious horror stories and therefore, after the merciless pens of the horror critics, little more than pure plagiarism. Englisch: www.wcc-assembly.info/en/theme-issu...duction.html. Granted, "The Sentinel" borrowed several essential elements from "Rosemary's Baby," "The Omen," and "The Exorcist," but let's be honest, the 1970s cinema lives on stolen formulas and mimics success stories. If you overlook the somewhat unoriginal concept and in fairness a handful of thoroughly confusing and unnecessary negotiations, "The Sentinel" is still, frankly, a unique atmospheric and often downright petrifying horror highlight of the 70s with an impressive cast of cast and crew a nightmarish imagery You probably will not easily forget it. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a gorgeous model with some unprocessed mental trauma, moves to a stunning Brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the wishes of her friend Michael, who wanted to marry her several times. Alison's physical existence, and above all her mental state, changes drastically shortly thereafter, and the ominous dwelling seems to be the root of all misery. She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for her cats, though the landlady claims she and a blind priest are the only tenants. She often faints during her work and has really scary visions from her bastard father and the night she tried to commit suicide. It is beginning to become clear that Alison has been chosen to fulfill a higher supernatural purpose in this apartment building, but at the same time malevolent forces try to prevent it. It's really unfortunate that the promotional taglines and even the brief summary on the back of the DVD immediately show that Alison's Brownstone apartment is the gateway to Earth for Hell and she is the chosen one to guard her as the script the film slowly builds up to this shock revelation. For nearly 75 minutes (and in some sadly boring and overlong sequences), Michael Winner has the impression that Alison's own thoughts play tricks with her, and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her fiancé are strictly red herrings. Several of the horrific scenes come close to a genius, like Alison's flashback or her first acquaintance with the priest upstairs. The entire climax with the controversial guest performances mentioned above is a downright confusing show of pure terror and, with ease, one of the most memorable and crispest denouements I've ever seen. The cast that Michael Winner has managed to capture is deeply impressive, especially considering that "The Sentinel" is still a legitimate horror movie and that genre is not the favorite of celebrity actors, but of course you have to cast the cast put a little in the right perspective. With such an extended cast, obviously some of the roles in the movie are little more than cameos. For example, Martin Balsam and John Carradine only appear on the screen for a few minutes. Some others (like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo, and Tom Berenger) make the film very famous these days, but when it was released, they were still too unknown to attract curious onlookers. My personal choice for the best performances are Burgess Meredith as an eerie neighbor and Eli Wallach as a satirical police officer. The relatively unknown Cristina Raines makes the film admirable, and Chris Sarandon assists her confidently, even though he wears a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully entertaining and terrifying horror movie that is definitely a must for genre fanatics.
