This is the first part of a two-part backstory of the machine-human conflict in the Matrix world. It provides spectacular observations of man's fear of the unknown and usurping politics, far-reaching religious and historical images, undermining expected depictions of the parties involved, and an at least partially credible and dreadful vision of our near future. it is not perfect and some action points and images are suddenly obvious and invented, but it has the desired effect and effect and tells a superficial and cautious story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots that are mostly humanoid to serve people who do minor, unskilled jobs, work, construction, and so forth the population has become lazy and repugnant. A robot, on the other hand, rebels and kills its owner, explaining in its subsequent process that it simply did not want to die. It is destroyed, but when the destruction of the robotic masses is ordered to protect humanity, many robots rise in protest with many human sympathizers beside them. The images here are exploitative and tell of racial uprisings and abuse, Tiananmen Square, the Holocaust and too provocative scene of a robot in the guise of a human girl who is rushed, hammered in the head and then shot dead when he says, "I am real". It lies on the floor, clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging out. It is an obvious and obscene image that shows human fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> This first part is like a compressed version of the movie I Robot. However, it quickly evolves into a recognizable matrix backstory as the surviving robotic contingent in the Middle East is banished and gathered in the cradle of civilization, as the narrator tells us. There the machines are regrouping and starting to produce new AI, to produce mass technology and to trade with human nations. We see a commercial for a car using the circular energy floats used by the rebels' ships in the movies, and we see Sentinel robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. Their goods and trade are pushing up their economies, which has had a negative impact on other economies, and the state governments and authorities are erecting a blockade. The machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve similarities to a UN congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade, but they are forcibly abolished and the second part is put into a state of war. <br /> <br /> The animation is from Studio 4 ° C, which works on some of the Animatrix, which are evocative and visually stimulating, highlighting various scenes such as montages, CCTV footage, and certain import scenes, perfectly depicting the story. The storyline may not be an original concept and can be based on simplistic sheep mentalities and models of action and resort to provocative material, but after the agonizing mystery offered by the first film and Morpheus' vaguely brief info dumps, this is a beautiful depiction of catastrophic events that left the world behind and were in the hands of the machines that serve as a warning and vehicle for many observations and commentaries on human conditions, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and destruction. Consequences of conflict and Prejudices, topics in the movies expanded.
