That was the first thing that came to my mind when I saw how Europe ended up graduating on the big screen. I've never seen a movie of such technical genius in my life. The images of Europe are so impressive that I can see every movie After that, just look pale compared to them, forget about Michael Bay, the sleek Hollywood camera by Ridley Scott. Europe has more ethereal beauty than anything the two could conjure up in a million years. Now I would be the first to welcome Lars von Trier as a genius right behind his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark. This is stupid, however, the fact that Europe has not been perceived by film professionals for so long is a crime against cinema, while overvalued garbage such as Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful is cleaned up at the Academy Awards (but what do you know) Europe was hidden, with no video stores and (until recently) no British television channels. <br /> <br /> The visuals in Europe are not an MTV shine. It is not a case of style over substance, but rather of substance that determines style. Similar to his first film The Element of Crime von Trier draws the perspective of the main character to draw us into his world. Similar to Element, the movie starts with the main character (or, in the case of Europe, the audience). be hypnotized. As we move along the trail, the narrator's voice (Max von Sydow) takes us deep into sleep until we awaken in Europe. In this way, von Trier and his three filmmakers can pay with the conventions of time and images. In Europe, there are many scenes in which a black and white figure in the background interacts with a person in the foreground who has color, von Trier tries to show us how much priority the colored object or the person has before the plot. For example, it is no surprise that Leopold Kessler's first shot (Jean-marc Barr) is colorful, as he is the only character who is superior to the movie? <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not be comparable to those in later Trier films. However, this is only because the pictures are sometimes so distracting that you do not really pick them up the first time. However, I would like to point out the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is being slowly warned by the two adversaries until he breaks out into the final act of the film. Again, damned like The Element of Crime, the film ends with our hero not being able to wake up from his nightmare state left in that dreadful place, and only from Sydow's ongoing narrative that seals his fate. Europe is a great movie, and I can not help but think what a shame that Trier has given up on this kind of filming, as he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors working at the time, Europe, much like that the rest of his movie cannon is filled with a wealth of iconic scenes. His commitment to composition and staging is unsurpassed, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But with his unfussy melodramas turning out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, anyone can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
