2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that was actually related to the plot of the film. In addition, a DVD with 9 short animated films was released, most of which were written in Japan and created as anime. Japan is doing some of the best animation in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel of the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance is created as a historical file. It tells how people made machines in their own form. Man lives the high life, while machines are the grunts, the workers of society and second-class citizens. In 2090, a machine, BI-66ER, was charged with murder after killing its owners who wanted to disable it. The machine does not have a fair process, and there are riots around the world. The governments of the world are sorting machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations and forces them into an economic crisis. The blockade of human beings by the human blockade and the rejection of machines for peace are the people who were responsible for the war and enslaved them. The second Renaissance is an interesting timepiece with an excellent, traditional animation style and sets a captivating world. It shows how the machines have been maltreated and that humanity has sown the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world and the short tells a lot about short term. The short film shares themes and a style with the classic silent film Metropolis, which partly begins with the underworld. They are the themes of slavery, mistreatment of the working class and racism. The short film also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly that men saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own image. Seeing yourself as the rightful masters of machines. The machines also use a religious iconography and are mainly their nation in the "cradle of human civilization" and the machines dressed as Adam and Eve, which come to the United Nations, offer an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful. in traditional anime style (like Akira). The sets are great and combine futuristically with historic cities, eg. Washington D.C .. There is a good future scene and surprising acts of violence that are the key to the movie. The director Mahiro Maeda also directed the animated sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so has good evidence to Hollywood. He is willing to use force and know how to keep a story going. <br /> <br /> The only complaint is the continuity error of the first Matrix movie, since Morpheus mentions that humans have no historical records or know who started the war. But it's a good clock.
