Prisons are not known for their warm hospitality and "happy mood", which is about stories about brawling, chaos, murder and, of course, extreme male bondage! But the prison in this movie is a completely different animal. As you probably know, horror movies in cells are nothing new, as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape. Two of the biggest topics in horror cinema. With examples such as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, the entire genre "Women in Prison", another entry into this niche is required something imaginative and a lot of fun to be recognized. Or at least you would have thought. Surely PRISON is an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it's a pity it's not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> In short, the movie revolves around an old prison (well, duh!) that was reopened. However, it is not only fellow inmates and guards who the prisoners are afraid of, but also a crazy demon spirit with just one thing. Death! And boy, are we treated with some deadly death scenes? I will not spoil anything for you here, but there are many innovative and entertaining murders, all carried out by invisible hands. In addition to the special effects and the murders, this film has something else to offer; it is poured. As the headliner we have the star of the rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003), star Viggo Mortensen (and for all those who tend to, yes, he undresses), whose performance is not only very credible, but also with such Ability is made that is his The character of Eastwood is bitter and sympathetic (a very delicate blend). Add him to a cast of actors, and you have yourself a great group of stars. The characters themselves, however, lack the three-dimensionality and they usually seem very stereotyped. We have a black oculist, a jailer, a human rights activist, and many other characters. To be honest, this "bug" actually helps the movie. Instead of boring character development in an overly long equilibrium, we are more or less directly plugged into the action, and as soon as it starts (very early), is not there a single scene that is a filler? it's balls to the wall plot. Unlike a specific SHAWSHANK RETREAT (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the Slasher genre is a kind of convention itself, and in the good old slasher genre tradition, PRISON punishes those who were bad. All in all, this is an excellent little horror movie and one that is unfortunately overlooked by the horror world and not mentioned. With a great cast, great special effects and rather original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended for horror fans. Do not be fooled if you think it's going to be a cheesy little movie just because it was made in the US in the 1980s. He is far from being cheesy (although the end is ruining it all) and at the same time anything but grainy and realistic. Attempts are being made to tackle issues like rape in jail, which are rather subtle. <br /> <br /> I give him 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very entertaining horror movie with some very nice details.
