What we have here is a captivating piece of cheap horror with a relatively primal premise, a cast filled with familiar faces, and one of the most compelling locations in horror film history. Could someone please tell me why this movie is so extremely underestimated? "Prison" is the US debut of Finnish director Harlin, who remains one of his best efforts, despite continuing to make blockbuster hits such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story unfolds completely in an ancient and dilapidated Wyoming Prison reopened for overpopulation in other, more modern state prisons. In the former execution dungeons still lives the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair. The now-promoted Overseer Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there 40 years ago when this innocent man died and the mind still remembers its vile role in the unfair trial. It seems that the time of revenge has finally arrived. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief who has to prevent an even bigger body count, and Chelsea Field is the humane social worker who is slowly uncovering the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" has over half a dozen memorable moments of gore sequences, but it's the unbearably tense atmosphere that will surely stay with you! Unlike any other horror image from this decade, "Prison" offers an amazing sense of realism! Of course, I'm referring to the authentic scenery and mood within the prison walls, not the supernatural killings that are being committed ... even if they are genuinely unsettling. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and hard jail drama sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The absolute best frightening moment (since I saw him rather young when I saw nightmares) focuses on a terrible death fight with barbed wire. Haunt !! The script only suffers from a mistake, but that's an ordinary ... almost inevitable, I think: clichés! The story presents almost all the possible stereotypes that exist in a prison environment. We have the ugly, fat pervert with his 'sweet' boy toy, the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and? Naturally? the old and wise black cheater who serves a lifetime (have I heard anyone shout the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not blindly look at these clichés is my advice, because there are so many other elements that you admire can. The photography is dark and humid, the mystery is sustained for a long time and successfully, and the supportive class B-actor inmates roles are outstanding (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister, and even immortal horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget about Wes Craven's god-fearing attempt "Shocker" or the downright pathetic cheese sniff "the Chair". This is the only prison cooler worth tracking! Especially considering that Viggo Mortensen is becoming increasingly popular these days (I've heard that he played in a successful franchise with elves, hobbits, and other fairies ...), this true horror gem of the 1980s must be an urgent DVD Publication received!
