"The Adventures of Barry McKenzie" began as a satirical comic strip in "Private Eye", written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea by Peter Cook. McKenzie ('Bazza' to his friends) is a lanky Australian hat whose two major interests in life are sex (although he has never had one) and Foster's camp. In 1972 he found the first of two excursions on the big screen. For Humphries it must have been tempting to call himself a "Bazza", but he cleverly left it to Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme of the television soap opera "Neighbors"!). Humphries instead played several roles in real Peter Sellers fashion, especially Bazzas arrogant aunt 'Edna Everage' (this was before she became a lady). <br /> <br /> You know that this will not be the importance of Ernest when his censorship classification NPA stands for "No Poofters Allowed". The pom-hating bazza is told by a Sydney lawyer that he has to travel to England to inherit a share of his father's will to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna in tow, he receives a Quantas flight to Hong Kong and on to London. An over-efficient customs officer forces Bazza to pay import duties on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of "tubes from Foster's camp." He says, "When it comes to seducing you, the poms have a head start on the gyppos!". A skilled taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare by bringing Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge and then to Scotland. The streets of London are dirty and their hotel is a lodge run by a dodgy landlord (Spike Milligan) who puts Bazza in the electricity meter every 20 minutes with a £. However, there is some good news for our hero. He meets with other Aussies at Earls Court, and Fosters is available in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of weird escapades that keep Bazza away from his own cigarette advertising and curry lie down His pants in the belief that it's a form of aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as a pervert of the upper class who loves to be beaten up with a school uniform, a boys conservative dance in Rickmansworth to a charity rock concert, where his song about 'chundering' (vomiting) almost makes him an international star and finally to BBC TV Center, where he pulls his pants down on a live talk show hosted by memorable Crumpet himself, Joan Bakewell. A fire breaks out and Bazza's friends come to the rescue cans of Fosters. They urinate on the flames. <br /> <br /> This is a far cry from Bruce Beresford's later works - Breaker Morant and Miss Daisy Ride. At the time of publication, critics called it "too vulgar". Well, it is, but it is great too. Fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but his joie de vivre is unmistakable, you can not help but like the guy. His various euphemisms for urinating (point Percy on the porcelain) and vomiting (technicolor yawning) have become English without many people knowing where they come from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective who bouts Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later "Rock Follies") and even the future art moderator Russell Davies. A sequel - the wonderfully named Barry McKenzie holds on two years later. At its premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to blow up the critics who had stolen the first movie. Good for him. <br /> <br /> However, what must have been more of a concern for him was the release of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. There was also a lanky, hat-wearing Aussie who has a hard time coming to terms with a foreign culture. And tons of money earned. <br /> <br /> The song in the credits (played by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is great. They have a love a lyric containing the line: "If you want to send your sister into madness, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!". Time to finish this review. I have to go to the rabbits to shake hands with the unemployed ...
