I got a VHS box from my huge collection - many unseen - and picked a box-based movie. I thought that would be fun, and yes, bad. The jail had that cheesy look of the 80s all over this box. I sat down and watched, and behold! and lo and behold, we found out that sometimes we sit down with preconceived expectations of a movie. Fortunately, I quickly reversed mine, and I quickly realized that I was not just a good movie, but a pretty good movie. The prison tells the story of an old, run-down prison that has been reopened to save household worries. It looks scary, as if all were empty and full of prisoners. The imprisoned prison is incredibly atmospheric and by far the most important character in the film. The story, in which the prison is used as a central setting, tells in a prologue that a man was killed over the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - a crucifix is ​​demolished before the man is sent to his Creator. Then we go to the present day, first with a governing body at a rally that decides to open the jail, and send in a nice doctor to make sure the conditions are acceptable as they vehemently oppose the reopening of the prison old prison campaigned. Then we see the new overseer Lane Smith, who is being followed by a nightmare in bed - and the new task of opening a prison he has not heard in years. Well, the rest follows: Prisoners and guards arrive with many clichés. We get some character depth and some of the prisoners are interesting characters. Acting is better than you would expect from Lane Smith. Viggo Mortenson is a very different prisoner who is solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really explore the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is okay as a female lead. The best performer was Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, as Cresus - a prisoner who had been in the same jail years ago when the "man" had been executed with a terrible secret. The jail is not the next best bit of sliced ​​bread or anything like that, but it's definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect. I was pleasantly surprised how director Renny Harlin created such a visually atmospheric story. The film is tense and tense Pace and Harlin knows how to build his scenes. There are a few excessively twisted Gore scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit like the one with all the pipes. But these scenes are visually creative and interestingly uniformly decent: The script is actually much more coherent than you would normally get from films like this, thanks in part to Irwin Yablans, who wrote the story. Maybe you remember that he had the idea to make Halloween scary as a holiday. Here he makes the detention a lot scary than it already is. Give the jail a break (get it).
