There's a lot of material from the Modesty Blaise comics and novels that would be great in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts have been made and they have fallen short of the great potential in the figure. No, that's not the Modesty you get to know from the comic (currently printed in beautiful editions of Titan Books). This is Modesty about 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and from what you can put together from their backstory, it's exactly. <br /> <br /> Miramax had the film rights to the character, along with Quentin Tarantino as a lawyer and technical advisor. Previous designs in the Miramax project have attempted to adapt one of the best novels, but some important elements have always been left out. Tarantino was not satisfied with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project in order to proceed. For the honor of the studio, they wanted to keep him there, knowing that he "got" the character and their world. After the film rights had almost expired, they opted for a very different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty," a small direct-to-video movie in which the character is introduced. <br /> <br /> The film does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important to Blaise's adventures in most published stories. What this movie does is showing the strength of the character itself. She never loses her composure, and you never doubt that she is unarmed even in a room full of gangsters with rifles. Most of the movie is in a casino, which has undoubtedly saved money in production. It does not matter The movie does not look cheap. Instead, there is a fairly comprehensive (and credible) background story for the character, showing how far she thinks. Now, when Miramax adapts one of the comic stories or novels, they have nicely portrayed the background of the character and do not have to spend much time with their "origin". I realize that the words "direct-to-video" do not generate self-confidence, but this movie is worth a look.
