Absolutely tactical, weird (pay attention to the kinky moment of a gorgeous blonde acting as a pull-string puppet for rich people), futile but undeniably arresting late night function. This unadorned French production is a stew of confused, unfocused ideas and random plot illustrations that focus on the very charismatic stars (albeit somewhat against the heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. In fact, they can not do too much, especially during the narrow, long mid-range, where they hide in a building during the Christmas holidays to crack a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh, fun! However, this is the case when there is a strange relationship between Delon and Bronson's characters. After a manipulative will-struggle (and childishly clever games against each other), the two come to an agreement in which they respect each other and respect each other. This would play another role in the twisty second half of the story with this undetectable curve ball. Their encounters still indicate early on that there is more, but what we get is vague and this is due to the 'what just happens there?' End that may make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH! I am glad to get this out of the system. <br /> <br /> The tempo is awfully slow but measured serenely, and it seems to be intentionally done to exhaust with its nervous, nervous supportive tension. Watch as the same process is repeated over and over, and you know something is wrong, and the scheme eventually comes into play. Now everything that happens feels too spontaneous, but the peak of the payoff is haunting. The taut, complex script is probably a bit too smart for its own good, but there are some nice novelties (coins, glass and liquids that do not spill) and visual symbolisms. Jean Hermans direction is efficient and reserved, but somewhat artificial and an unwelcome icy atmosphere. The sound FX is more than a strong note, as that of Francois DeRoubaix 'funky score, which is mainly kept under lock and key after its crackling opening. The top drawers Delon (which is pretty steely) and Bronson (a funny twist) are solid and both work off enormously. Bernard Fresson takes the stance as an inspector who knows that more has happened than what is being done. An attractive female cast is supported by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A cryptically directionless but sophisticated crime drama maintained by its two leaders and some bizarre inclusions.
