Short summary <br /> <br /> This film begins with the release of soldiers from the company of men. One of them pursues another with a funny plan, which the other repeatedly rejects. Later both fall into an office building where they want to crack a safe during the Christmas holidays. The hostility turns into playful skirmish and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during the skirmish, they lose all drinkable liquids, so it's really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-oiled torsos they ram a hole in the wall and finally manage to escape. Only to find out that they were cheated and set up by women. One is caught, the other remains free and is not given away by his companion. One last meeting, one last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, farewell, friend. <br /> <br /> It was hard for me to see homosexuals in the two main characters played by classic He-Man superstars, Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to each other, their treatment of women is disgusting and contemptuous. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic undertone, a bit like liberation. It is also very stylish. The safe that the two men want to crack is in one ?? for the time ?? ultramodern tower made of glass and aluminum. It is the seat of an advertising agency, so there are many chic posters and wall coverings. The wardrobe is also very good. The ultra-stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car ever) is big in this movie. maybe a subtle way of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can only recommend this film for the performance of the actor. Delon and Bronson really share the top billing, in a way that seems very fair and athletic to me. Both have a considerable amount of acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he is really acting - and he speaks all French, with a strong accent that is very passable. And it's certainly the man we hear. (The French version is therefore strongly recommended). The police inspector who persecutes the two is being played by one of my favorite actors from the Franch series, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He is the best failed police inspector I know. Very good is also the former child actress Brigitte Fossey as a young Ingénue, which, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it first seems. <br /> <br /> Who expects the old in-an-out? "The film about classic Heist films could be disappointing, because for those who have some patience, this is a rewarding experience full of new and original ideas and directorial peculiarities, even if she's a bit too brutal and sadistic for herself.
