If you're already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's wonderful 1960s Modesty Blaise books, you'll really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen the movie "Modesty Blaise" from 1966, forget it! That was a camp. This is the true Modesty Blaise. The story and character are both true to the Modesty, who know and love the fans of the books. It's a long way from Joe Losey's 1966 travesty, and he takes our Modesty very seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and believable in the role, and yes, we see her butt. chuckle <br /> <br /> This is probably the first movie in a series, and as such, it serves to introduce Modesty, her childhood, and her time with praise. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O 'Donnell was the film's creative consultant, everything sounds really right. Even the story O'Donnell told how he designed the character is exactly as he told it. After reading all the books, I enjoyed the movie even more. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has retained the choice for Quentin Tarrentino, I hope to see more of Modesty's stories as soon as possible. Especially as the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes the character of Modesty really alive. To that end, I really hope that the film performs well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax ever plans to distribute the DVD in the US. I suspect that in the US in general sales is not going so well. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how the films are distributed. In history, Modesty is in her early 20s and works at the Louche Casino in Tangier. The Flashback sequences are elaborate and take Modesty from about 9 years through her teens to her current age in the movie - about 21-22, I suppose. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us Modesty fans she is already too strong in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is credible. She is very slim, graceful and balanced. She has many close-ups. She has a great face - one that will stay in your memory after the movie. According to O 'Donnell's Illustrator Romero, Modesty has a fuller figure than Staden, but I'm ready to miss that. If Staden continues the role, I think she will mature - just as Modesty becomes more powerful and experienced with age. Staden already conveys very well Modesty's humor and absolute security. Borrow this movie, it's not like anything you've seen, and although shot by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino touches, great tracking shots, lighting and well-crafted action sequences.
