This is the first Jean Renoir silent movie I've seen, perhaps rightly so, as he is generally considered his best movie and also his first major work. All in all, it's a very safe and tech-savvy film that denies the fact that it was just Renoir's second effort. For fans of the director there are interesting references to future Renoir films, notably THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in the depiction of a lower-class femme fatale made by various aristocrats who themselves For them - but also the RULES OF THE GAME (1939) - it shows in a sequence how the mangy servants behave when their lords' backs are turned away from them - and FRANCIAN CANCAN (1955) - Nana is seen at the scandalous dance in one place. Personally, I would say that the film G.W. Pabst's PANDORA'S BOX (1928), Josef von Sternberg's THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in his living replica of the dirty life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> After all this was said, the film was a resounding critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "crazy endeavor," as Renoir later referred to in his memoirs, which not only personally captivated him Fortune cost (he eventually relieved the resulting financial burden of selling) of some of his late father's paintings, but almost got him to give up the cinema forever! Stylistically, NANA differs significantly from Renoir's sound work and owes Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922) a special guilt, a film that Renoir greatly admired - and, personally, a film that I presto (with the cinema DVD of it and the others from Stroheims for 4 years). Anyway, NANA is certainly not without mistakes: A conscious pace is noticeable during the extremely generous 130-minute runtime, with some sequences (especially the horse race around the middle) are too long. <br /> <br The overly dazed acting style is sometimes hard to take - especially that of Catherine Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelains Georges Hugon (one of their various advocates) ... though technically they are their characters, ie a bad actress figure (who deals with the life of the courtesan when hatched from the stage) or an immature weakling. Like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (by the way, Renoir's wife, by the way) is just not attractive enough to be very convincing as an "epitome of elegance" (as another admirer describes her on one level), every man she meets to enslave. Other notable cast members are "Dr. Caligari" himself, Werner Krauss (as the most passionate follower of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (initially a skeptical but ultimately tragic admirer of Nana) and future outstanding film director Claude Autant-Lara (also referred to as Claude Moore) director here) as Muffat's close friend, but secretly in love with his neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The pressure I've looked at - about the "Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition by Lionsgate, is largely a lovingly restored and beautifully toned specimen that was previously only available on French DVD, it is based on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), and it is no different than several times The two most notable film versions are those of Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (along with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and the.) Ic h own VHS and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, who are unfamiliar to me).
