I loved this movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) reviews I've read over the years. This was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a great time with his role as Chandler Jarrell, and he never had to worry about what the critics say when he enjoyed it? and most of his audience enjoyed it! It was fun to see how it combined great fantasy tension with Mr. Murphy's great comedic style. You must remember that 'Golden Child' is a 'fantasy' movie? just an imaginative work of magic and wonder in the midst of the "real" world. When the movie was released, I worked in a video library. This was one of the most popular with all our customers. Every time we put this on our monitor, ALL copies we had done quickly with waiting list requests put it in the queue for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! I was the film critic and all my regulars would ask my opinion before they were hired. This was one of my favorites and I knew the tastes of my customers, so I recommended it to most of them. I really have the feeling that this movie is a sleeper? Did not do it so well at the box office? because of very bad marketing? But it later reached a peak in the video rental and buying market! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video store!). I loved the little boy who played the "Golden Kid"? J. L. Reate - but after watching his profile in IMDb, I noticed that he never made any more films. This is sad, because he definitely had an aura on the screen and could have continued a film career. I also adored Victor Wong, who played The Old Man (I loved him in his role as "Egg Shen" in "Big Trouble in Little China" - 1986). Anyway, this was a great movie. The only drawbacks that did not seem to fit the theme were some of the parts that became somewhat "adult" in nature. like Chandler's more sexual remarks about the serpent lady presented to him as a silhouette. It was funny, but it was still out of sync. OK, so there were some suggestive, unfounded scenes? These may have been used for the mindset of the day. This was still an adventurous and escapist film that we need today to escape the harsh reality and depressing fluff we were hit with from Hollywood. That's entertainment!
