I always feel strange and guilty to say it (because I'm a well-educated non-juvenile), but I like the Olsen twins and respect the movies they make, even though I've never really been them. "When in Rome" was a traditional Mary Kate and Ashley movie, complete with trips abroad, accents, motorcycles, romance for adults as a "B" story, fashion orientation and even the gimmick over the credits. I had a good time. "When in Rome" and the other Olsen twin films never pretend to be something they are not. Most of the time they only have premiere on video and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "An Affair to Remember". My point is, people who watch this movie and expect it to be something other than another Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> That means those who are fans of the Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. For those of us who have seen them since the first episodes of "Full House," it's really great to see them become more mature characters. This movie provides important historical and geographic information, as do many other films (remember 10 Downing Street from Winning London and the visit to the Louvre from Passport to Paris?) As well as good, clean fun is able to be enjoyed by the whole family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel like I'm in my soapbox, and as long as I can make it relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge them who reject the Olsen twins: To be a fan of the Olsen twins, you do not have to be a "teen girl" from California. In fact, that's not really the target audience. In this case, the MK & A fashion collection of clothing and accessories would be led through Gap or such a store, not through Wal-Mart. "When in Rome", though there is "high fashion" and "globe trotting" and two girls from a valley in Cali, is not really that ... it's more about inspiring young girls who have the initiative have to take care of them. If that means spinning the movie in a glamorous foreign city with cute guys on motorbikes, then so be it. This is marketing - you take an idea and sell it by making it appealing. At least they send good news, even if the funds seem a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> Do not hit the movie until you see it, and do not hit it until you try to understand what the Olsen twins are doing: encourage young girls, creatively to be, intuitive and driven young women. This film does that, I think, just like the others. Children - enjoy. Parents do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
