I thought that would be a great showcase for Mandy's body. If you expect nothing else, such as clever moves and credible character development, you will not be disappointed. Think of this as a Sports Illustrated shoot whose character drives around and kills people, especially those who threaten to get between them and their 'mommy' (Suzanna Arquette, who obviously does not want to play the sex kitten - she leaves it to her daughter ). <br /> <br /> Mandy's face is a bit too perfect, but her body is a complete 5-alarm fire, up in the Sophia Loren ranks, when it comes to natural bustiness, a perfect 7:10 ratio from waist to hip and beautifully configured legs to the feet. (There must be an ideal configuration of thighs, knees, calves and ankles, which is pleasing to the eye overall, Mandy is certainly the model for this idealized ratio). <br /> <br /> And no flat bottom to boot This seems to be the ruin of many busty babies with curves everywhere, except in the "lower hemispheres". Mandy might have used a doppelganger in the back of her mind when she lost her towel as she descended into the candlelit whirlpool with her Teutonized German Sacrifice, but after what I'd seen from her bikini shots The butt for that and did not need a double to prove it. Mandy's acting skills had little to do with her impression of a psychotic "Mommy's Girl," with the obvious erotic, lesbian overtones. Her bisexual nature (which after a long flirtation with German man # 2, who happened to be her mother's lover, tickled in the hot tub), added to an otherwise one-dimensional caricature of adolescent female lust that conflicted with her added an extra dimension to pathologically murderous impulses (always on the waterway with the men - the final fate of Latina's housekeeper was cut out in the TV version for some obscure reason). Mandy's over-Nordic facial features coupled with her Uber- A lush body can either be a blessing or a curse. If Mandy really wants to continue her career as an actress, I would advise her to immerse herself in Romance languages, especially Italian and Spanish - and maybe French, although I do not know if they would choose her type. However, this would enable her to reconcile her face with Bo Derek's Vida Guerra body - but perhaps her face is just too Nordic, and in a cheesy film she has shown too much of her extraordinary body to empowering her Michelle Johnson from the 1980s, whose former fame in Blame on Rio was followed by a series of skin movements that failed to break ground. <br /> <br /> Vambo Drule.
