Fighting against the death penalty is a just cause. Anyone who is healthy in Europe would mean that. Everything is different in the USA. The film seems to demonstrate in a first phase that justice can be won against the racist death penalty for capital punishment that demands American justice. A young man is freed from death row thanks to a law professor, who in this case returned to defense counseling. But the movie has a sequel. Justice in the US is determined solely by the goal of revenge. Misdirections are exactly the same thing that is ruled by revenge. A person in the local public prosecutor's office is being prosecuted for misrepresentation by a young man. This prosecutor drops the charges after a while and the young man is released. But he loses his college scholarship and is neutered by some vengeful people for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and vows to take revenge. But he must also satisfy his sexual needs, which are more mental than hormonal, but even more so, because they are mental and no longer hormonal and he can only do this with little girls. He is apparently working with another serial killer seeking the same kind of loot. One day, local policemen follow their intuition, led by vague and cumbersome elements in the murder of a young girl, and arrest the young man we speak of. They beat him up and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing but blows, phone books, weapons and Russian roulette. He confesses. Sent to death row, he asks his grandmother to bring the law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of the prosecutor's office, who had falsely prosecuted him several years ago and the revenge on the rails. It will fail, but it turns out that once someone leaves the line of justice, police, and other security forces from absolute legality, an unjust act is taken that can ruin even the best of charges and nourish the worst of deepest imaginable thirst for revenge. Charging someone for upheaval is just as bad as ruining the work of the police or the judiciary. The best intentions of the police are ruined by a certain personal commitment and vindictive intent, just as a person's life can be jeopardized by circumstantial elements puffed up on the evidence, which in turn jeopardize the whole case by being cumbersome, that is, easily rejected, by a good lawyer , The film is a profound reflection on the need to adhere to norms and regulations across the entire police and judiciary, if we do not want to make a mistake, which of course does not justify the death penalty, since that is the case anyway. The deepest belief Americans should have : "We take these truths for granted, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, including life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right Man has received from his creator, ie no one except the one who gave it, can take it away. Only God can take the life of a person. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power we do not have. Even if we do not summon God, we can only justify the death penalty as an act of revenge, and here the film shows that revenge is the worst motivation for the portrayal of justice and the creation of public peace. If vengeance is pushed aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And it can always be a mistake in this pursuit, not happiness, but revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
