A Threlling Thriller !!, 10 December 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from United States <br /> <br /> Cause only <br /> <br /> Performers: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <A liberal, though kindhearted, Harvard law professor, Paul Armstrong, is called to the Flordia Everglades by the unjustly convicted black guy Bobby Earl. When he condemns these sadistic, cold-hearted policemen, disrespects and beats him to a pulp to get the confession of a cruel murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he goes deeper and deeper into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That the black policewoman Lt.Tanny Brown from the small community is corrupt and mean. When the infamous psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is unveiled, he discovers that he knows the location of the murder weapon that slaughtered the little girl. When Armstrong discovers that there is a clear coincidence of Sullivan's road trip through the town and he personally writes the letter. Bobby Earl gets a renegotiation. Is released from prison and escapes his terrible punishment. Everything seems to be fine until an unexpected call from serial killer Sullivan has come into focus. Armstrong discovers a damned double murder that happened to be Sullivan's parents. He hates immeasurably from here. It turns out that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic murderer and he really raped and killed Joanna Shriver. He's just bargained with the devilish Psycho Sullivan. To save himself, so he could kill again for revenge. On Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Now Sullivan is executed until his death. Armstrong and a good, good guy Brown chases the evil villain into the Everglades to defeat him. When Armstrong arrives, he learns that the psychotic patient Bobby Earl intends to kill his wife and daughter for a past rape trial that inevitably left him suffering from castration. But good, virtuous cop Brown emerges and thwarts the brutal villain. He is stabbed and devoured by reckless, man-eating alligators. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. Delivers both a mystery and a subterfuge. How unwilling blacks are grieved by racist laws. They are sentenced to unfair punishments. Although sometimes the wrongfully convicted innocent, friendly black is in truth the evil villain. Sean Connery is great as the attentive, holier than you hero. Laurence Fishburne is strikingly amazing, the arrogant but good cop. Underwood and Harris are exaggerated and invigorating like the vicious psychos.Capeshaw is okay. Ruby Dee is great as a stubborn grandmother. The rest of the cast is also wonderful.
