This movie is really a mixed bag. For one thing, the story and concept of the film are really good, tense and have some nice twists and turns. But on the other hand everything is told very slowly, without style and without being involved. Nevertheless, I think "Just Cause" simply for an above-average thriller, simply because of the fine cast. <br /> <br /> Maybe Sean Connery was wrong in his role. I mean, he's not really credible as the "main hero" and father of a young daughter (incidentally played by a very young Scarlett Johansson) and Kate Capshaw's husband. I think he was just too old to really make the role believable. Sean Connerey is of course a great actor, and that's the only reason he can still carry the movie as well as he does. Of course, a solid line-up of actors like Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris will help. All the actors are really good, but some of them are heavily under-loaded at the same time, which is a pity and a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is great in his role as a psychopathic serial killer. He is really chilly and behaves brilliantly. Usually he does not play these reckless, deterrent roles in movies, so he really surprises with his role in the movie. His performance alone is reason enough to watch this movie. Due to the fact that the story is narrated without much style and too much formula, none of the characters in the movie work really well because they feel too far away that brings the film's full potential. Arne Glimcher conducts the film with little style and sometimes keeps the tempo too low. That's why we as a viewer never really engage with the story or its characters. <br /> <br /> It's too bad, because "Just Cause" had more than enough potential. A fine cast and a smooth story with unexpected turns in which nothing is as it seems. The cast and the story are the only reason why this film is still an above-average thriller that will probably still appeal to fans of the genre. However, it is an eternal shame that the film lacks in its history and style, or this movie could be a true classic in its genre. <br /> <br /> 7/10
