This is the fifth Trier movie I have seen. I think he's the only director I've given such a high score in all of his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave a 10, and one, The Idiots, I gave a 9 (and I thought twice about giving a 10 since I saw it for the first time, although I would like to see it again before I do). He was reprimanded for calling himself one of the best labor directors. I agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great films. In 50 years, when retiring from Trier, he is regarded as an outstanding film artist from Europe (possibly from the planet), and there will be lessons in his name. He is simply the miner or fellini of our time. It's too bad that the critics are too fascinated by themselves to notice that. <br /> <br /> I admit to Europe itself that this was confusing and that his narrative did not seem strong. I think that's the point. Obviously, this movie should be a nightmare or subconscious at a certain level. This becomes absolutely clear from the frame of the film: Max von Sydow's story. We are hypnotized or hypnotized by Trier, and this is our subconscious mind. I tend to lean more on his mind, since the humiliation of Europe affects me, an American, very little. This framing is also clear once you've seen The Element of Crime, an even more brilliant movie than this one (though I'd like to argue in my eyes: What Europe needs more than anything else is a proper release on DVD, hopefully Criterion again, with theater aspect ratio and remastered sound and image, then I'm pretty sure this movie looks so good like any other of Trier's In The Element of Crime, the movie starts with a hypnotist we actually see on screen this time Mesmerizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his emotional distress, the first words of this film are, "Fantasy is okay, but my job is to keep you up to date." And whenever Fisher, the narrator He is tormented by the hypnotist and asked to continue the story, even laughing when a character is really stupid and banal Line is given. Something like "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Well, Fisher, she did not really say that, did she?" <br /> <br /> The key to interpreting Europe is therefore almost a consequence of The Element of Crime that we are deep in our / by Trier's subconscious mind and the symbols are there in us to interpret and probably will be different for all , What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally and then discuss it externally. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I never got bored even though I saw it at 3 in the morning. Actually the perfect time to watch because it works in dream logic.
