Storyline: Max von Sydow's spokeswoman tells the protagonist (and audience) until 1945, when our protagonist, the young American ideologue Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), came to Germany just after the Second World War to rebuild the damaged land. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) supplies Leopold in the large Zentropa railway company, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); Daughter of Zentropa owner Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold will soon be caught in a web of corruption, exploited, loses his ideology and has to decide between Pest or Colera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, mesmerizing, manipulative, noiric, haunting, beautiful and ugly. These are some immediate, grandiose descriptions that come to my mind when you think of Lars von Trier's 1991 masterpiece EUROPA. the last chapter of the European trilogy. In the USA, ZENTROPA was renamed, so that the audience could not confuse it with the EUROPA EUROPA by Agnieszka Holland of 1990 (also a drama from the Second World War). The European trilogy also consists of 1984 FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and 1987 EPIDEMIC (the notorious experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals thematically with hypnotism and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as essential as the visuals. In the opening photo of EUROPA, we see a locomotive coming towards us, while our unidentified narrator literally mesmerizes us: "At a mental count of ten you are in Europe, be there at ten, I say ten." A metaphor for the ability of films to transport us into a subconscious dream reality. EUROPA uses a strange but highly effective visual style - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier. It is a black and white film that is occasionally interwoven with red blood, a red dress, etc. Rumor has it that Steven Spielberg used the similar effect in SHINDLER'S LIST from 1993 (coincidentally another drama of World War II). In addition, Trier uses so-called Dutch angels and reinvents the background projection by adding separately shot, interacting layers layer by layer. In contrast to the old Hollywood films, which contain this for economic reasons, Trier uses them, however, for artistic reasons. These carefully executed, weird looking visual techniques show that we are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized. The universe of EUROPE is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for balancing advanced techniques (such as multi-layered background projection) on plot and characters, but hey critics criticized Stanley Kubrick's visual masterpiece from 1968 of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, which now occupies a mandatory place. history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical impropriety. Apparently, Trier assigns too much historical significance to the Nazi werewolf terrorist group. According to various online sources, that's right (a fascinating topic - try Googl'ing yourself!), But Trier's intentions are neither pedagogical nor accurate. EUROPE is a never-ending nightmare. Leopold Kessler is mesmerized, so the universe the audience encounters is a distorted reality. Likewise, it shows how our memory misleads us - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young audiences experiencing EUROPE are too young to have memories of World War II, we have a collective memory of various BBC documentaries. So these little inaccuracies serve a purpose: They inform us that we are not in Germany 1945 after the Second World War, but in Leopold's memory. <br /> <br /> All three European trilogy chapters show young ideologues with noble intentions who are forced to commit corruption and lose their ideological innocence. The ambiguous ends of FORBRYDELSEN ELEMENT and EUROPE show that ideologues are forever caught up in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after the shooting of EUROPA 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-author Niels Vørsel were very interested in the Second World War. It shows. It is full of beautiful shots, which bring the atmosphere of the time to the point. A good example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last act of EUROPE. Like 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY, I think that EUROPA will get its well deserved place in cinematic history. Her method of getting rid of old love stereotypes and visual techniques of film love is so unique, alien and completely different from anything you see today from Hollywood or any other dream factory. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an essential film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write it off as mere commercial speculation, but that would be catastrophic. With other Trier classics and half-classics, such as 1984 FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT, the television series RIGET from 1993 and DOGVILLE from the year 2003, it is very high up. It's a unique experience before Trier took care of his actors, and before the Dogme95 manifesto. Look at it! "At ten ..." 9/10
