I was barely aware of the time in this 1971 Brazilian black comedy, which does not mean that it was not accessible to me because the movie makes it very clear. It is located in Brazil in the 16th century, where rival French and Portuguese settlers exploit indigenous peoples as Confederates to defend themselves in the struggle for dominance. The interesting thing about the film is that it is made from the perspective of the French by Portuguese. The hero is a sympathetic Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. The Portuguese makers of the film are objective, because once you have said and done everything, it makes no difference which side you are on. It's about heredity overwhelmed by the environment in a time strictly defined by tribes. Enemies are formed and perpetuated, and so environmental integration will never progress. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman is captured by the Portuguese and then captured by an indigenous tribe, the Tupinambas, after massacring a group of Portuguese. The tribe's shaman predicted that he would find a strong Portuguese man who finds cannibalization in revenge for the chief's brother, who was killed by a Portugeuse musket ball. I think the Frenchman is Portuguese, they think they have one now. Nevertheless, the French is granted an unrestricted run of the village, he gets sooner or later a woman and assumes his usual appearance rather than his western clothes or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that the prisoner is indeed Portuguese, and assures the angry Frenchman that he will tell them the truth if the Frenchman finds a secret treasure that another European has hidden nearby. <br /> <br /> I thought the opening scene was funny because her narrative with its contradictions on screen serves as a great satire, even though the film did not want to keep that tone much more often. It is not really a terribly exciting movie. The rich, essential locality, wild way of life and the mature native women not only make the Frenchman, but we also forget any threat, and we feel like he is a free man. It should not be so hard to escape. Cannibalism is as coveted as the full frontal nudity of occupation, proposed instead as the representative core of Pereira dos Santos' dry political cartoon of New World mythology and undeveloped social coherence. This 15th-century sociopolitical commentary filmed on-site in a 365-island bay was written almost entirely nude and almost exclusively in Tupi. It promotes the effective collapse of established methods that are current because they have been repeated for centuries.
