After a love triangle story in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were re-selected in this controversial movie. The film would have been considered a hit if there had been no controversy with the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here the director-Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique work compared to his previous and after directing projects. They are considered as thriller makers of Bollywood. But in this CCCC they have proven that they can manage to make a romantic family drama. There is hardly a single action scene when Preity was raped in her apartment by Salman's colleague. Salman hit him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all the standards and ingredients like song, story, casting, performances, etc. which are needed to make a movie hit. But for Salman's fan, of course, that was a surprise gift from him. Why? For so long has he made roles in which he has a scene in which he can show his open body and dance la-la-la. His role as a wealthy young businessman with a straightforward nature and a normal attitude is truly impressive. After all Madhubala, a prostitute role of Preity is amazing. Later, though she becomes thoughtful about her life, she deserves proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive and the focus is mainly on her. Her former role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as touching as here. Of course, this can be called improvement. Then Priya, a very innocent and helpless wife of Raj, who only depends on him for a better result. It has no strong influence in the story as the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, it is not completely impossible to take such a step in the search for a surrogate mother. Maybe many will happen in this big world, where they are kept secret. In this way, the scriptwriter of the CCCC has discovered a hidden truth that takes place in the daily lives of others. But it is still a doubt.
