CCCC is the first good movie in Bollywood from 2001. When I saw the trailer for the first time, I thought it would be a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan has shown the strongest performance so far. My family was not particularly fond of him, but after watching this movie, my family is very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film is a great success because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and falling in love. They marry and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya learn that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when they find out about Rajs Dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family one day play cricket and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to miscarry. Raj has a very close friend of the family, the doctor is Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can not have children anymore. Raj and Priya keep it quiet from the family. Raj and Priya opt for surrogacy. The surrogacy is that they will find a girl, and Raj and this girl will have a baby together and then hand the baby over to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completely. Raj tells Priya that he found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do that, and nobody finds out. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are all alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and everyone is happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala loves Raj and she wants him. What happens next? Take a look at CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like about this movie is their idea of ​​surrogate motherhood. They should have done it right in the movie, but it did not ruin the movie. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs of the movie are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Desmond Walon Ne", "Deewana Hai Yeh Man" and "Mehndi." The song "Mehndi" is very colorful, in which song Ghod Bharai is seen and very colorful 10/10!
