A few years ago a friend of one of his friends got a video with the Michael Mann movie "Heat". After we finished the movie and were about to get up, we saw that there was another movie shortly thereafter. The envelope of the cassette is hard and the owner did not write it down. Nevertheless, we were all stuck by his distinctive opening to our seats, which lacked credits. A few hours later I just sat there and asked myself: how could I not have heard this masterpiece yet? <br /> <br /> This movie was Europe. Lars von Trier awoke the film Noir from the dead, deconstructing the reality with intentionally obvious sets, but often the similarity to the German post-war photos was seen. And then the tricky cuts! <br /> <br /> The story itself is an elusive moral odyssey that has no happy ending. A young American pacifist of German descent comes to post-war Germany to pay for the bombs his compatriots have dropped. Mostly, however, he encounters mistrust and self-defeating defiance. He is involved with Zentropa, a company for food and sleeping cars (after Mitropa model), whose owner is one of the Nazi collaborators of the Occupiers. Our hero falls in love with his daughter, who later turns out to be a member of the werewolf of Nazi postwar terrorists. If he no longer understands the world (or not just the Europeans), he explodes in anger into a railroad bridge under a train he just saved. As a last note to the historical correctness: In the real world, the werewolf were nowhere as important as the film implies, they were mostly a definitive Nazi propaganda coup. After an SS unit murdered the mayor of Allied forces two months before the capitulation, the Nazis announced the creation of legions of saboteurs and terrorists ready to fight behind the lines, the werewolf. But only a few hundreds of mostly Hitler Youth received training, and while two or three times some were on duty to assassinate alleged communists or forced laborers in Bavarian villages, to impress the residents with lasting fear after Hitler died and the war ended everything broke apart. <br /> <br /> The werewolf propaganda, however, had a profound effect on the occupiers. They feared the werewolf everywhere and suspected that he was behind a serious accident - but invariably, another cause was later found (ignored by some pseudo-historians). For example, when the bomb attack exploded at the headquarters of the Bremen police or the Soviet military commander died in a motorcycle accident in Berlin. The effect was strongest on the Soviets, tens of thousands (mostly children!) Arrested "preventively" on suspicion of being werewolves and locked up in detention centers where many of them died.
