Successful and influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese examines a selection of his most popular American films, grouped by three different types of director: The director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F.W. Murnau, who, among other changes, developed new processing techniques that later made the sound and color appear; the director as a smuggler: filmmakers like Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and especially Vincente Minnelli, directors who hid rebellious messages in their films; and the director as iconography: The filmmakers who attack civilian observations and uprisings such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. He shows us how to do it The old studio system in Hollywood was oppressive, but the way in which film directors developed because of their political and financial limitations to the medium. During his clips from the films he shows us, we not only discover films we've never seen before, and also arouse what he sees. He rates his style sensations along with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie canon was called snobbery, so some movie fans and critics prefer to simply create "lists". Canon, however, only means "the best" and supporters of the film. Kanon argues that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience a select compilation of the "best" films, much like the biggest hit tape, if only as an opening scenario for film students. All in all, experience has shown that all writing about film, including reviews, serves to construct a movie canon. Some movie guns can be elitist, others "populist". For example, the list of the 250 best movies in the Internet Movie Database contains many films that are included in several "elite" movie channels, as well as current Hollywood blockbusters, which include many "elitist" films like The Dark Knight, which are currently in the top Ten mix, mock in the midst of the first two Godfather movies, Schindler's list and One flew over the Cuckoo's Nest, and the variation of similar productions below, such as Iron Man, Sin City, The Hard, The Terminator, and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Writers Scorsese taxi driver Paul Schrader has called his canon directly as "elitist" and considers this to be positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese never speaks much about his social and political ideologies, but about us. If you see this intense and admittedly obsessive history lesson on the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological areas, we see that neither elitism nor populism really have any special virtue. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition and thus power on those who are considered outstanding. This discrimination could easily lead to overemphasizing the condescending work of Jean-Luc Godard or the productions of a filmmaker like Michael Haneke. Populism, however, relies on the conviction of representative freedom that it is only the assertion of popular will. As has been said in connection with people's widespread misunderstandings about cinema, populism could be the end of the potential power and potential impact of cinema. You can only watch movies because it is an important social and metaphysical practice. Martin Scorsese spends almost four hours telling us something we can not say without being seen.
