When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to design the American part of his Century of the Cinema series, he seized the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American films is a fascinating, far-reaching and, as the title says, a very personal view of Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Scorcese's story is mainly about Hollywood directors. Actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators are barely mentioned. He explains from the beginning that the main conflict in the film industry for him is between the director's vision and the winning motive of the distributor, between art and commercial viability. He even begins with a clip from Vincente Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This specifies the structure for the documentation. Scorcese explores how obscured genres and clichés, how Mavericks challenged the production code, and how certain filmmakers fell out of favor when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never succumbs to the auteurist trap of rejecting directors who consistently please the studio bosses (he praises Cecil B. De Mille) or those who had a less recognizable style but were still masters of the cinema /> <br / > Scorcese does not necessarily focus on his absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's biggest influences, are mentioned only marginally). Instead, he looks at the people and the films that serve to tell his story. For example, he shows us a series of John Ford films to show how the West has developed. He shows the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most frequently cited documentary director) to show how a supposedly healthy genre like the musical could have dark undercurrents. I imagine that if this task were not limited to America, Scorcese would have liked to talk about it too, for example about his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. As he is, he extends the definition of American films to include both the Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder, and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American-born filmmakers. like Stanley Kubrick's. <br /> <br /> Instead of just telling the story of Hollywood in chronological order, Scorcese compares films from different epochs to deal with different topics. In his section on cinema's language and tools, he begins with DW Griffith, looking at the coming of sound, color, and widescreen, and inevitably turns to computer-generated effects, which, though scorcese do not interest them, he even passes to clips from George Lucas and to contain Francis Ford Coppola who defend them. He does not end the chapter just as if it were the end. Instead, he spins back to the 1940s to show how low-budget horror like The Cat People can deliver effective results from the simplest and cheapest items. A personal journey through American films must be one of the best documentary films. There were a number of brilliant directors and images that I would never have discovered without them, and even the most seasoned film fans would probably find something new in their broad spectrum. Scorcese has also restored the balance to forgotten or undervalued images. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter "Iconoclasts", he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me, his two most underrated films. Scorcese's respect for the medium is reflected in the way clips are played in their entirety, rather than just giving us tiny bits. He interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archive and new interviews) only when needed. There is a certain inclination towards the 40s and 50s, but that hardly surprises, as Scorcese grew up in this time and discovered the cinema. And I do not think that this documentation could have been achieved if it had not been a personal journey. <br /> <br /> A word of caution, however, when you look at certain pictures in detail, this documentation contains a lot of spoilers.
