For people who are interested in business and business, this fair is simply the best of the best. One of the show's former participants wrote in his blog about this innovative show: People in Business finally had an audience. The whole idea is perfect. a group of business people competing in business, the best place in the world, New York City. Donald Trump is perfect as a boss, even though his ego is greater than the infinity of the entire universe. He also makes many questionable decisions about who to fire. This is one of the negatives of the series. Season 1: Big season in total, the best season of the "normal". This season was all about actual business skills. Later, the series drowned in marketing-related tasks with far too many product placements. Great and interesting participants overall with the most likeable character of all time: Troy. I know that I'm not the only person who suspects the Trump World Tower episode he was fired at was manipulated for Amy and Nick to accomplish this particular task. Season 2: Also a great season. The tasks were still pretty good and there were many interesting participants. Jen M was terrible and never made it to the final, IMO. This season also had the worst shot ever (Pamela). <br /> <br /> Season 3: Terrible. Actually, I liked the concept of book smarts versus street smarts, but the cast was so terrible (it turned out Trump hated the cast as well) that the entire squadron was a total disaster. The best moments were the second episode (motel renovation), in which Prime Minister fired Brian, a guy who just added a huge amount of comedy scores. Season 4: An excellent season, very interesting and entertaining participants this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the total catastrophe whose name was Toral). The episode "Bring me into the boardroom" is one of the absolute classics of this show and ends with the well-known quadruple shot. I think we were in for the final of Randall Vs. Alla deprived. I think Trump was worried that she could have won, and prevented that from happening. <br /> <br /> Season 5: A boring season with nothing really special. Brent was just embarrassment, obviously only meant to create drama. The tasks were terrible overall (how does creating a jingle have anything to do with the business?). I think the best man won, but I personally do not care. <br /> <br /> Season 6: I can understand why they wanted to try LA as the show's new showplace, but in retrospect, the case was a mistake. New York will always be the place to do it. This season added so many new things, most of which were terrible (for example, if you lose a team that has to sleep in tents outside, the winning Prime Minister is still PM.) The tasks were terrible and Trump also chose the wrong winner James has certainly earned it. <br /> <br /> Season 7: Celebrity Edition: Best Season Ever: Completely different rules (like the use of Rolodexen), but all fun and entertainment.The biggest problem was that many the participants were not really celebrities at all, especially the women, with whom I was completely unfamiliar except Omarosa, who is a total disgrace for everything she joins in After being completely ridiculed during the Kodak assignment, another one appeared Man out of the shadows: Piers Morgan Never before has anyone dominated a season as he has, crushing his opponents and being a guy with a strong sense of humo r (although some American Americans (and of course not all Americans who do not misunderstand me) did not have the social skills to understand it). WAY TO GO PIERS !! <br /> <br /> For fans I recommend the British version with Sir Alan Sugar as boss. In fact, the British version is much better, and that says something, since the American (and original) is really a great show. One thing about the British version is that people usually behave like decent people in the boardroom, as opposed to the constant screaming and rude behavior that takes place in the US version.
