The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" shows that the traditional job interview and resume do not necessarily predict teamwork, task accomplishment and job performance. And they certainly do not reveal any hidden plans. In other words, a good indicator of the potential could be to get an applicant into action, which is the point "The trainee". People struggling for a corporate position can present a sugar-coated CV and attract their best personality for the job interview, but this is not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance. <br /> <br /> Coming soon, The Apprentice brings together 16 candidates who are struggling for the ultimate career opportunity: a position in real estate magnate Donald Trump's investment company. "The Trainee" refers to the winner, who wins a salaried position, learns the art of high-deal dealings from the master himself and presumably builds first-class business relationships. The position is a dream for anyone who wants to make more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To attract the candidates, Trump shows his private plane, his private luxury apartments full of statues and works of art, his limousines, his connections to celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete against each other. Everyone has a company name like Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. The teams are assigned tasks that involve an entrepreneurial undertaking, such as: As the creation of advertising, the sale of goods or negotiating. Teams select a project manager who provides the leadership and organizational skills to accomplish the task. When they win, the manager gets a lot of recognition, especially in the eyes of the referee. If they lose, the manager can also become the scape goat. Some tasks are monumentally difficult, as only one or two days are needed. Tasks may include creating a television ad or a print ad. Others may involve selling in a retail store or on the street. <br /> <br /> The tasks bring out the best and the worst among the participants. They often show immediately who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable and who works hard. And the tasks also show who is not a good team player, who is inefficient and who just looks for himself. The tasks always show unexpectedly the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and especially of the project manager. How well the manager communicates with the team, how the delegates work, how to organize the time, and how to set specific goals largely determines the outcome, but it does not necessarily determine the winner. <br /> <br /> The most revealing aspect of a person's potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Their real abilities, as opposed to their self-augmented abilities, immediately show through the veneer, which can not be concealed by a $ 100 silk tie or a nice makeover. Leadership skills and / or weaknesses often become apparent within a few minutes. Those who set themselves up as leaders are not always as strong in a real leadership situation. It's always easier to "tame your own horn" than to actually take the lead. Project managers, even those who are among the winning teams, often do not formulate a cohesive strategy. They often believe that it is more efficient to dive into the first minute from the first end of the task instead of organizing and discussing how the task is done. Most of the time, members of a badly strategic team run around like headless chickens who find out as they progress, and in the long run, they waste a lot more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team gets a taste of the upscale life. Dinner in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet and / or meeting celebrities. The losing team comes into the dreaded boardroom, where Trump hears the lame apologies of the members and shoots one or more of the participants like a chessboard from the "chessboard" with the now infamous "You're fired". Often, the project manager is partly responsible for losing the team and may be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week at least one person from the losing team becomes a victim. <br /> <br /> My least beloved aspect of "The Apprentice" is the boardroom. While the tasks themselves highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often brings out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a loser team, even if the competition was tight. Members of the defeated team often blame themselves ruthlessly who was to blame. And sometimes more than one person is fired. I rarely see a losing candidate taking responsibility for his actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were possibly the only candidates to take full responsibility for their team's losses and not receive recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the highest integrity of all candidates. Trump, however, regarded Kristi as weak and dismissed her by claiming that she was not standing up for herself, meaning he valued the ego more than integrity. Nobody should sacrifice his integrity for that. Kristi Frank may not have become an apprentice, but she can live with herself and know that she has not wrongly blamed others. Is not that worth as much as "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of "The Apprentice" is also its weakness. As the team performance of winners and losers is rigorously evaluated, other evaluation options are overlooked. Apart from large gaps between the winners and losers, an inferior team can sometimes stand for a high level of teamwork and efficiency. I've seen losing teams sometimes better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook the excellence.
