In this pool, this pond there are water lilies and frogs. Frogs are sitting on water lilies. The frog and the water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming group in love with Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the captain of her team. Floraine's teammates avoid their leader because the overly curvy and well-proportioned blonde conveys a casual personality that betrays the syncrhronized swimmer's mindset of conformity and discipline. But Floraine has a secret. The bomb has a bomb that visually reveals "naissance des pieuvres" to the audience before confiding in Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine has never gone, as they say, all the way with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party we see a double picture of the budding bombshell checking her makeup in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a mirage. Marie gets to know Floraine's double, while her imitation breaks the heart of the water lily. While the frog performs the movements of the fly-catching, he becomes miserable with the water-lily when no one sees. In the film's most stunning scene, the water lily agrees to help the frog lose its virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants guys to like her, but she does not seem to like boys, but it's more important for the frog to be popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog can not turn into a water lily or a princess because the water lily has lost the respect of the frog. After her lips have opened, Floraine says to Marie, "See, it's easy," the frog equates her kiss with the orgasm that her friend has given her as nothing but a rite without any strings. Floraines beauty is a burden. She carries the weight to meet the boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie for a last pull before her mirage submits her imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> The other water lily, the other frog, Marie's best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraines frustrated toy Francois (Warren Jacobs) have a parasitic relationship just like every water lily and frog. While Floraine uses Marie out of love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But that's life; This is the betrayal of growing up, with even a friend addressing a good friend when the opportunity arises to bring the food chain up. In a McDonald's the water lily chops the other water lily, after she has bathed extensively in the afterglow of the frog. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie can decide, because Anne is not ugly, but overweight and has a little flattering hairstyle. Anne tries to defend herself by using her breasts in retaliation (Happy Meal's magnifying glass accidentally comments on Marie's flat chest), but the tadpole (Marie thinks she's better than Anne, better than a water lily) indicates that her Breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be brutal on each other. <br /> <br /> Later in the last shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" indicates that Marie also has a double and this symbiosis goes down. Water lilies may become parasitic in the near future, if not already. Teenage girls can be brutal in ways that no boy can bring.
