It sounds like it should be a biography of Claude Monet, but it's a very focused story about the relationships between three adolescent girls in a French synchronized swim team. There are no parents or teachers to talk about, no school, and the boys are portrayed by a peripheral figure, the rickety Francois, who pervades the story from time to time, always confused. Pauline Aquart is the youngest of the three who just aspired to join the team she admires so much. She looks funny somehow. She's still out of her adolescent growth spurt and has long, bony limbs, big feet and no dirt to talk about. She is prognostic and wears these clumsy, pursed lips. After a while, their appearance grows on you and from certain points of view, it can be fascinating. Adele Haenel is older - more, well, physically developed. What a glamorous figure she wears in her swimsuit, strolls around, teases the boys and swings her long blond hair. But she does not seem to be that way. Or is she? I could not quite understand it. The French have long paradoxes and little consistency. No wonder Francois is always sniffing for her. <br /> <br /> In Louse Blacheres character, there is not so much ambiguity. She's also on the team, but she's stupid and simple and sensitive about it and has a strong sense of Francois. Blachere is a good actress and contributes to the carelessness of the character through her performance. <br /> <br /> The film deals with the relationships between these three, which means intrigue, deceptions, hidden feelings and everything else we are means working with young girls who spend a lot of time together. This is of course a sensitive topic. It becomes more difficult during the gradual development of a homoerotic relationship between Pauline and Adele. Not that you should assume that this is a soft porn. The only nudity we see is much less than a turnaround, and what a bit of sex under the duvet covers is, sometimes literally. <br /> <br /> I do not think I want to get into the plot or its analysis too much, partly because it is more suggestive than expressed through action, partly because it's complex and partly because I'm not sure if I got everything. <br /> <br /> Let me give you an example. OK. Adele is the girl the others envy. She is also quite distant and self-satisfied. In addition, she seems to support every boy and man in sight, if she can be of use to her, from the pretty but stupid Francois to the bus driver she wishes to please. She brags carelessly with her expertise in fellatio. When Pauline approaches her to join the swim team, Adele uses her as a lookout for the stakes with the boys. A superior and selfish narcissism, you know? But then the brutal slut takes the skinny Pauline under her wing and reveals to Pauline that she is still a virgin. "Really?" Really. Pauline approaches Adele and Adele finally admits that she wants to free herself from her hymen, and she wants Pauline to do it for her. Pauline, now sexually drawn by Adele, does the job with muted serenity. NOW Adele really wants to do it with a man who is preferably older and experienced. So she brings Pauline to a boite where she dances seductively with a guy until she follows Pauline into the guest bathroom. The two girls stand there and stare at each other, without a sexually interested interest in the other was revealed. But Adele is so close that Pauline slowly loosens her own rein, holds her up and kisses Adele on the lips. Adele returns with a smile and says, "Now that was not so bad, was it?", And then goes back to the club. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty accurate description of what's going on between Pauline and Adele - but what the hell is going on? At first, Adele treats Pauline as an irrelevant child, later as a close friend, then as a potential lover - and as soon as Pauline answers, Adele starts off contentedly. Does she use Pauline the way she seems to use men? Does Adele know that she now has another person in involuntary bondage? I dont know. <br /> <br /> I disobeyed Louise Blachere as the third member of the trio, the simple and over-mature wallflower, whose expression always points to bafflement, but which is at least heterosexual through and through to liberate herself from that loud virginity but I just skipped them for space reasons. <br /> <br /> Should you see it? By all means. (Just compare it to the typical American movie about high school kids.) For men, some of whom have never intruded on feminine mysticism, this may give you an idea of ​​what middle-class looks like.
