Water Lilies is a well-made first film from France about young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma uses a special, slightly-disinfected material that is as daunting to some as it is to others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class girls in a tidy new Parisian suburb. Their lives revolve around a large indoor pool, where two of the three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. <br /> <br /> Such distractions as parents, siblings, work and school were carefully taken out of the equation. The central sensibility belongs to the attractively grumpy but skinny Marie (Pauline Acquart), who does not belong to the team, but thinks she would like to. Marie adores Floriane (Adèle Haenel), a seductive blonde and an outstanding team the boys are looking for. This leads Marie from her former best friend, who is also a member of the water ballet team, the somewhat clumsy Anne (Louise Blachère). To be less special, Anne is really accessible to the boys. Floriane promises like this movie a bit more than she really offers. Marie has the more essential quality for a young girl: she suffers internally. Flroiane does not suffer so much as jumping in situations and then whistling. <br /> <br /> Marie is dazzled by the glamor of the water ballet and Floriane. Floriane takes advantage of this to make Marie her slave and a cover for her tasks first, then, with no other friends, as her confidante. All the other girls think Floriane is a slut, an illusion that encourages them in the men and boys she teases, because she leads them on. She suffers from the fate of the pretty girl, not being a person but an object, and she can not resist the affirmation the boys give her by kissing and sleeping, but she does not really care about one of them them and they know complications with them are a trap. He hired Marie to act as her buddy so that her (unseen) mother would not know she was going to meet boys. She also gets Marie to save her from the boys later. At first it looked the other way around, but Floriane needs Marie just as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne remains uncomfortable with her body and the desire to move, which is earthier and more realistic than those of the other girls. <br /> <br /> Sciamma keeps all external relationships in check and can emphasize subtle shifts in the delicate equation of the three girls' goals and interactions. On the other hand, the water madness of the movie, which involves a lot of showering and spitting as well as underwater swimming, sometimes feels completely airless, and some of the 95 minutes do not go by so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and sometimes lets the trio forget about its ubiquitous goals and evasions, and just do stupid, pointless girl stuff. It's the unusual moments that bring the movie to life. too bad that there are no more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of her obsessions and what remains when leaving the theater are the personalities and their dynamics. On the way, of course, it's nice to watch swimming and look at the girls, who, understandably, love to look at themselves. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or great drama on the way, but things get a little more interesting when it turns out that Marie not only admires Floriane, but really loves her and is jealous of her friends - The Floriane always loves to stop before they go all the way. In a typical irony of this kind of plot, Floriane actually decides to have her first proper sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who holds back because she knows that Floriane does not have the meaning she will have to her. If it happens, it's a shy, mechanical affair. Meanwhile Anne is very much in love with Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course he's after Floriane. Boys are not an element that has been pulled off, and it always seems to be several dozen by the pool or on the dance floor, but it's just bodies and faces, available studs.
