The meaning of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "the birth of octopi", is rather dark, so it is not surprising that it was marketed in English-speaking countries as "water lilies" "Lilies" of the English title are the three teenage girls Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team in the Parisian suburbs.The film is a coming-of-age drama about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> An unusual feature of the film for a film of this kind is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the young people themselves, we see nothing of their parents or their teachers, and very little of the world of Adults The three girls look very different and are portrayed as very different.The shy, receded Marie is slim and petite and seems the most recent to be one of the three. Anne is something of a simple Jane, Floriane is a glamorous blonde who is very popular with the boys. The three of them, along with a handsome male swimmer named Francois, are involved in what might be called a love square. Anne has fallen in love with Francois, but he seems to be related to Floriane, who seems to return his affection, although he is by no means her only male admirer. In fact, not all admirers of Florianiane are male because Marie has a crush on her attractive girlfriend. The film shows how their friendship develops; At first it seems that Floriane Marie simply uses it as a convenient excuse when she actually goes out to meet boys; Her parents may object to her dating guys, but do not mind going out with girlfriends. Later, however, we find that despite her image as a sexy, popular girl, always at the center of male attention, she actually reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film uses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather stocky character, looks typically "butch" but is the only one of the three main characters that is clearly heterosexual, whereas the more feminine Marie and the glamorous Floriane are lesbian or at least bisexual <br /> <br Coming-of-age movies are common enough, though most of them avoid the controversial topic of teenage lesbianism. However, "Water Lilies" deals sensitively with her subject, with three very good performances by the three leading actresses Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, especially those between Marie and Floriane, are complex and can be interpreted in different ways. (For example, does Floriane simply use sex for sex or do she really have romantic feelings for her?) Could Floriane's sloppy behavior with Francois and the other boys be just a means to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world, or even hide from herself ?) This was the first movie made by his young director Celine Sciamma (then only 27). On this basis, she must be regarded as a promising newcomer. 10.7
