I saw SHORE LEAVE the other day. I have seen it so many times and never get tired. Strangely, every time I look at it lately, I come back the first time I've seen it. Including this time. Must this feeling of mystery be and "What's going on here?" about that. Oddly enough, part of the story, which was ALWAYS uncomfortable and uncomfortable for me, actually had a HUGE effect on me this time - Ruth. I think much of it was Gerald Fried. A true masterpiece! The romantic part has been used extensively in THIS PAGE OF THE PARADISE. But of course it debuted here. I have the impression that of all the girls she has known over the years, Kirk was the "cutest". When she said, "Do you have to go?" Along with the music, I could really feel the pain she felt she could not let him stay with. Someone commented online that Ruth looked older than he was, although she should not have aged in 15 years. What makes me think ... Maybe she was one of the teachers at the academy. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (Maybe he was thinking about it in "MIRI" when he told Janice, "I'll never go into older women." Maybe he meant, "... more.") ST reads the other day, I see where somebody is WHAT ARE LITTLE GIRLS WITH I, MUDD. But it seems that SHORE LEAVE should be there too. What are all these "humans", if not androids? "The Old Ones" from the earlier episode? Whoever he is, he seems to be one of the rare cases in ST where you have a race that is actually "superior" rather than just thinking that it is you Yeoman Barrows seems to be for Yeoman Rand. When you consider how much attention Dr. McCoy looked at her, this is just another frustrating example of a potentially good character that appears once and never reappears! /> <br /> One thing missing from the last few I saw here was Spock smiled. He was! I saw him. I really prefer to know that there are two sides I go all the time, instead of this "sunken" business. When he said, "Enjoy it, sir." In the beginning, one could see that he not only addressed his senior officer but spoke to his friend. And in the end, when he unnecessarily says, "Totally illogical!", I can not help but believe that he is doing it to provoke a reaction. He does not smile or laugh, but I think he likes it when his other crewmembers are happy around him.
