This is a romp; Many Trek fans do not rate this as high as the well-known classic episodes of all time, as they lack the deep meaning or undertone of this truly great, but this is as well executed as it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always does my personal list of the dozen episodes of the top half, no matter what mood I am in. Several well-known future movies ("Westworld") and TV shows (the somewhat fatter "Fantasy Island") had their impact the premise of this episode (then the TNG show reworked the concept with holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed (especially evident in the restored version and on DVD) and filmed, it plays in the beautiful park-like environment of a planet the Enterprise has just come to. It's strange that no animal life seems to exist here, no insects (such as pollinating flowers, for example), but it gets odd when members of the landing party see people from their past (Kirk has a human-heavy past, it turns out) as well as characters from other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-style police troop (no doubt an extension of his collection of sword collectors). By this time in the Trek series (half of the first season), the main characters had pretty much frozen to the old friends we had met over the many years. Here we can really relax, entertain and collaborate to find out the mystery of this episode: The powerful narrative is already a mystery, and the audience is there, while Kirk and his friends want to solve a very bizarre puzzle a series of events, who have a very amusing character. It's almost bizarre, following the careless style of the spaceship, when Kirk was finally moved downwards after lowering signs of stress and fatigue (the Enterprise had just completed a daunting mission, it would have suggested). Then Dr. McCoy killed by a knight on horseback; Yes, that's the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... just kidding. However, it is no joke for the rest of the landing party at this point in the story. McCoy is truly dead in every way, and like the best trek episodes, the second half of the adventure escalates to a more hectic, desperate pace of action and excitement. This is signaled by Kirk's resolute response to Sulu, who voices his misunderstanding of one of these events shortly after McCoy's death - Kirk will investigate all that, whatever comes. <br /> <br /> But it does not get much easier for Kirk: what follows is probably the longest-staged Mano-a-Mano fight for the series, while Kirk fights with his archenemy from his academy, a fight, which apparently extends over half the planet. However, this is offset by scenes of extraordinary tenderness and another Kirk friend in the past. This episode extends beyond all human experience and adapts to what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that has happened, in contrast to some nonsensical approaches that pervade many other fantasy and science-fiction series with similar plotting lines (inexplicable appearances of people who could not possibly be there). And there's actually a subtext to the story - that we humans have to "work" our tension and fatigue in a certain way, or we just do not work in a "normal" natural way. Note also the appearance of the very cute Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return until '79 in the first Trek movie. I believe that after this episode even more trek fans could wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with one last, perhaps exciting, thought: If McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how do we know then that it was our real McCoy beaming back to the ship? Perhaps this explains why, about a century later, McCoy inspected spaceships and got on very well with Data.
