Another episode from childhood, which I look back on as an adult from a different perspective. This was one of my favorite episodes from my childhood, one that really consolidated my worship of this show. Looking at this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is definitely one of the easier ones to play with laughter and entertainment, rather than the dramatic and well constructed storylines of the previous episodes of this first and best season. Maybe this episode was also written for a little fan R & R! As Mr. Spock would say, the story is simply not logical, but there are some amusing lines, as, of course, Mr. Spocks last at the end - if he asks the captain, McCoy and others, if they answer their R & R and you with a In the affirmative answer, he raises an eyebrow and says "Fascinating ..." just the way Mr. Spock can do that. An interesting action, of course, is the idea that an amusement park is actually amusing (instead of the fake and often annoying "amusement" of, for example, Disneyland) that its wishes can actually come true. Really a great idea, but not so well executed. And of Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great SF short story writers they used in season one, one wonders how much work was done on the script that Sturgeon recorded. Well, here's a little worth knowing about this site: In 1987, James Gunn founded the Theodore Sturgeon Award for Best Science Fiction Short Story. I quote the rest of this page: In 1968, he wrote {Sturgeon} "The Joy Machine," a third screenplay for the Star Trek television series {Amok Time, the Other}, which was never filmed. The main reason that it was not used in the series is that it contained expensive special effect sequences that would be too much for your budget. However, the script was adapted into a book by sci-fi writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published in 1996 by Pocket Books. <br /> <br /> I would like to summarize This episode is still very enjoyable, especially if you do not think too much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it, and in the next episode, we can return to the serious stuff of protecting the universe.
