Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but faulty scientist. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon), who finally finds out how he can make things visible after being invisible from his own serum. They test the serum on an already invisible gorilla and it works perfectly, Caine and his assistant team celebrate, but while he should announce the breakthrough to his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first invisible human. He manages to convince his team to help him. The process works well and Caine becomes invisible. However, if they try to bring it back, the serum will fail and it will remain invisible. The team is desperately looking for an antidote, but nothing works. Caine slowly begins to lose reality as he realizes what power he has, but he can not lock him up in a lab. But on the other hand, he's invisible, he can do anything he wants ... <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Paul Verhoeven, I liked Hollow Man better. You know, it's just after Christmas. I saw this a few hours late evening / early morning cable TV. And worst of all, not because of the movie, but because of the chocolate and bubbly pop I had in the past week, I'll be brief. The script of Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent pace, but draws in the middle a bit and has a good basic requirement. You have to assume that invisibility will drive you crazy like the original The Invisible Man (1933) movie that Hollow Man obviously owes a lot. It creates a small successful mix of horror, sci-fi and action and offers a good entertainment value for 110 odd minutes. I thought the characters were alright, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, though it's common knowledge that Verhoeven is not acting in a subtle way. The first thing he expects from the invisible Caine is sexual abuse of a team of his team. When he then comes to the outside world, he rapes Caine a woman with the authority "who will know", which Caine says to himself. Then of course there is the Gore, he shows how a rat is torn apart. This is just the opening scene after the credits. To be fair, the violence this time is a bit meager, but it still has a rather unpleasant and sadistic tone. Apart from the fact that I love horror / gore / exploitation movies that Hollow Man delivers for me, it's just that it could not be for everyone. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a great job, or should that be the case. Special effects boys make him look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less flawless, they are brilliant and it's so easy and straightforward. There are also some good horror and action sets here, even though the climate fight is a bit over the top. I love the effect that Kevin Bacon disappears layer by layer, with veins, organs, and bones in full show, or when the opposite is the case with the gorilla. There are a few bloody moments, including a rat being eaten, someone being impaled on a thorn, and someone having opened his head with blood spattering results. <br /> <br /> With an incredible budget of about $ 95 million, Hollow Man is technically flawless. I can imagine the interviews on the DVD, in which some boffin special effects were claimed to depict Bacon's entire body down to the last vein, which they actually did, because you know every viewer will notice if one of his veins is missing or is in a wrong position is not it? The acting was fine, Bacon was made for a good, crazy scientist, who was directed against a hero. Hollow Man is one of the big Hollwood Extravaganzas where the effects and actions are at the heart of any meaningful story or character, but to be honest we're all in a movie sometimes, I know it. Good, solid, cheap entertainment with a slightly nastier and darker series than the usual Hollywood product.
