It seems that many IMDB comments on this film are biased, in the sense that they are trying to compare it to an older version. "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of "THE INVISIBLE MAN", but here ends the similarities. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining movie. If you are watching a movie with the intention of finding as many mistakes as you can, you should not watch movies. True, some movies are just terrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and make you think what you would do if you were invisible and your ex was being merged with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon plays a prominent role as an eccentric scientist who, along with a team of co-workers, discovered the way to make animals invisible. Now it is his job to make them visible again. If this team of young scientists (which, as you may work for the Pentagon) think they have the formula to make animals visible again, volunteers to Kevin Speck, who is the first to try the new experimental drug. After that, of course, everything goes awry, as Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the movie and needs to wear a latex mask so his staff knows where he is. Feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take over Kevin's character, and when he finds out that his former girlfriend AND colleague (Elisabeth Shue) has a fierce affair with another young scientist on the team, he finally snaps. The movie then becomes a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a Slasher movie, but that does not mean it's a bad turn. There is fear and chills and the movie moves at a good pace. The special effects are first-rate (a quality that is always prevalent in ALL Paul Verhoeven's films), as we see some body reconstitution sequences that have never been seen in a movie before. If there is something to complain about, perhaps the predictability of the situations described here; In the first hour of the movie, you know that Kevin Bacon will make the leap from weird and eccentric to a murderous maniac in the end. And the end is a bit abrupt, but still HOLLOW MAN is still worth seeing. If you want to know what a really bad movie is, then you are wasting your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or the even worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). THAT is "hollow" now! 8 * of 10 *!
