The spoiler alert is for those who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes happen before their eyes, though I do not mention it in detail. <br/> <br /> "Earth" is a 90-minute theatrical release based on "Planet Earth," which I saw on BBC TV. The TV version was narrated by David Attenborough, a captivating commentator I wished he'd made it Earth, but it's Patrick Stewart, star captain of the Trek Picard. There are regular recordings of the Earth from space, so this may be appropriate. Anyway, he has a nice and quiet voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we trace animal life on Earth from the North Pole to the Antarctic. 3 animal families, polar bear, elephant and whale, are found in more than one part. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of how far from the North Pole or equator. We see something of every species, but only mammals and birds and some fish and some nice shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, an almost perfect representation of the diversity of life and landscapes and climates on Earth. One has the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people or villages or cities are not in the film, so a typical nature documentary, but breathtaking shot and accompanied by delightful music. When the movie opened, I already knew it would end much too soon for me. It's a family movie, so no brutal killing of animals. If someone is caught by their hunter, the shot ends and in other cases where the prey is caught, it is shot in slow motion, making it less violent and observable for small children (minimum age 6 in the Netherlands). There is no blood shed. Some scenes (newborn animals) are really cute and are adored by children. It looks like an ordinary nature movie, but if you know how many days of recording it took (4000) and how much money it cost, it becomes an even more amazing piece of beauty. Yesterday, a month before the release, there was a Dutch premiere in a 500-seat cinema, 15 of which were cast. True beauty is rarely interesting for moviegoers, it seems. Since I knew the TV series, I was of course very curious if my favorite scenes would make it into this film. Some were not, but fortunately the most impressive pictures (big waterfalls) were successful. It was the first time I cried in a nature movie.
