I have only the best of the television series "Planet Earth" from 2006, which was told by my childhood atol, David Attenborough. Whether it was shown here in Australia or not, I never caught up with it, and when I had the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)'? a feature length compilation of the same nature material? I took the chance on the big screen. The theater was basically empty; Only another patron sat in line in front of me, and it was as if I not only had the big screen for me, but in fact the entire planet Earth. I was immersed in the beauty and dangers of the lonely wilderness for 90 minutes, among the most beautiful creatures ever caught in the film. "Earth" is great in its reach and at the same time painfully intimate. It is a heartfelt appeal of the filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and how human invasion has marginalized countless magnificent species of animals and plants. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, apparently advocates for the preservation of the wilderness, it is not struck with propaganda over the head and the mystery that politics are completely ignored; In fact, no one is in sight. Instead, we're just taken on a breathtaking journey into the majesty of the natural world to experience the resilience and fragility of life on Earth. I hear that the original mini-series, which ran eleven episodes, goes much deeper into the scientific background of the world's ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers here have made a wise decision to replace information with emotional effects: I can ' I remember the last time I felt so inspired and at the same time completely heartbroken. By making an emotional connection between the audience and a few selected animals and anthropomorphizing them to a certain extent, we can suddenly recognize the "human side" of each species and their hopeless survival addiction becomes less statistically and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> "Earth" essentially consists of a selection of dramatic episodes, be it the struggles of a polar bear leading her young boy to the Arctic ice, or the tramp of an elephant herd towards the lifesaving seasonal floods of the Okavango. Delta. The documentary demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death that shows in the most desperate ballet of predator-prey interactions. Although occasionally, perhaps for a younger audience, the footage shortens at the crucial moment, I have regularly grappled with the inevitability of death in nature and the raw instinct driving the animals' last hopeless survival attempts. There is even a haunting beauty on the hunt, in both the slow-motion shots of a cheetah plummeting its prey (the result of a single fatal mishap), and the majestic leap of a Great White Shark in the air devouring a hapless sea lion. It is this weak equilibrium that has been fatally disturbed by the egoism of our own species. In addition to these main stories, we are also concerned with short excerpts of wildlife from around the world, including the birds of, Papua New Guinea's paradise and the autumn migration of Demoiselle cranes. Of course, whole movies could be dedicated to just that species, and an inevitable consequence of having to sift through so much footage is that some interesting ecosystems are glossed over very quickly. By the choice to best focus the polar bear, the elephant and the humpback whale? Tracking her lifestyle through amazing high-resolution time-lapse photography during a calendar year? The filmmakers were able to avoid structural problems that might arise from having so much to show and only 90 minutes to show it. As a result, "Earth" made me thirst for more, and luckily I now have about eleven hours more as soon as I can find a copy of the DVD set for "Planet Earth." "Earth" is uplifting and stirring, impressive and heartbreaking. It's a really great documentary experience and it could just be my favorite 2007 movie.
