City Hall is more likely to adopt the politics of a city than a country, a state or any important political table. Admittedly, New York City is a big political arena, especially at the present time, but it is still on a smaller scale and focuses on key actors in a city-wide scandal stumbled upon by the Mayor's right-hand man. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with elements of the thriller that have played Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance, and I think that in many ways he contains so many forms of the thriller genre that it's almost a mistake is. I mean, City Hall is meant as a political drama, not as a thriller, but once everything is said and done, and once you get to the meat and potatoes of the film, it feels and looks like a thriller, but it does decent film is an important part of the recipe that immediately highlights ... what else ... or rather ... Al Pacino. The film begins with a really good look at life in the mayor's office and the inner life of the city. As the film progresses, it expands its political spectrum to include a Democratic leader and his connections, and then we are introduced to some events in the city. As the events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect remains somehow in the background, but it still has a brilliant lineup. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate to talk about Al Pacino. I mean, even if ONCE he did not perform well, how could I ever say that? The man is acting royally. It's just something brilliant about his whole behavior. In City Hall Pacino plays the mayor of New York City. He has a sense of duty and honor and seems immediately to be a very upright politician. He also gives one of the most powerful and sincere speeches I have ever seen at the funeral 'James Bone'. I revisited this speech four times and when I first watched Pacino, I opened my mouth and almost wanted to get up and applaud. It is brilliantly written and brilliantly supplied by Pacino. John Cusack, whom I really appreciate as an actor, shows a mediocre and exaggerated performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He's a bit of the focus of the movie and he and Pacino have good chemistry when they're screened, but there's only one thing in this performance ... it seems to be trying too hard. His accent is just bizarre, and although he is supposed to be morose and intimidating, he does not seem to be able to do it. Maybe he had an off-movie. Bridget Fonda is on her way out of her peak as a lawyer for the police widow Marybeth Cogan in order. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's, she just does not seem to find her groove with this character. Danny Aiello is great, though his character as a Democratic leader with links to mafia Frank Anselmo is little explored. Martin Landau makes a decent guest appearance as a judge under observation of Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the town hall is evident in my discussion of the characters and actors. Everyone is ... okay. There are many backgrounds that they try to bring out without actually showing them. This unfortunately leaves you a bit confused about the entire conspiracy. And of course you have Al Pacino in a rather small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant and overshadows every other actor in the movie. It almost feels like they might be intimidated when he's on the screen with them. The Town Hall could have been a huge political epic drama / thriller, but it felt like it was on average first mill, BUT it's still for Pacino and another confrontation with the inner workings of politics. If you just will not see this movie, then you'll find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the word electrifying does not seem to do it justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so unbelievable, because in a mediocre movie he pulls it Blow out a speech and let it feel it. If you're a John Cusack fan that I am ... he's definitely better, but he's the main character and all in all he gets his justice. A decent movie, but unfortunately potential loss. 7.5 / 10
