The film is about a classic theme. In fact, it is the theme exploited by Batman from beginning to end, but in real data and details. The mayor of New York, esteemed and very hard-working and dynamic to push through some project a little faster than normal, cedes some pressure from some private business owners about a criminal drug dealer who should have been sent and is in jail putting the judge under pressure to release him on parole, despite a negative probation report that disappears but is not destroyed, if only because of the political value he represents. And what happens, happens, and a few people, including a black student, are killed in a shootout between a police officer and this criminal. The city could explode: racial tensions over the black schoolboy and social tensions due to the insecurity that such criminals roam around and continue their criminal activities are representative of the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show this tension very well and follows the investigation of the first vice-mayor, who wants to find out the truth and find out. But along the way, some witnesses are killed, and those who have played a role in the entire business are forced to retire (the judge) to end their careers and lives (the contractor or the contractor interfere ), a public official was ready to submit the missing probation report, and some dodgy characters, after providing some important information. The mayor himself withdraws and takes a long vacation; The main interest of the film, however, lies in examining the disturbances that the mayor is undertaking to cover up the problem, and the disagreements he remembers, which he has made in the past and which have led to a mistake in this case , The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black, and that everything is gray, which decision-makers never enjoy, is used as an excuse for making wrong but profitable decisions. We do not talk about necessary compromises in order to reach consensus in some areas of vital public interest. We're talking about making a bad decision about a small or allegedly small criminal, rather than an infrastructure or an economic project in the city. That's not typical of New York. This is true in every mayoral office. In a large metropolitan area like New York and, of course, in a city or a country where police departments are communal and controlled by political imperatives, they are more important in terms of quantity and quality. The young vice mayor pushes the old mayor out of the way and disappoints his ambition to be governor of New York to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because of the incarnation that Al Pacino offers, as he can express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that renders the entire dialogue unusable. I find the end a bit muddy with the ex-vice mayor fighting in his own name. This seems to mean that he was so close to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his way. Therefore, he is no better than anyone else, just too young in his ambitions. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
