Wow ... another 5 hours Riget. Lars continues the great combination of occult, dark horror and soap opera dramas. Exactly where the last episode of the previous series left off (with the same intensity and tension, but not permanent, for better or for worse), this installment in the franchise seems to be a bit more urgent ... In the last series It seemed like a day or a week had passed between the episodes, which is clearly a long journey ... where one episode ends, the next one begins. You can say a lot about Lars von Trier ... but he is very versatile and quite eccentric. Both qualities show up in it. The story continues with its excellence, paying more attention to some of the regular characters who played a subordinate role in the last four episodes. Basically, every character returns from the beginning, at least as far as the main characters are concerned. The tempo is not as sharp as in the first part and I was less attached to it. That is in no way to say that I was not involved in it, although I was still constantly observing and responding strongly, often loudly, in several places to what was going on (extremely unusual behavior for me as I am an incredibly quiet person am), as I was during the first one. Like the first, this raises some of the burdened ethical issues. Building on the foundation from the beginning, this continues the story ... and as a continuation, the scope is also greater. Grander More spirits, more bizarre occurrences, more negotiations. The strong graphic material of the first edition also returns, and it has been raised a lot. The characters are being developed further. The spectacle is amazing, like the first one. Udo Kier consolidates his enormous talent for anyone who doubts it. Playing a very difficult character (who has seen the first series, can most likely find out what I mean) * and * in a language he did not speak (he was later synced) ... and he still has one so strong character performance. The cinematography remains great and is still very hand-held, with fast zooming and occasionally long shots. The cut is sharp, with a few direct sound cuts (although these were rather emphasized in the first one). Well, with all that I've said, I really want to rate a perfect 10 ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching and not regretting it in the least. But that has flaws ... those of the first part and more. First, the humor just takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are some new regular characters available for comic reasons only ... three of them, not less. Scenes are created and executed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. Good for a comedy, but what does she do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, sometimes sadistic, horror piece? Helmers lonely secret hiding place of loneliness was changed from the roof of the hospital, from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... in a bathroom. At an angle from the inside of the bowl. No, you read that correctly. In general, humor tends to be weak ... more sex and physical jokes, which in turn raise the question "Why?" Pose. While most of the writing is excellent, it is sometimes downright evil. Basically, several scenes from the first miniseries are copied (one would guess based on their popularity when broadcast). Sometimes the drama seems a bit more bombastic than the first and sometimes it jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely, but still noticeably, plot points and elements are explained too easily (a certain figure living in Denmark for no apparent reason ... anyone who has seen it knows who I am speaking from). The two dishwashers are still mysterious and insightful, but too much gimmick ... too overexposed, in the end, I think. However, most scenes with them are still enjoyable. In addition, I want to assure each reader that, despite all the negative things, I have written that this is still mostly good ... definitely enjoyable, captivating, powerful ... and in my humble opinion should definitely be seen by everyone, who liked the first one (even though he belongs to this group, do not expect to feel that the story is finished after looking at that story when you did it after the first one). I recommend it to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who has enjoyed the first rig and wants more from where it comes from. I ask everyone who thinks to see it all before they see you for the first time ... I bought it before I bought the first, but I watched it until I bought the first and that have seen. and I can not tell you how happy I am. Although this gives a brief summary of the events in the first section, there are a plethora of details and aspects that you would miss if you had not previously seen them. A little less sequel, but definitely still one, if you like the first. 8.10
