As a transplanted New Yorker, I might be more critical of watching City Hall than most others. But I have to say, before I even got to the story, I was fascinated by the locations and political atmosphere of New York City created by director Harold Becker. For example, there is an indication of Woerner's restaurant in Brooklyn, where political boss Frank Anselmo likes to eat. There was or was a Woerner's restaurant on Remsen Street in downtown Brooklyn when I lived in New York in 1996. It was indeed particularly favored by political people in the Borough, though there were a few other venues. <br /> <No wonder, because the script was written by Nicholas Pileggi, who still writes both political and organized crime stories. He knows the atmosphere very well and knows exactly how these two worlds intersect like in this movie. <br /> <br /> A detective, played by Nestor Serrano, goes to an informal meeting with a relative of mob boss Anthony Franciosa and things broke out, and three people died, including an innocent 6-year-old boy whose Father brought him to school. The story scores and in the end she arrived in the City Hall itself. Al Pacino plays Mayor John Pappas and John Cusack is his Deputy Mayor, a transplanted Louisian, a state that has a tradition of superior corruption. He's the outsider here, and trying to control damage finds Cusack more than he expected. Danny Aiello plays the political leader of Brooklyn Frank Anselmo and for those of you who are not from New York, his character has its origins in the late borough president of Queens Donald Manes, who was also overthrown by a scandal. He's the Brooklyn politician I knew then, whose friendship with the organized crime and the favor made for her took place at Aiello. <br /> <br /> The Town Hall was the farewell film for Anthony Franciosa of the most underrated and underestimated talents ever on the screen. Nobody is watching someone else while he's at it. Al Pacino's best moment is when he takes the procedure at the funeral of the killed child and makes it a political triumph for himself. He's a complex part, he's a decent man, but he's trapped in the corruption that's needed to rise in a place like New York. <br /> <br /> For all those who want to know about the political life in the Big Apple, the city hall is highly recommended.
