The danger lies with critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek's film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, who brings together a wonderful amalgam of silence, horror, sci-fi, surreal, and other contemporary thrillers to compare his Freudian comparisons to overburdening. However, in Pervert's Guide to Cinema, he also makes the distinction between different points of view from other analyzes that I have seen in a collective section of films. While it does not cover the vast area that encompasses Scorsese's film documentary, the same appendices exist, and Zizek loves all these "perverted" examples and films, notably the works of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, and Tarkovsky. However, you should not see this - if you can find it, I've almost seen it through luck that Zizek is trying to dissect all the psycho-sexual parts or parts that are pointing in a dull, confused state. If he opens anything for points that could never be considered otherwise, one would think of three of the Marx brothers as representing the id, the super ego, and the ego (Harpo's example is the deadliest for me). <Br /> <br /> He is not only one who can deal with classics, he also considers the food for thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in representations of the split between fantasy and reality and when the matrix needs the energy as well Energy needs the matrix for the former and for the attachment of violence in dealing with oneself and those who double in the latter. He even throws a piece at the crucial moment in Revenge of the Sith, when Anakin Darth becomes Vader, and the effects of avoiding paternity under that back mask the moment the birth of his children happens elsewhere. The ideals of fatherhood, male sexuality, the masculine vision of realizing fantasy (to which Zizek rightly states the moment of the emergence of a nightmare), and female subjectivity are most likely studied with Vertigo. This is also true of a scene that deconstructs Zizek as if it were the Zapruder movie in which he addresses the three clashing points of psycho-sexual attitudes in the scene "Do not you see me" in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br Now it would be one thing if Zizek himself made those righteous, excited and somehow plausible points that are focused only on the camera, or mostly like in Scorsese's voice-over. However, he goes one step further to emphasize his fantasy and reality points and how they overlap, overlap, become one and the same, or spread into some underworld or primordial sense for some characters (eg Lost Highway) by putting oneself in the places where the films take place. The funniest thing to see him first in the boat, which goes to the same dock, to which the boat of Tippi Hedren at the beginning of the Birds drives. He is just as funny as he irrigates the Blue Velvet lawn, and then explains the diverse points of Frank Booth. Only when one is in an area like Solaris does it seem a bit cheesy. But Zizek seems to have a lot of fun with this setup, and after a while you bypass the potential flaw of this gimmick and Zizek's words come through. <br /> <br /> There were a few films I would do, of course I was expecting, mostly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a treat for movie lovers comes from two things - the films you never get to see in a movie about movies would see the title Pervert's Guide to Cinema (the first two would be for me the Disney Pluto animated cartoon and the exposure to Chaplin's films, albeit with a great touch on the power and distinction of "voice"), and those that one has not yet seen (eg, the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker) a few others), the immediate feeling for "Wow, I have to see that immediately, do not ask questions." Zizek is a strong author with his work and brings it with a clarity that reminds you why we even watch movies to be entertained, sure, but also have the actual experience of sitting down and having something up there. as he put it and looked into a toilet. It's probably one of the greatest movies about cinema, and in such a wonderfully close analysis of how Freud fits in with desire movies, the id / super ego / ego, and the supernatural fantasy that you may never see , .. not distribution is finally starting, albeit on the smallest level.
