"Cinema is the ultimate perverted art, it does not give what you desire, it tells you what you desire." Thus begins "The Perverts Guide to Cinema", in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel in world cinema. This three-part movie is the second documentary by Sophie Fiennes (yes, sister of Ralph and Joseph), and it's a remarkable accomplishment that speaks for 2 1/2 hours to a man, yet remains humorous and captivating throughout. Basically it's an advanced film lecture and one of the best you can ever get. Throughout the film, Zizek leads us through a catalog of obsession and craving in film history. He touches more than 40 films and spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, the Marx brothers and Eisenstein. But he also takes a close look at "Persona", "The Conversation", "Three Colors: Blue", "Dogville", "Fight Club" and "The Exorcist". Thematically, Zizek's investigation of cinema ranges from thoughts about the death instinct to the "coordinates of desire" to gnostics to "subobjects". <br/> <br/> "The Pervert's Guide" will be a slightly better experience if it took a few minutes to improve your basic Freudian terminology. But even if you are unfamiliar with psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and witty personality will advance the film with such enthusiasm that you probably will not stick to the jargon. The film often cuts out film clips in Zizek's pictures * within the movie he's talking about, ie the original locations and sets. The transitions in these sequences maintain such tension and humor that the trick never gets old. And Zizek himself always makes us laugh, either out of bizarre little jokes or out of his enthusiastic insistence, for example on a bold oedipal interpretation of "The Birds". And this shot, by both Fiennes and Zizek, is essential to the gonzo character of the film. It's the spoonful of sugar that helps us to digest Zizek's weird medicine. Do not we all feel that psychology theorists pull our legs off at some point?
