He is stocky, sweaty, slightly crossed and restless. He stands before us and describes himself as a pervert. He claims that we? the movie viewer? The screen as a toilet bowl and everyone secretly wish that everything explodes from the inside. He is unpredictable and scary. Well??? Come on, you could have guessed it: He is one of the leading philosophers of our time. Slavoj? I? Ek is both a narrator and a theme of Sophie Fiennes' extraordinary new film. A pervert guide to the cinema. Fiennes illustrates a boring talk of? I? Ek, in two ways: by providing exemplary movie clips and? I? Expose Ek at real (or reconstructed) locations from the films he talks about. It's always nice to see neat scenes with scenes from great movies (though the Sith's revenge was here too), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide? is ?? i ?? ek itself. What makes the movie so funny to watch is the unanswerable question that can be asked time and time again: what is more outrageous? I? Eks views or? I? Ek's screen presence? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek !, 05), the Slovenian philosopher once confessed his fear of silence. He said he felt like he did not exist. The only way to make all other people believe is to talk constantly and feverishly. And he talked and how. Also a pervert guide? is dominated by his voice? to deliver perfect English in a crazy way and to make some amazing points about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are they? Well, for example, does he see Chaplin's aversion to the talking image as a sign of a universal fear of the voice itself (a kind of extraterrestrial force that takes over people?) Remember the ventriloquist of Dead of Night [45]. He says that it is the perverse nature of cinema to teach us to crave certain objects, not to care for them. He identifies Groucho Marx as a super ego, Chico as an ego, and Harpo as an id. He says a million other interesting things, and we can not keep his eyes off him, his looks are so convincing (and captivating). At some point, I could not help but stare at his thick, unkempt hair and wonder what kind of brain it is underneath. Of course, ask for more insights. <br /> <br /> Most notable are? I? Ek's readings by Lynch and Hitchcock (which comes as no surprise since he wrote about both). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly edited clips from their respective works made these parts of the presentation of "i" ek an unforgettable experience. in contrast to others ?? difficult to argue, as he seems to have done everything right with these two directors. This does not apply, for example, to the reading of Tarkovsky, to whom he relentlessly imposes his quite materialistic view of reality and rejects exactly what is so remarkable in Tarkovsky (namely strong religious intuitions and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether? I? Ek is inspirational and brilliant because he is; or whether the film by Fiennes is worth seeing, because he is too. The real question is rather: Are the views coherent in themselves? One smart observation at a time makes for an overwhelming intellectual journey, but after the whole thing is over, some doubts remain. For example, while thinking about Vertigo (58), does i? Suppose that what is hidden behind a human face is a complete emptiness that makes the face itself only a facade: some delusion with its own means. However, when we hear in the closing sequence of the ever-shattering finale of City Lights (31) as a portrait of a person totally exposed to another human being, it is difficult to ask: what has happened to the whole façade thing? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face the real value and deprive Kim Novak of that privilege in two bold strokes? Or is this incoherence perhaps also read in Lacan's words? (The name of the notoriously "unreadable" French psychoanalyst is fundamental to Ikeek's thinking.) The film has all the merits of a two and a half hour lecture: a lot of ground and perspectives hired, even made some first-rate Wisecracks (if IKEK on a boat of Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] travels and tries to think, as she did, he comes along with: "I want to f ** k Mitch!"). But it also has a flaw that is not inherent in two and a half hours of lecture per se: it is almost obsessively dissuasive. i 'eks yarn about how far we are from the real is as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after about 80 minutes it becomes very clear that one of ikk's perverse pleasures is to go on and on, constantly changing Subjects. The overall effect is to be carried away by a huge, cool, hissing wave: they are simultaneously surprised, refreshed, in mortal danger and confused without end. When you're done watching, your head is full of ideas that are not your own, and you're already planning to watch some movies again. But you also feel that you have survived a misfortune. The ultimate question is: did you lose it? Or have we not even come close to the real? Once Cinephilia is punished by imprisonment, we will all meet in a single big cell and finally talk to each other (without having any films to turn our faces). I dare you all: Who will have enough courage to approach him? My guess is that when you look those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
