Her Deadly Rival (1995): Performers Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly Hobell, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford ... Director James Hayman, screenplay Dan Vining The actor Harry Hamlin (famous from LA Law, Clash of The Titans and other films) seems perfectly cast in this "Lifetime" movie directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna would later work on a film about sex addiction. "Her Deadly Rival" resembles the well-known Hollywood movie hit "Fatal Attraction" at first glance. In "Rival", the lucky spouses Jim and Kris Lanford move to a new home in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have the seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love despite an ordinary lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer hires Jim. Her identity is never revealed despite Jim's and even investigators trying to figure out who she is. She constantly harasses Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost wavers when his wife begins to believe that he has an affair and tries to cover her up. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D.L. Anderson, and William Blair - all come directly from a soap opera. But this is a very suspenseful drama and has good moments. In the end is a twist. Spoiler alert. All I have to say is that "her deadly rival" was just her. Jim's wife, Kris, suffered from several personality disorders due to an alleged factual case, and that had ruined her marriage. Although the story is not particularly impressive, even though acting is only a step beyond acting, this film has its moments. Particularly moving are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene, in which Jim, when he learns the truth, can not believe what he just heard. The movie is probably a bit long and boring in some parts, but it's the kind of TV movie that usually works well, especially at Lifetime, which continues to produce films of this kind, the "local thriller" or seduction stories. Garbage, but everyone likes garbage.
