Everyone has a first love, and although it's hard to define that feeling when you're younger, it's there and hurts in you. This is what the Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad wants to prove in his fourth feature film, a film in which the most complex emotions are presented in a deceptively simple and uncomplicated way. Such an approach is particularly practical in this case, since the love story at the heart of the film encompasses two twelve-year-olds, making all attempts at "deeper" analysis seem deliberate and presumptuous. That they do not, is also evidence of the amazing achievements of the leading non-actor Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The earlier pieces Orked (in Ahmad's previous picture Gubra already seen as an adult character), a lively, almost rebellious girl, perhaps influenced by her "British" upbringing (her mother studied in England), who dislikes playing with puppets, preferred to play sports violently with the boys. Then one day she meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who spends the holidays in his aunt's house, and suddenly she changes her habits: goodbye, fistfights, hello, cycling and climbing. But what does that mean? Are they just friends, or is something more implied, something none of them are willing to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the protagonists, answering these questions is impossible. As in several "smaller" films (reminiscent of Lost in Translation), there is no real closure, a decision that leaves a bittersweet impression that but ultimately leaves a satisfying aftertaste: The naturalistic, unfiltered action (especially Aryanas) comes almost immediately to the heart and a strong minor cast (especially Orkeds family) helps to make the minimalist narrative fun and seducing. The down-to-earth approach is not always that effective (the hilarious subdivision of an adulterous neighbor is thrown far too soon), and it's difficult to justify the bizarre pulp-fiction reference at the beginning of the feature, but the emotional power of teenage romance is enough to make it an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
