The film begins in a classroom, where not surprisingly, our lead actress, Orked, was seen in a Chinese classroom. Later in the film, she was asked why (by Mukhsin) she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for a child she is. Since she already knew the Malay language well, she is a bit romantic. You can imagine that, but if you've kept yourself from reading too many critics and going after them, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. Essentially, the film focuses on 10-year-old Orked who struck 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game many would think was a boy's game. Mukhsin (who was new to the village) did not have to have any players to let Orked into the game, where she eagerly showed the male side of her. Orked is not an ordinary girl because she shows more of male behavior, as you'll see in the movie. She defends Mukhsin from violent encounters with her school bully, throws a mobster's bag out of the school bus window, throws blows and throws kicks at Mukhsin's brother, where he teases Mukhsin and so on and so on. Both were great buddies and stay closer, but with a little misunderstanding that most of us would answer in the same way, they separated each other until the day Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br Now the film is the first love between Orked and Mukhsin. They started out as friends, but slowly developed into a closer relationship and then to the BGR. You would notice what changes Yasmin has made for each of the lead actor and actress in the movies as they go through love. The different character was portrayed with zest and mild humor. The scenes were all random, but it showed so much reality that you would be stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, not because you want to be patriotic for the local scenes, because it means much more. <br /> <br /> While the film surrounds the two love birds, so is it. He manages to find Orked's parents, her mother, who was educated in England, speaks English very well and her husband and caretaker In the house with a lot of effort try to speak their own kind of English, which was humor all the way. Let me just explain why humor can play such a prominent role in this film. And that explanation or description that you can present can only be given in one word, and that is RANDOMNESS. We often do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do that, we do so at the expense of others. It's just like what the film Just Follow Law by Jack Neo would have mentioned - If we are ourselves, we often do not see the person inside of us, but if we're only in another person's body, then that's just learning You, who we really are. And so humor, more than dignity, is also valid. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with such randomness that the typical facts of everyday life, as we said it, can be filled with laughter, if we want it to be that way. <br /> <br /> The other focus of this film was, like Orked's neighbor, a couple in which the husband no longer loves his wife and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi was what he was stolen from, and he saw him polishing his bike every day, and took it on a tour with his newly found girlfriend. The producer did not fail to show you why the husband wanted to find another wife. The woman was a real hurler or CCP, as we Chinese would call it after she interrupted other people's business and sent her own daughter to tease Orked in words that only adults would use. After all, what's going on is coming around, and that's probably why bad things happen to her. It does not hurt to be nice to the people around you, unless you have an ego that you can protect, but what is it worth? The film also revolves around Mukhsin's brother Hussein, who goes out late into the night, smokes, drinks and even finds "girls" every day. He is the total opposite of Mukhsin, but that may be due to family issues. Both brothers were with their aunt and the parents were far away from them. I'm not going to tell you more about the story because it would disturb the interest in finding it out for yourself, but the least of all the elements that the producer wanted to convey to the audience is the life of us all. She wanted us to at least look at life from our own perspective if we are not ourselves. Movies, in a sense, lead us out of our own body, putting us in the character's position and using our empty minds to see what happens. Depending on the type and genre of the movie you will be fascinated how a good movie like this one could have a significant impact on you.
