Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is the story of director Yasmin Ahmad with her boy Mukhsin. We know that her films were semi-autobiographical and contain scenes from her personal experiences, and it is indeed the sharing and transfer of these emotions to the big screen that always radiates her films with a sincere sincerity and honesty. Mukhsin is no different and probably the most polished and confident work of advertising (though I must add that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, though we go back this time when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger from the movies we took with them, from Rabun to Gubra and here. Sharifah Amani's sisters Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya each perform the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, who may have been responsible for their outstanding chemistry on the screen, but without noticing that they do not play sibling roles. The only constant it seems is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through Mukshin, the movie, we connect with the characters and the world into which Yasmin introduced us. We learn about the family and understand it a little bit more. They play in the days they still live in their kampung (back in Rabun), where Orked visits a Chinese school and some serious combinations of beatings (and you wonder about this energy blast in Gubra, well, she already had them at a young age!). She is a multi-year tomboy and crazy kid of the family. She prefers to play with the boys in games instead of playing with the girls "without a head". Favorite outings include family visits to football matches. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) in the village gives Orked a cool hangout to do things and get things done - cycle through the villages, climb trees, fly kites , And what should be explored is crossing that line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his cheeky moments that enliven the story and make it laugh because some of us would have experienced it from the incidents themselves and would sometimes serve as a throwback to our own childhood memories. In short, these scenes screamed "fun"! We observe life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others spread the nosy parker and rumor-makers, the envy gossip. There are two other family dynamics, one from an immediate neighbor and the other from Mukhsin's own, both of which serve as adequate subplots and unlike Orkeds own. <br /> <br /> As always, Yasmin's films are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin, there is something special about the song "Hujan" as written by her father, as well as "Ne Me Quince Pas" aptly used in the film since the Yasmin movies were centered so far The same characters, the beauty of being seen as standalone, or when viewed and assembled together, is a captivating family drama with separate themes and universal ones Themes like interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely be able to attribute the many links in Mukhsin to the earlier films, while the new audiences will certainly be curious to learn about specific reasons and the meaning of recurrent characters or events, such as the chubby boy who glances at Orked. And why, even parts of Mukhsin are strangely open, which probably marks Yasmin's style or is purposely left that way. I thought, as a story from childhood, from memory, then there are details that are certainly left out. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin showed this perfectly, with less detailed details and focus on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie and a rare movie I feel suitable for all ages - bring your little brother or sister with you!
