If you want to learn about the Spanish Civil War and all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you that you have chosen the wrong film. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. If a war like this takes place on a small island that almost immediately takes on the traitor, no war is open. The soldiers are sent to the front line to fight on the mainland, while another war is taking place at home on the small island. There, neighbors report about other neighbors, sometimes because their political views contradict the new regime, but many people are approached because of old family disputes or the silent introvert who has no friends is told by someone who wants to "earn points". And these things do not happen openly. There were some lawsuits, but many other times people were simply woken in the middle of the night and taken out of their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning, the bodies would be found, and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but no one dared to say or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers who have killed someone they have never seen in their lives. We're talking about people killing their neighbors and probably saying hello to their widow the next day and even taking part in the funeral of the guy they killed. We speak of villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knows each other. <br /> <br /> I'm from this little island, and I've heard the stories my grandparents told me, and I have to say that film upset me, oh yes, that did; but I also found it remarkably beautiful and moving. The initial violence is not something that the director or the writer has identified, it happened during the war. A child who knows his father's father is in the fascist squad that killed his father? Absolutely possible That all happened later? Maybe also TB was real. At that time, my island was not the resort she became. The people were poor, illiterate and worked in small farms. After the war, there were times of need. <br /> <br /> In this movie you will not find any war history, or at least not the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the meanest kind of war that happens when space is limited (check the size of the island) when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight against each other and they live in a place where all humans live Everyone knows you will find a story about the damage this particular type of war can cause for humans and the history of how they may or may not survive this damage. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work done by the authors who have adapted the novel, and by all the actors who have really managed to sound Mallorcan. That was remarkable.
