(SPOILERS included) This movie is certainly the best amicus production I've seen so far (though I still have some to watch). The House, which has dripped blood, is a horror bus - an anthology that contains four sinister stories involving the tenants of a vicious, hellish house in the British countryside. A common mistake in productions like this is that too much energy is wasted on the all-around story that unites each story. The film by Peter Duffel does not pay too much attention to this. It's just a Scotland Yard inspector coming in to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant. So he learns of the bizarre events that have taken place there before. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together form a perfect whole. High expectations are allowed on this film since it was written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in the brilliant horror milestone "Psycho"? We also mark the solid and very professional debut of Peter Duffel as a director. <br /> <br /> The four stories? Chapter, if you will? In the house where Dripped Blood has a wide variety of themes, they are (almost) equally cool and uncanny. Number one is about a horror author who comes in with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. It starts quite well, but after a short while he was persecuted and persecuted by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original, but it is very exciting and the climax is quite surprising. The second story (horror legend) Peter Cushing (Hammer) is a former stockbroker. Still haunted by the image of an unattainable and long-lost love, he encounters a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is as always a pleasure to watch and? Even if the topic wax museum is not new? This story looks fresh and innovative overall. This chapter also includes a few sexy shocks and a constantly tense atmosphere. It's a terrific warm-up for probably BEST's story: Number 3. Another legendary actor in this one, as Christopher Lee reveals a spotless depiction of a frightened father. He is very strict and strict about his young daughter and keeps her isolated from the outside world. Not without reason, because the little girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. Besides the great play by Lee and the remarkable performance of Chloe Franks as a scary child, this story also has a great gothic atmosphere! The devilish undertones in this story, along with the spooky sound effects of Thunder make this story a must for fans of authentic horror. The fourth and final story, in which a vain horror actor is dominated by the vampire cloak he wears, is a bit weaker than the others when it comes to suspense and credibility, but the overburdening of the subtle humor more or less compensates for that. There is even a small space for parody in this story as the protagonist refers to co-star Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element in this last chapter is the presence of the beautiful Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen of "The Vampire Lovers" is certainly one of the many highlights of the film - especially in her décolleté. <br /> <br /> No doubt? The house where Dripped Blood lies is very much appreciated by classic horror fans. I am convinced that with a few mood-friendly preparations, this could actually be one of the few films that will scare you and make a big impact. Intelligent and captivating horror as it should be! Highly recommended. One more note: This movie should not be repeated and should not be mistaken for "The Dorm That Dripped Blood". The latter is a very irritating and lousy 80s Slasher who has nothing in common with this movie except the title he stole.
