"The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the better anthology films of the time. <br /> <br /> ** SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> Looking for a missing movie star, Inspector Holloway, (John Bennett) notes that the last sighting in a large mansion in the country was observed. While looking through the house, he is told four different stories by former residents of the house. <br /> <br /> The Good Story (s): Method for murder removal to the mysterious mansion to find peace and quiet, while Charles keeps his latest masterpiece, are the horror novelist Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice (Joanna Dunham) is thrilled with the story, which revolves around a serial strangler named Dominic. After a series of strange accidents and experiences in the house, Charles begins to believe that my creation has come to life and persecutes him and his wife. Probably one of the better entries in the movie, it's by far the scariest. The atmosphere here is what sets it apart. The scenes with the fictional character are really scary, the secret around him is really effective and there is always a classic creeping moment. The classic moment is killing in the psychiatrist's office, which is an all-time high for ghosts. The setup with creaking noises, quick flashes of a mysterious being and thunder and lightning in the background work well for this man's favor. Sweets for sweets changing a new home, widower John Reid (Christopher Lee), hires former school teacher Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) for his young daughter Jane (Chloe Franks) while he is is on the road. Ann begins to uncover a dark secret from Jane's past, which John vehemently denies. When she learns the true nature of what is happening, it is far more shocking than what she would have thought possible. With the scariest plot and the biggest turn of stories, this is a pretty enjoyable start. The mystery of the family is wonderfully played out, with small amounts of clues here and there, and the last revelation is downright nerve-wracking. This part alone is the main reason why this work works, and Lee does not hurt him either. <br /> <br /> The Bad Story (s): Waxworks - Tormented by memories of his lost love, Phillip Grayson, (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) are both from a statue of a woman in one Wax museum beguiles. As the statue dies, they discover a shocking secret about the museum that persecutes them both. There's a smart premise here, and it's an excuse to spend time in a wax museum, always creepy. This is no exception and looks weird, which is supported by the fluorescent lighting of the sculptures. A dream sequence provides a great moment of suspense, but what ultimately brings death is the slow pace. It takes a long time for events to unfold, and most of the time is used for exposures. It also builds to a shocking ending that can be seen from a mile away. The really lower. Had the phrase been changed, the value would have been higher, the rest is acceptable. Cloak veteran horror movie actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) gets annoyed at the lack of realism on the set. His new movie sets off and buys a new vampire robe in a specialty store. The cape quickly turns him into a vampire who goes crazy on set with co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampire acts at home. Not convinced that the mantle is the cause, he does everything to prove that it is only in his imagination. This has a pretty decent premise, and there are many opportunities for some decent fear, but what goes down is several factors. First, it's just too stupid for your own good. The turnaround at the end is a perfect example that's so over-the-top that it's not really a shock, and just looks stupid. There are so few scenes of fear or anxiety that it's just boring. It's the weakest in the movie. <br /> <br /> The final verdict: A pretty decent omnibus movie. In each of the stories, there are a few small issues that make this film less than perfect, but still predictable. Highly recommended for those who like similar films or British horror movies. <br /> <br /> Today's Rating PG-13: Violence
