British production company Amicus is widely recognized as a specialist in horror anthologies, and this great omnibus titled "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the best amicus production I've ever seen (admittedly there are a few I have .) but still to be seen). "The House That Dripped Blood" is made up of four wonderfully macabre tales, all in the same sinister villa. These four stories are presented to you in a wonderful gothic atmosphere and with one of the best cast ensembles imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors ever) as well as Denholm Elliott and the adorable Ingrid Pitt star in this movie. Which horror fan could afford to miss it? Of course nobody, and the movie has much more to offer than just a good cast. "The House That Dripped Blood" revolves around an eerie country house where strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story "Method For Murder" tells the story of horror writer Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves in with his wife. After moving in, the author suddenly feels pursued by a maniac of his own creation ... The first section is a big push for the movie. The story is scary and macabre and the performances are very good overall. In the second story "Waxworks" retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house and suddenly feels drawn to a mysterious waxworks in the nearby town ... The great Peter Cushing performs here again a great performance, and the rest the performances is also very good. The story is wonderfully funny and after the third movie the second best of the film. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet", is by far the scariest and most brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves in with his little daughter. Private tutor and nanny Mrs. Norton, who hired Mr. Reed to teach his daughter, is appalled by her employer's strictness towards his daughter and would like to know why the overprotective father's views on education might be so The best segment retains a very scary atmosphere and a really scary conspiracy. Christopher Lee is as always superb in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny and my special praise goes to the then 11-year-old Chloe Franks. Just by this ingenious segment, the film is a must for any true horror fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves in with his sexy lover / co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than horror. It is, however, a most amusing satire, and there are many references to other horror movies. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who plays the lead role in the previous, third segment. All four segments have a wonderfully macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As already mentioned, the third segment is by far the scariest and biggest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabre humorous horror stories that any horror lover should appreciate. An ambitious atmosphere, a macabre sense of humor, genuine leisure and a brilliant cast make this hotel a must. In short: "The House That Dripped Blood" is a terrific horror bus that no lover of British horror can afford. Highly recommended!
