No-nonsense Inspector Hollaway (a solid twist by John Bennett) examines the disappearance of a famous thespian and reveals the evil past of a creepy old house. First and most banal narrative, "Method for Murder" - The successful author Charles Hillyer (beautifully played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by images of the murderous fiend over whom he writes in his latest book. Although this particular excursion is too obvious and predictable to be special, it still becomes a real dilemma of a real surprise ending. Second and poignant anecdote "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (the ever-rising Peter Cushing) and his equally lone friend Neville Rogers (the magnificent Joss Ackland) are both infatuated by the beguiling waxwork of a beautiful but deadly killer. Third and coolest vignette, "Sweets to the Sweet" - The quiet, reserved and mysterious widower John Reid (a typically dreadful Christopher Lee in a rare, sympathetic role) hires nanny Ann Norton (the fine Nyree Dawn Porter) for whom he is His seemingly sweet and harmless daughter Jane (a remarkably weird and annoying idea of ​​the enchanting Chloe Franks) has to take care of herself. This extraordinary, frightening episode is created by the extraordinary acting of talented child actress Franks, who lurks a truly disturbing sense of ugly evil, under a deceptively sweet and innocent angelic veneer. Fourth and Most Amusing Yarn "The Cloak" - The pompous horror movie star Paul Henderson (adoring the proud grip of Jon Pertwee) buys a mysterious cloak that makes him turn into a vampire when he wears it. This item is great fun and also benefits from the breathtaking presence of luscious Ingrid Pitt as seductive vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, who works on a delicious macabre and witty screenplay by the well-known horror writer Robert Bloch, leads a consistently fast pace and manages to create a reasonably eerie atmosphere. Kudos are also fine for Ray Parslow's crisp cinematography and the Shuddery score by Michael Dress. Highly recommended for fans of omnibus fright rates.
