I admit to being biased when I discussed this because it was my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in late night "Fear Friday" on AMC, which often draws obscure gems like these from the cold stores for new generations. I've made it my mission to watch the entire Amicus anthology series before I look at it to make sure I have perspective. In retrospect, I still rate The House That Dripped Blood as my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt and then Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series adorable are the vintage 1960s / 70s style cinematography, scary to kinky, far - fetched stories and the brutal brutality of background music - came here better together than anyone else. The film revolves around a very old English country house and the misfortune that strikes all who live there. <br /> <br /> The first story is about a horror writer and his wife who moved to this remote place to take a break from the city so he could focus on his passion. He creates a murderous figure called Dominic and soon experiences great difficulties in distinguishing reality from fiction. There is a subtle physchedelia here through his agony that I found amusing and yet scary. Oh, and those horrible props (that's British actor again, maybe that was REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who's pulled out of here his loneliness, but it only worsens when he is persecuted by lost love. He seems to have found possible redemption in a local (very spooky) wax museum, but it turns out he alone would have been much better. The third story features the Great Christopher Lee (my favorite British horror actor) as a single dad with a rather disturbed and thoroughly scary little daughter. He is constantly on guard when she gets into things she should not - like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for good reason. Lee is outstanding as an ice-cold discipline here, this man has a real talent for playing characters that are absolutely without heat !! Despite his best efforts, the little troublemaker actually learns forbidden knowledge and follows bad things ...... <br /> <br /> This conclusive story is the story of a cynical, old, experienced actor who feels the young director he works with not qualified to record a proper vampire movie, to the quality of the costumes and in particular of his cloak. So he goes in the middle of a foggy night in an old curio shop to get something "more authentic". He does not know that he has saved a really authentic vampire cloak! If you tackle it at midnight, that has a noticeable effect. When I got to this fourth and final story, it was after three in the morning and I could not stay awake the first time (not out of boredom). But I have experienced something that I have experienced hundreds of times. A curious bonding experience I have with movies or music when I'm asleep and the movie / music becomes part of my dream !! Have fun!! This bizarre story was perfect for that, and seemed a lot more frightening than it actually was the first time, because I woke up properly, as he floated on the power of the cloak and could not quite understand what happened first. Not long after, the lovely Ingrid Pitt, a movie artist, came to visit and warned her not to wear the cloak at midnight - but he did not have to bother, for she was a real vampire herself. The chintzy keyboard jingle that followed as she flew up the stairs was just hysterical !! And again in my half asleep state, it seemed pretty confusing! Side note: Make sure you catch Lee and Pitt in the classic classic The Wicker Man (1973), along with the stunning Amicus star Britt Ekland. <br /> <br /> The weakest link was the interlacing commentary between the stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! I would say objectively that the third story is best, but I like the fourth best because it makes me smile so much. I'd say it's worth watching the series in chronological order, if you can. The last movie in this series, Monster Club (1980), is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 movies, with the exception of the sometimes mediocre Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like one of them, you should watch them all at least once. You will probably return several times to see your favorites.
