Linking Story: Another first visit for me, and again this is one of Amicus' most popular anthologies - and it's easy to understand why, though I realize how the film's rather meaningless title may be misleading to some. I've certainly opted for the decision of director Peter Duffell - DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (which, incidentally, is a classic piece by Schubert heard in the film during the Peter Cushing episode) - and much more. Although the linking device itself is not great, all episodes are equally compelling and enjoyable. The production values ​​are very respectable to the budget Duffell had to work with. The latter gives the film a lot of style, which is not so common in this type of film, and regrets that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (if not as a type rather than because he felt it was under him). <br /> <br /> Now for each story: <br /> <br /> "Method For Murder": The opening segment offers no real surprises, but to make amends, it is sometimes quietly exciting and reasonably scary ( Tom Adams' "fictional" villain who looks like the long-lost brother of Boris Karloff from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); It also ends with a satisfying twist of the DIABOLIQUE type and plays a pretty strong role in the lead role for Denholm Elliott. That's all we really need. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": For the second story we are introduced to a strange romantic mood that is quite unusual for this kind of movie. Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both brilliant (and impeccably dressed) in their roles of two smeared lovers of a woman who still keeps her obsessed after such a long time and whose friendly rivalry she can only lead blindly and relentlessly to a man's fate that is literally worse than death; An ominous hallucination scene with Peter Cushing has been quite successful given the limited resources available, and Ackland's inexplicable inability or unwillingness to leave the city is reminiscent of the in-house aristocrat Bunuels THE EXTERMINATING ANGEL (1962). <br /> <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": This may be the most beautiful episode of all - with its ambiguous role, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility and is accompanied by a sympathetic Nyree Dawn Porter and the cheating innocence of Chloe Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The occult treatment of the film is both subtle and mature and ends in a powerful and extremely cooling "curtain". Trivia: Chloe Franks looks like an adult in the feathers on the CD, and when I saw her, I instantly felt familiar with her face, but could not quite put my finger on it. Later, as I read her filmography, I learned that she had played one of the leading roles in the long-standing adaptation of Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in the West End of London, which my brother and I were fortunate in. We were in the summer 2002 on vacation! Needless to say, we had no idea at that time that she had once created such a delicate and delicious display in sheer evil, mainly because of her peculiar appearance and devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": A crazy but strangely awesome vampire story (which still manages to expose many of the myths associated with the subgenre while she invented a few new ones!) which brings with it some wonderful excavations in the exploitation movie and at some point Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is wonderful as the terrible horror star that gets more than he expected when trying to bring a degree of authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt sends her image nice, though her role is somewhat subordinate to the process; Geoffrey Bayldon (who looks like Ernest Thesiger) also has a weird bit. The "silent movie" style of the end was pretty daring to attract an audience, I suppose - and while part of the humor is heavy like a "La Fauless Vampire Killers" (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), too quite contagious and certainly ends the movie with a high (and highly unusual) rating! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality are relatively satisfactory, considering that I had no other version for comparison; The main cause is a noticeable pressure damage, but never so unpleasant that it affects the movie enjoyment. As for the extras, starting with the audio commentary: Frankly, this is one of the best chats on a genre movie I can remember. Jonathan Rigby is more likely to interfere with a moderator's opinion, but director Peter Duffell can address every aspect of every aspect of the production (while more is expected of some other films!)), And thus a most enjoyable track Main feature very well completed. The featurette "A-Rated Horror Film" is again in the spotlight with Peter Duffell, but this time with valid, albeit too short, contributions by producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get movie notes, reviews, bios, and a poster / stills gallery that are wonderfully compiled (with contemporary reviews being a novelty - and a welcome one).
