The house where the blood dripped is the third in a series of seven amicus horror anthologies. If THE MONSTER CLUB is included in the series, this would result in eight films. Although this film is very different from the others, I consider the Amicus anthologies to have great memories when I loved them when I was a teenager. My feelings for her are just as strong today. <br /> <br /> I spent many years tracking down this movie. The summaries of the stories were so appealing that I went so far as to pay a substantial amount when I finally found a copy. As big as the movie was, I felt disappointed when I finally saw it. It was not quite as good as I thought. It's better than its two predecessors, but it's not nearly as good as its four successors, as I'll show. The liaison story sees John Bennett as a police inspector locating a missing person living in a mysterious old house. His journey begins at the local police station, where he learns the stories of former residents. The connection story later sees him at the estate agent who sold the house. While tempting on the paper, this linking story is flat and lifeless in practice, and by far the weakest amicus anthology. I could not help but feel that John Bennett is a poor version of Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. I would much rather have seen one of the two aforementioned actors in his role. We could have had both here - one as a police inspector and another as a real estate agent. They could have brought this weak element of the film to life much better. The film contains four stories, each aimed at a resident of the house <br /> The first story Denholm Elliott sees as the author of detective stories. He immerses himself in an exciting story about a strangler and even goes so far as to draw a sketch that helps him to write. Soon after, he begins to see visions of his own creation. Some excellent instructions from Peter Duffell, especially in the choice of camera angles, help to distract the restrained screenplay. Elliott's performance is outstanding as a tortured writer and he also helps to improve the story. The story ends with a half-turn, but I could not help creating the impression of a script that did not allow it to reach its potential. In the second story, Peter Cushing moves into the movie house. He is a lonely man who is still yearning for a beautiful young woman who once insulted him and makes a picture of him. Cushing's performance really brings this emotionally moving story to life. He is supported by the director who chooses to focus on Cushing's loneliness. This continues with a great hallucination scene that helps us to see in Cushing's mind. However, Cushing sees a figure in a nearby waxworks cabinet that looks exactly like his girl. Of course, his obsession grows, but this seemingly romantic story has a disturbing twist in the end. Joss Ackland plays Cushing's rivals, but his appearance is massively overshadowed by the late great Peter Cushing. <br /> <br /> The third and slightly best story is seen by Christopher Lee, my favorite horror actor of all time, with his daughter in the house. Mr. Lee gives his perfect icy performance here. He shows no love or attention for his daughter. He even brings a headmistress to educate her. The governess, played by Nyree Dawn Porter in another of her great performances, tries to figure out what's wrong. Without betraying too much, I can reveal that witchcraft plays a role. Christopher Lee's presence is really exciting in every scene he's in right now. Chloe Franks deserves special recognition for her massively underrated performance as a little girl who is easily the scariest character in the entire movie. The film is also worth seeing to see only this one story. <br /> <br /> The last story is almost laughable, but it certainly talks. Jon Pertwee plays a horror movie that moves into the house. He is very dissatisfied with his producers' approach to films and sees everything as cheap and spurious, especially the costumes. So he decides to buy an authentic coat for his latest vampire reel. Geoffrey Bayldon has an excellent cameo appearance as a dealer, selling an ancient coat to Pertwee. When Pertwee covers his coat, he develops fangs and essentially transforms into a vampire. The performance of Pertwee must be seen to be believed. It's really funny. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story, but her talent is wasted in a role that should have been much bigger. <br /> <br /> The connection story ends with a loose connection to the final story. This is particularly appropriate as the inspector has searched for Pertwee and of course decides to visit the house. The rest you can train yourself. As weak as the linking story is, it has a decent, if somewhat unintentionally funny ending. <br /> <br /> I'm convinced the blame for the inadequacies of a really great movie is not lying to Peter Duffell, the director who really does what he can. I think the script was just too cautious and lacked the ambition that can be found in the four later films. <br /> <br /> All in all, the house where the blood ran out, despite its shortcomings, is a must for fans of the Amicus anthologies, fans of other Amicus films or fans of Portmanteau horror films. If my summary gives the film enough appeal, look at it. You will enjoy it!
