Four tales of terror regarding events in a sinister old mansion are told to skeptical Scotland Yard investigator Holloway (John Bennett) as he examines the whereabouts of the last inhabitant of the house who has dripped blood. <br /> <br /> You can find it difficult to find the words to describe the true brilliance. This seventies horror anthology is quite remarkable in the way that such a visually innocent movie can trigger horror even among the most demanding audience. Incredibly, one can count the number of violence portrayals on screen, on the one hand, but the film is still capable of portraying brutality and manages to evoke the most terrifying images in the viewer's own imagination, without resorting to the obvious path of graphic violence , In a rare feature of the horror of the early seventies, the technical details of the film are virtually flawless, from the flawless performances of the star-studded performers (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the outstanding directing and story-telling Courtesy of Peter Duffell and the master of the macabre writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real discomfort you can get with The House That Dripped Blood are the tiny plots at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the image, but even those little details can not affect the overall enjoyment. <br /> <br /> The first segment titled ?? Method for Murder 'tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror writer who rents the spooky house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer repeatedly begins to see the murderous figure from his story in and around the house, and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly extraordinary and his character gets a startling impression of credibility. The key to this segment, as with the others, is the mystery of the events that take place. The viewer is asked if the sight of Dominic's murderous nature is just a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder, or if the character is actually there. Duffell's direction succeeds in creating a disturbing atmosphere, coupled with a slow, methodical approach to creating the tension and excitement needed to thrill the segment. <br /> <br /> In the following segment, Peter Cushing is introduced as the new inmate of the Eerie House. On a trip to the city, he encounters a wax museum of horror and decides to venture into it. There he discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman who seems too familiar to him. Cushing's character (Philip) is then accompanied by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), who also wants to visit the museum, much to the chagrin of Philip. In this section, the viewer only gets very subtle clues to the Wax Woman's secret, but in general the viewer remains in the dark. This particular story is far less tense, but the segment still manages to maintain its mysterious atmosphere through a particularly shattering dream sequence and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is once again extraordinary and though this is probably the weakest of the four stories, it is undeniable that Waxworks is still a gratifying entry into the film through a creative direction and believable acting. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' follows, which in my opinion is the largest of the four segments? Sweets to the sweetness. Christopher Lee starred as John Reid, the father of a young girl who initially has an inexplicable fear of fire, which will soon be resolved by the caring nurse Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). John, however, seems to have a dark secret about the family. Sweets to the Sweet is undoubtedly the most sober and complicated of the four stories, and therefore the segment is undeniably captivating to the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues to the truth behind the family are released, but only in the immensely gruesome final scene does everything fit in neatly. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and tension to create the amazing atmosphere that made the whole movie great. Accompanied by a beautifully arranged soundtrack, "Sweets to the Sweet," is an exercise in lingering anxiety that seizes the viewer by the neck and refuses to let go until the agonized screams that end this piece finally cease. I personally believe that this short segment would have become a fun and immersive feature film, and I would give that segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with the story of the missing actor The investigator was originally interested. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt play two actors who are working on a horror movie. Pertwee's character is disgusted with the film's amateurish production and props, and he buys his own vampire cloak from a strange shop filled with secrets. Strange things happen, however, when he wears the coat and soon fears the worst. This segment, in which the inspector is under the events, is a nice way to put together a wonderful anthology. Although the segment has an irrefutable character, it makes the story so pleasant in a sense. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that could be considered scary in any way, and the predictable end could have been better executed, but the segment has its redeeming qualities. Horror fans should pay attention to Pertwee's short commentary on Bela Lugosis and Christopher Lee's portrayal of Dracula. This somewhat weird and carefree approach to the last segment is essentially a reasonable and almost natural way to end the picture, even if it fails the movie in comparison to the earlier examples of suspense-driven horror. <br /> <br /> In summary? The House That Drops Blood is one of the biggest horror anthologies that offers incredible cast, great stories, and overall direction. There are certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and while fans of blood and guts will be completely disappointed, fans of strained horror efforts should enjoy this movie immensely. My rating for ?? The House That Dripped Blood '?? 8.10.
