Horror Omnibus movies were popular in the 1970's. I do not particularly like it myself, but this is an undeniably outstanding piece of British horror cinema. The House That Dripped Blood is a four-story horror bus that surrounds a creepy old house in the country and is told by a realtor to a Scotland Yard officer known horror movie stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who will recognize horror fans as one of Lee's protagonists in Britain's greatest horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first section of the film titled "Method For Murder" tells the story of a horror storywriter whose creation; a strangler named "Dominic" is brought to life through his own imagination. This story is very exciting. Through his girlfriend, he and the audience are led to believe that what he sees is a figure of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it makes up for its lack of originality through its atmosphere and its final turn; This works incredibly well and was a real surprise. <br /> <br /> In the second story entitled "Waxworks", Peter Cushing plays the lead role. This story tells the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a waxworks cabinet and decides to go inside. Inside he discovers a woman who is familiar to him and whom we later find out is a murderer. What the woman's relationship to Phillip entailed is never really explained, but the story relies more on the mystery to build tension than to plan details. Cushing is later joined by his friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland), and then the story really begins. Setting up a waxwork museum full of murderers for a horror movie is not a new idea; The same shot was used with great success in the great 1966 horror movie "Chamber of Horrors". Although this is not as great as the one in the aforementioned film, the force of the scenery is used no less than a terrible effect, which is largely due to a sense of claustrophobia caused by the limited area of ​​the movie museum , Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch and see how he avoids an ax-wielding madman is an eye-catcher for the horror fan. Although it's my least favorite, this story is still entertaining and interesting enough not to let this anthology down. <br /> <br /> The movie continues with "Sweets for the Sweet". In this story, the legendary Christopher Lee is portrayed as a seemingly exaggerated father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played out. It lets the audience guess; We know that something is wrong with either the father or the daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. As usual, Christopher Lee portrays his character with a high degree of sinfulness; the audience has to take care of his actions because he has given his daughter a doll and that she should neither go to school nor have toys. The map of the exact entity is held close to the chest, typified by the really cold line in which Lee tells his babysitter that he is actually scared of his daughter. The end of this section is great, in my opinion one of the most beautiful endings in a horror story ever told, and will stay with you long after the end of the credits. <br /> <br /> The bus ends with "The Cloak", definitely the most comical of the four. This story is about a hammering horror movie star who, unimpressed by the technical side of his latest film, goes out and buys a coat. Of course, this cape turns out to be a real vampire cape. In contrast to the other three stories, it seems to be made out of laughter. That's not a bad thing, since the majority of the humor is funny and makes a nice contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story agrees well with the end of the film's all-encompassing story, which is a very scary but humorous conclusion to a very good movie. Look for Dracula for Christopher Lee. A nice gesture, I think. All in all, if you want a horror bus, you really can not go wrong with The House, which has dripped blood. Just the third story makes the movie worth your time and this is indeed a very solid horror movie.
