Having recently seen the Peter O'Toole version, I was ready to be impressed by the clever writing in this version. For the fights little time is spent, which I prefer. Instead, we are shown all the many motives underlying both the French and English politicians (who held Normandy) and the priests who killed them. Even the worst hypocrite of all, the Archbishop, leaves us with the thought, "Of course she was innocent, the innocent people always had to suffer for the ambitions of the powerful, she had no idea what she said, no idea, she had no idea what The church in such matters. "Preminger was faithful to the myths surrounding her death, and I appreciated the preview on the tape on which the flames appeared and burned them. Why? They used gas jets in the movie and two of them were stopped. Suddenly the air pressure blew off and the flames jumped right on her. Fortunately for them, they did not have to repeat the shot because it was so realistic: it was burned !! A pretty traumatic introduction for a girl from Iowa in her new acting career. John Gielgud did a great job. He is the English politician who orchestrates the show. He also points out that if you have sentenced someone to death, you do not want to be around to see them die. Next time you might shy away from your 'duty' ... not that such delights disturb the soul of our future president. We Christians, even the most anti-Semitic, have no problem using the Old Testament when it comes to the death penalty, even though it has been overridden by Jesus' words. Do public executions like this little girl. The smell of burned flesh could bring us respectable people for the senses of our souls. <br /> <br /> The only little "selection" I have about this film is that we are not shown why the priest who brutally burned them is so suddenly so contrite, to madness. There should have been more extension of his character, more dialogue - since the sudden "coming to the senses" makes no sense. <br /> <br /> And whether Graham Greene does it on purpose or not, St. Joan is such a self-assured little upstart, you're almost, but not so glad she's coming. When she refused to live in prison, for some reason, I thought of Anne Sexton, the poet who accused Sylvia Plath of "stealing her death" when she committed suicide ... knowing that such action guaranteed immortality , You have to ask yourself !! <br /> <br /> If there ever was a good example of obsessive thoughts and logic-proof departments, then this is one. The hl. Joan should have become a Buddhist and calm the "voices in her head".
