Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (screenplay by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions of his time. It was denigrated by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the audience did not respond to a film that lacked the piety and glamor expected of a historic pageant. As with "Peeping Tom," the reaction was malicious and unwarranted. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions of Joan of Arc (her real name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is faithful to the spirit of the original play, not just literally emotional level, but also formal. His film is a brechtian study of the functioning of institutions, the division within and outside of various factions that all want to seize power. Therefore, we can not identify with any of the characters on any emotional level, including Joan himself. Like Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life offers an eerie parallel to her role here), she is portrayed as an innocent, a figure of purity, her actions and presence corruption and emptiness is revealed in everyone. As such, Seberg plays her as a saint as well as a madwoman. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which shows in some places) conveys the freshness and youth of Jeanne, proving that Jeanne la Pucelle is a modest, uneducated peasant girl protecting her village's natural intelligence , By no means did she deserve the sharp criticism she received at the time of the movie's first release, a performance that went far beyond the reach of a first actress with no previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took a secular attitude towards Joan, who saw her as a medieval feminist, and was not content to be a rustic daughter whose fate is to marry or be a whore, finding soldiers on battlefields , Her beliefs, her voices, her visions mingling her with words like "phantasy" and "common sense" lead her to wear the armor of her fellow soldiers to lead them into battle to the invading Englishman from France to hunt. <Br /> <br /> And yet it can be said that the film leans more for the court of the Dauphin (Richard Widmark), the office of the clergy, the Joan under the direction of Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably staffed) And the actions of the Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud) then interest in Joan himself. The magnificent ensemble cast (all men) shows figures of making Machievellians (though Niccolo's story precedes) opportunists treating religion as a childlike toy used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue makes the actors happy to let go. John Gielgud as a decidedly rational Earl, whose intelligence (though associated with corruption) allows him to calculate the exact way he can ensure that Joan is burned at the stake, and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon brings this intelligent Theologians a three-dimensional portrait will give Joan the fair trial that will surely plead her guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a real revelation. Widmark presents the casting type you'll ever find in a raging, comic caricature that is as close as this movie comes close to comic relief. A comic performance that feels like an imitation of Jerry Lewis is far more than a brave future ruler of France. Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' in black and white, the cinematographer is Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and who did the life and death of Colonel Blimp in color. It is totally reluctant to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Preminger's penchant for tracking long uninterrupted shots is key to the film's effectiveness. There is nowhere in his staging scene a wasted movement. <br /> <br /> It is also the direction in which Preminger moves the most. Mature (and most neglected time) focuses on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how the individual behaves according to his principles. These topics are most directly dealt with in his film. As always, he keeps things unpredictable and does not find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
