Miss Doctor is just as good a demonstration as the once great film industry in Western Europe has dropped in the last 40 years. Then, in the late 1960s, when the big Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France and England filmed films to fill the gap left by Hollywood's decline. There were the James Bond pictures (Doctor No was a surprise hit in the US, it was first released at the Century Theater chain in New York for a 99-cent afternoon prize), the Clint Eastwood spaghetti western (with A Fistful of dollars) a trader who never paid the Italian producers a penny, and French thrillers who usually went to art houses, with the exception of The Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions like Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Miss Doctor. Miss Doctor was good enough with his large budget for the time and the associated world talent that the audience will remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, a British intelligence officer, plays in Miss Doctor, where he tells a trapped spy he should either talk or play the wall game. The wall is opposite a firing squad, with little chance for the spy to win the game. This kind of cynical attitude was good in the Vietnam War of 1969 across the country. The steaming scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not hurt the artists' chances of getting parts in Hollywood movies. Hollywood studios were setting aside their overseas sales and production businesses. Fox would not produce films like The Sicilian Clan anymore, Columbia would not sell films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went further and cut almost the entire movie production. He sold his chain of theaters in India for the value of the floor and unloaded his Borehamwood studio when Kerkorian plundered the studio to raise money for building his Las Vegas casino (where a Bally Casino Gift Shop sold MGM memorabilia at bargain prices All that was left over from the auction of MGM's warehouses: Paramount distributed Miss Doctor, but Charles Bludhorn from Gulf and Western, who had taken over the company and took over cans The old board of directors of the studio released Universal's movie library (as I did and really got into movies after production boss Robert Evans hit one hit after the other, but that was in the '70s. Miss Doctor was buried with his lesbian scene, and in the 80's surfaced on the local stations cut versions of the film. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was usually a chubby guy as he got older, especially in the BBC detective series Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British movie Titanic, he played his standard British officer. In Miss Doctor he had the chance to be much harder than usual, as I remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is accurate, of its role and of course of these cavalry horses wearing gas masks and wearing protective caps riding into battle. This was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was a director who directed this First World War spy movie in which the money spent on production values ​​really pops up on the screen.
