This particular episode of Smallville is probably the best episode that has aired since reunification. There are many reasons. For example, it brings the series back to some of its roots. It welcomes Lionel from an allegedly long absence at the Luthorcorp Plaza office in Metropolis. This room has not been in Smallville for a long time and it brings back many memories of the past of Smallville. Not to mention, Lionel's talks with Lex are always admirable. <br /> <br /> Another pleasing return is, well, it supposes, Bart Allen (aka Impulse), AC (aka Aquaman) and Victor Stone (also Cyborg). , Steven Deknight not only unites the former lawmakers, but also inserts them into the Smallville formula so that it almost feels like a full-length movie. Basic story, Green Arrow forms the league, tries to blow up 33.1, Bart is captured, Clark rescues him and the plant is blown up in the kingdom com. Everything is good and graceful, with a good mix of stealth, action, pace and tension. Oh, and Cyborg has some cool new upgrades that do justice to the character of the Justice League :). The music is probably what makes this episode work so well. If you remember correctly, the first episode directed by Steven Deknight was Season 4 Agless. This was a mediocre episode, but something felt out of place. Maybe it was the music or acting, or the fact that Clark ended up saying, "We did not find you, you found us," people lost faith in the formula. But fortunately, Steve Deknight has done it himself in this Justice episode. <br /> <br /> I had a few questions for Justice, who fell into the top 10. Especially the far too cheesy exit of the Justice League the expedition of the Ridge plant. I mean, it would have been so much cooler to say that Green Arrow and Cyborg set off on Oliver's bike (see arrow episode). Clark and Impulse should obviously have run, and Aquaman should have swum on another route. But that was so unbelievably corny that it was 2 points from the full 10 points. Second, another cheesy moment, not as bad as the first, but when Green Arrow says, "Let's save the world." That made me jump. All in all, the pros outweigh the acting performances, the music, the direction and the production values, and this is still one of the best episodes in the history of Smallville and perhaps the second best episode in season 6. <Br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 ...
