EL MAR is a hard, strong, absolutely brilliant and courageous work of film art. Director Agustí Villaronga has adapted a film by Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida from Blai Bonet's novel that traces the profound effects of war on children's minds and how this exposure ruins adult lives. And although the focus is on the vile tattoo of the war on children, the transmission to similar effects on soldiers and citizens in adulthood is clear. This movie becomes one of the best anti-war documents without having to resort to pamphleteering: the end result has far greater impact due to its history, which develops after the children's march towards adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children is shown the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatened by blackouts and nightly battles of civilians. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) testify to the terror of murdering men and the revenge that drives one of them to murder and suicide. These large-eyed children become adults and carry all the mental illnesses and traumas that are repressed in their heads. <br /> <br /> We then meet the three who survive until adulthood, where they are all detained in a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) has survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "John" Morell (July Mira), and has kept his lifestyle private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a weak sexually repressed gay man, whose cover is his commitment to Catholicism and the blurring of delusional self-mutilation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) became a nun and serves the patients in the sanatorium. The three are reassembled by their environment in the sanatorium and slowly show the scars of their war experiences from childhood. Tur longs for Ramala's love, Ramala longs to be free of his morel, and Francisca has to face her own inner needs, which are covered by the habit of her white nun. The thread between life and death, between lust and love and between devotion and destruction is played out. Further details would destroy the film's impact on the individual viewer, but suffice it to say that it is graphic sex and full nudity (in some of the most amazing raw materials ever recorded in the film), and the viewer Be prepared to witness any form of brutality you can imagine. These scenes are of utmost importance to this viewer, and director Villaronga is to be welcomed for his persistence and courage in making this story so intense. The actors are great both as children and as adults: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are particularly good in overly difficult roles. The camera of Jaime Peracaula and the haunting music of Javier Navarrete serve the vision of the director. A tough movie, but one that is highly recommended for those who are not afraid of the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. Grady harp
