"Ghosts" Question of being cool in German cinema <br /> <br /> There are not many German films of the last ten years that have interested me so much. Yes, the problem of most German films is also in this movie "ghosts". He is uncooked in some places to see well. Especially the character of Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But that is always the case in German films. Everyone has to learn this coolness - is the realism in these films. That's hard to understand. But in this case, it makes sense because she steals and lies - she's the kind of girl who's better than never being loved because she's lost. This is not clear to the other girl Nina in this movie. She loves her - and she would lose her. But Nina has lost everything. She will play with gentle emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you have to keep it for twenty years, said Herbert Achterbusch. This is so often in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - this is outside - and she has no chance there. This film does not try to give it a role in every place. That's one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw everything away - and nowhere! But the actress plays this difficult role very interesting. On the other side - there are the parents - the followers of the two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - they have money and live in the world with opera music. But the movie is always in the distance. There is not much to explain. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this movie there is a scene that you will never forget. The two girls came to a casting. And there they should say how they find each other. Toni will stay in this scene. She said a fantastic story - has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introversion way. There is no exhibition in it. She looks down and says what happened here. This is a great moment. In the next scene at the party with red pictures, this feeling goes on - then Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the movie is - in the German way of coolness - garbage - here ends the circle of mourning closes. But there was a moment - where something else happened - and that moment was important. He is more than a German Cool - and these moments are rare in German cinema at this time!
