"Gespenster" (2005) forms together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008) the ghost trilogy by director Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the cream-de-la-cream German directors of our time. <br /> <br /> Roughly speaking, "Ghosts" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was abducted as a 3-year-old child while her mother turned around in Berlin for a minute - and never has ever seen. Since then, the mother always travels to Berlin whenever possible, and with the help of time-prolonged photography she is looking for girls aged about their present age. As we hear later in the film, the mother was often convinced that she had found her daughter Marie. This time, when she meets Nina, everything is different. <br /> <br /> The film does not bring any solutions, even partial solutions, and so it is rather disappointing. Nor are we prepared to decide if the mother is really insane or not, if her actual daughter is still alive or not. The most disappointing is the end. From what we've seen in the movie, it's unfortunate for the observer to be left out because the author leaves Nina alone. The simple departure as a symbol that nothing has changed can be a strong effect of dramaturgy (eg in "Umberto D."), but in "ghosts" it is postponed. <br /> <br /> Since critics I have suggested Freudian motives in this movie. Let me try my own: why do not similar people know each other, especially the people someone else knows? This is a pretty insane question which, from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, corresponds to the concept of the individual. The person is such a person who does not share any of their defining characteristics with another person. The Aristotelian answer to my question is thus: they do not know each other because their similarity is in pure change. Anyone who is not crazy believes that. But what about the case when these similar persons have other similarities that can hardly be changed, eg. Scarves on the left side under the ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under the right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context from which this film is made, though I'm not sure if the director even recognized it. In spite of our modern, Aristotelian world, superstition is preserved in the mythologies of people around the globe that similar people also share parts of their individuality, and this individuality is therefore not a little unstable, but rather diffuse, so that the boundaries between individuals exist openly, such and similar beliefs, in spite of our otherwise strong rational thinking, form a strong backbone of irrationalism - a source of ghosts of the most interesting kind.
