I am always surprised how often you see something about World War II on German television. You would think they would not open old wounds, but there is not a week when there is no documentary or film about the horror and cruelty of this war. Maybe it's a way of dealing with their past, I do not know, but you really can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said that most of these documentary films are really worth a watch because they never try to gloss over the truth, and the same goes for their films (think, for example, "Downfall" or "Downfall" as you might be it is also very realistic now. <br /> <br /> One of these films is "Rosenstrasse." It tells a true story and deals with the subject of intermarriage during the war, even if the film is with a family in the US today After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly turned into an Orthodox Jew, even though she was not very religious before, she does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but when she starts, in her mother's troubled childhood Hannah knows how little she has ever known about her mother's past The fact that this film deals with the subject of intermarriage during the Nazi regime busy, is quite surprising. As far as I know, there is no other movie that deals with this topic. (For those who did not yet know that being married to a so-called pure Aryan man or a so-called pure woman meant for many Jews that they were not sent to a concentration camp immediately but had to work in a factory). Not only does it tell about the problems of intermarriage, it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and relatives. How difficult was it sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, mostly women, did everything in their power to free their husbands once they were captured and imprisoned in Rosenstrasse ... <br /> < Acting is really good and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really do that for me (and that's the only part you'll see in it) ) the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I've missed a lot of what's going on today. At least from the part that is in the US, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows more about her mother's past definitely works. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in everything, it has something to do with World War II, and if you are not looking for action shots, this is definitely a movie you should watch. This is not a movie where you see battles or shootings, but it's certainly an interesting movie because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war that is little known. I give an 8/10.
