In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a living carpet of love and courage. The film depicts a family drama of alienation between a mother and her daughter and the story of German women protesting on Rose Street to free their Jewish husbands from extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the focus of the film is on the rescuing of a child from the Holocaust by a German and the result of the child's experience losing his mother. While Mrs. von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has made a difference, she does not use it to excuse German society. In fact, it shows how the wealthy artists and intellectuals of German high society in the midst of torture and extermination over their lives and festivals, without paying attention to the suffering. The Rosenstrasse opens in New York as The Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit Shiva, a seven-day mourning that takes place after a funeral, where the Jewish family members fully remember and mourn the deceased dedicate. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is not allowed to receive calls from her fiancé Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to follow an orthodox tradition she had previously rejected. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah asks her and learns about a woman named Lena, who took Ruth as a child when her mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis. She swears to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. <br /> <br /> Her search leads her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety years old, and interviews her on the pretext that she is a journalist investigating certain aspects of the Holocaust , With tireless memory, Lena tells her story of how she, as a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann) sought her husband, the Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who had disappeared and was suspected of protection despite his imprisonment usually Jews are given in mixed marriages. In a brilliant performance by Reimann, Lena discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held prisoner in a former factory on Rosenstrasse. In the freezing cold night, German women, whose husbands are missing, stand together outside the building, growing their numbers daily until they are one thousand, shouting, "Give us back our men." Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo, and teases her after her mother is killed. Lena comes from a German aristocratic family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Wehrmacht officer. After denying her father's help to free Fabian, she asks her brother to tell another officer, "I know what they do to the Jews, I saw it." With his support, she is brave enough to bypass channels and reach the top, where her beauty and charm prove irresistible to Culture Minister Joseph Goebbels, a well-known womanizer. While this fictitious part of the film has been criticized as humiliating to the female demonstrators, it is a historical fact that Goebbels has been very active in making decisions in Rosenstrasse. The director Margarethe von Trotta, an activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. She made a film about socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about the relationship between two sisters, one of whom uses political violence to achieve their liberal goals. In the Rosenstraße, where she worked for eight years, she had to compromise and add today's fictional element to make her film. That it works so well is a homage to Ms. von Trotta's art and the beautiful script by Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events in Rosenstraße lie Germans who say, "We could not do anything". Now, the opposite has been proved by Trotta that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example has not prevailed.
