Born in Berlin in 1942, Margarethe von Trotta was an actress and today she is a very important director and author. She was described as a director, perhaps even unfairly caricatured, whose commitment to bringing a woman's sensibility to the screen outweighs her artistic strengths. "Rose Street," which has garnered mixed and even strange reviews (the New York Times article was one of the most negative reviews I've ever read in this newspaper) is not a perfect movie. It is a beautiful film and a testimony to the rare amalgamation of successful opposition to the genocidal Nazi regime, in which all peoples generously demonstrate powerless Germans demonstrating on a street in Berlin. Co-author of Trotta uses the incident in Rosenstraße in connection with a young woman's search for information about her mother's life, which her mother had never published in the German capital during World War II. The husband of Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) has passed away and in a surprising turn to an orthodox Jewish lifestyle that seems to have been out of balance for a long time, Ruth not only sits "Shivah" (the weeklong mourning rite of the Jews), but insists to follow the strict prohibition of their faith. Her apartment in New York City reflects the wealth that her deceased husband's work ensures. Her America-born daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) and her brother are somewhat averse as Mother has adopted restrictive Orthodox Jewish practices, but they are hitting. The mother coldly rejects the presence of Hannah's fiancee, a non-Jewish woman named Luis (Fedja van Huet). A domestic crisis could well break out, as Ruth warns that she will deny Hannah if she does not give up giving up handsome Luis. Stay tuned. <br /> <br /> A cousin arrives to show her respect, and also lets an interested Hannah know about a wartime secret about Mum's childhood in Berlin. Hannah is intrigued - she asks her mother, who resolutely refuses to discuss that part of her life. That's very, very realistic. I grew up with parents who had just fled National Socialist Germany, and I knew many children whose families, on the whole, partly escaped the Holocaust. These days just were not discussed. <br /> <br /> When Hannah learned that a German non-Jew had saved Mrs. Ruth's life, she travels to Berlin and hopes that the rescuer is still breathing. If she was not, this would have been a very short film. But Ruth, who pretends to be a historian, is looking for the 90-year-old Lena Fischer (Doris Schade), who is now a widow. While Lena tells her story happily to be interviewed, but tormented by repressed memories, the scenes shift rather seamlessly between today's Berlin and the war capital. The young Lena from 1943 (Katja Riemann) was a fine pianist, who was married to the Jewish violinist Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). With the emergence of the Nazi regime, he had to use "Israel" as a middle name, just as Jewish women had to add "Sarah" to their names (by the way, I wish IMDb had not put Fabian's name on the list of characters with the fake) , "Israel" included - it just perpetuates a name used by the Nazis as a sign of classification and humiliation. "While Germany deported most of its Jewish population to concentration camps, those married to" Aryans "were expelled - for a while. By 1943, when the regime decided to take them too (most were men, a minority were Jewish women married to non-Jews), the summary here shows in all its frightening intensity. <br /> <br / > The young Lena tries to find her husband and she and many other women only know that they are locked in a building in the Rosenstraße The crowd of worried women is building up, some are politely seeking help from German officers who predictably reject aid and verbally abusing them ("Jew-loving whore" is a term) .As a subplot, Lena more or less takes the eight-year-old e Ruth, who was hiding when her mother was confiscated (remember, Ruth is now sitting in Manhattan Shiva). The child Ruth is displayed by Svea Lohde. <br /> <br /> Through increasingly angry protests, the women finally prevail. The men and a handful of women are released. As in the true history of the Nazis, one of the rare, almost unprecedented times when the insane have acknowledged their defeat in their program of Murder Thought (another was the end of the euthanasia campaign to liberate the realm from mental defects and chronic invalids, but that's another story. <br /> <br /> From Trotta, the tension builds up and every woman's story is both personal and universal. "Hannah continues to nudge the aging Lena, who slowly gathers one's suspicions has that she is not dealing with an ordinary historian, but with someone who needs to know something about the rescued girl, the child whose mother was murdered. <br /> <br /> The contrasts between the Rose Road of 1943, a set, and today 's street in the living, rebuilt, united Berlin form a recurring thematic element.Today' s Berlin enters the heritage, but not the scars he's a monstrous past. Trotta does that very well. <br /> <br /> The main actors are consistently impressive. Lena's husband is strong, but also completely helpless in captivity, with a potential deportation prospect (demonstrably understood by all characters - including the local police and the military - as a one-way trip to oblivion). , The older Ruth is catalytically forced to confront demons who have been repressed in their happy lives in New York for a long time. Hannah is very credible as a young woman whose death causes a father's death to discover her family's past. These things happen (though the Times critic does not seem to know that). Von Trotta's hand is safe, but not perfect. A scene with goebbels at a soiree enjoying Lena's violin playing is unnecessary and distracting. The suggestion that she may have gone to bed with the Propaganda Minister, the most fanatical Hitlerite, to save her husband is detrimental to the amazing performance of the demonstrating spouses and relatives. Most German officers come from the central font and are formed by the Erich von Stroheim School "Copy and Paste" of Teutonic malice. But that is understandable. <br /> <br /> The history of Rosenstrasse has been the subject of books and articles, and some claim it is a paradigm for arguing that many more Jews could have been saved if more Germans protested. Unfortunately, this argument is nonsense. The German women who occupied Rosenstrasse were deeply and understandably interested in themselves. Most Germans were somewhere between passive and virulent anti-Semitism. That's why the protest in Rosenstrasse was practically unique. Whether one buys or rejects the Goldenhagen thesis, according to which most Germans were accomplices of the murderers, it can not be denied that the endemic anti-Semitism broke out before the Nazis from 1933 to a virulent strain. The older Lena notes that what is of the women was reached, was "a ray of light" in a bad time. Most men and women who came from a death trip survived the war. "A ray of light" was and from Trotta's film is a beacon, which shows that some were saved by the courage of mostly ordinary women and for every rescued life there is a reason to celebrate. And always will. <br /> <br /> 9/10
