This was just another wonderful movie of the Berliner Festspiele. But unlike "Yes" by Sally Potter, which I saw a few days ago, I had a strong desire to embrace the whole world after leaving the cinema and was just happy to be alive. This time, the opposite happened. There was something that pulled me down, and the air suddenly felt cold and heavy to breathe. It was as though nothing was left, all hope had been brought to a dead place. Nina's life seemed somber and imprisoned, but then one On this beautiful day, there is this kind of luminosity that opens the horizon and makes her believe in the fulfillment of her dreams. There was no one at her side, but suddenly she finds a companion, just out of nowhere, someone who could share the most hidden feelings of her life. This person was Toni, a vagabond girl who seems to have no roots, just like herself. <br /> <br /> But the title of the movie is "Ghosts," and ghosts appear and disappear as they please there is no way to keep it? Ghosts also represent the hidden fantasies of humans, strange ideas that occupy your mind and are only perceived by you and hide from all other people. Françoise, a Frenchwoman, is a victim of such ghosts. She once lost her child daughter in Berlin, who had apparently been deprived of her in a supermarket in a moment of carelessness. Now time has passed, and Françoise is back in Berlin, still looking for the missing child. Nina could be this child, after all, she has the same scar on her ankle and the heart-shaped birthmark between her shoulder blades that seems to prove her true identity. <br /> <br /> And Nina accepts this idea, after all, she does not just need a companion, she also longs for a mother. But in the end she is empty-handed, Toni has disappeared with a man and her alleged mother turns out to be a sick woman. "Marie is dead," concludes Francois husband, and the statement could not be more sobering. Nina is just a "Niña", a girl without a name, there is no hope for a divine fulfillment. There is no Marie in this world who accompanies our lonely life. So in the end, we see Nina all alone, walking the street that's opened before her, into a future that seems bleak and uncertain.
