I do not think many films (especially comedies) have added a memorable, quotable dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I'm not going to illustrate - you can see a remarkably long list of quotes in this thread - but any film that can bring memorable dialogue into a memorable dialogue, such as defending the use of expensive copper pipes instead of brass for plumbers, is amazing to me , It is not the only line that emerges and shapes our memory. How about a restaurant waiter who regrets a proposed marriage because he means the loss of an old bachelor? Or a cute older dog breeder who encourages his pack to howl the moon? Or Perry (John Mahonys) description of a student's adolescent promise as "moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of brilliant screenplays, a first-rate direction and a good ensemble cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is different, but something worse). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all involved in conspiracies and cross-purposes that examine the nature of love and how it deals with it. Is it a good thing to be totally in love? Cher and Cage seem to think so in the end, but Dukakis knows that real love drives the individual crazy (and Cage also gets a glimmer of realization when he and Cher quibble on his return from Opera La outside his home bohemian). Is infidelity of men a way to avoid thoughts of death. Dukakis believes it and (oddly enough - although he is not completely convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity - Dukakis realizes early on that Gardenia's unusual behavior is bound up with infidelity, and Cher literally encounters Gardenia and his friend in the opera (but Gardenia also meets Cher's similar infidelity on Aiello). But coincidence also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles over Dukakis, who is walking with John Mahoney, and believes she has an affair. <br /> <br /> There are also nice little moments in the movie. Cher's observation of flowers that lead to the reception of flowers. She hears the argument in the liquor store and its solution. Best of all, however, is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Cher's uncle and Aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's charming and kind comment to Raymond on the effects of the moonlight on him. It's the cutest moment in the entire movie. <br /> <br /> It's close to a flawless movie. After more than a dozen times in so many years, I have only found two points that are not as smooth as they should be. When Cher is in Cage's bakery, his assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions she secretly fell in love with Cage, but was afraid to tell him. She used to be a little torn to Cher, who quickly took her place. However, nothing seems to be done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit her uncle's and aunt's daily business profits is instantly thrown in the final seven minutes of the movie - but dropped just as fast. Should there be some plots dropped, besides that Cher and Vincent Gardenia were working from a homeless shelter as penance? It's a bit of a nuisance, but I think it's just a desire to see more of this movie because it's so good.
