The bittersweet twist of this movie contains a wonderful element of romance that evokes a wild passion! These qualities of idealistic images, which "Moonstruck" possesses, spur the end result of a resounding verdict from virtually every prominent Hollywood critic. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, simply put, they are "yesterday". "Moonstruck" is a cohesive film that brings to life the naivety of an old Italian neighborhood in New York City. New York City has always been a big melting pot, with many bizarre manners typical of New Yorkers. This includes many Italian Americans living in New York! In the mid and late 1980s, many strong associations with various cultural stereotypes came to an abrupt end. The polarization of ethnicity was a well-established scourge in American history, which was widespread for several generations before this film was made. These generalizing tendencies still exist today, but are more soothing and less recognizable! For this Italian family of a bygone era, confusion, indecision, arousal and, of course, love have the comic companionship of a completely human understanding for them! The kindred spirits with all who are in "Moonstruck" seem to grasp individual weaknesses. One might wonder that Cher plays the main role, as she is more known as an entertainer than the first movie star of the big box office. In "Moonstruck," however, I think she was unbelievably good for her role and seemed absolutely believable in a relatively unbelievable situation. All characters in "Moonstruck" are very rough on the edges, really tough and are not afraid of an impressive duel of adversity. The funniest aspect of their lives is imperfection, and they are well aware that weathering the storm has a constructive purpose! I found the acting in this movie sensational. All the relationships in this film bring with them a promising potential for a living illumination, as everyone knows how the basic nature of each other really is !! Nothing is glamorous for this family, nothing is presumptuous romantic and nothing is overly emotional (only moderate). The fact is that the entire family is obviously and constantly plagued and overwhelmed by an extremely zealous and sincere cupid in their entire lives. The taking of moonbeams in the true sense of the word can indeed have a pleasingly impressive effect on determination, masked mysticism and resistance to the proverbial ore. That's how it all means !! The homely and strange principle in this movie is basically one of; Be honest, get angry; Be honest, get confrontational; Be honest, get distorted and emphatic; Most importantly; Be honest and fall in love !! This is Cher's best performance ever as an actress !! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis were wonderfully flawed in "Moonstruck". Such performances of these three were perfect for the kinetic energy of the characters in this movie! Director Norman Jewison (Famous for "Cincinnati Kid," "Thomas Crowne Affair," and most notably, "In The Heat Of The Night," which received the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1967), shows many sharp and humanistic instincts of the intended incongruity of this To convey films! I am of Italian-American descent. Cher is not an Italian, and neither the writer nor the director! I think non-Italians like to eat our food, so they can use our culture to make a fabulous movie! It's refreshing to know that a movie can be wonderful and has an incredibly happy ending !! For those of you who do not like this movie, I have only one thing to say "Snap Out Of It !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is totally happy! Total eighties !! and a total of five stars !! See it !!
