This movie is still an absolute favorite. Only a presumptuous, humorless idiot would not enjoy this wonderful movie. This movie feels like a piece of warm apple pie with French vanilla ice cream! I think that's Cher's best work of all time and her most credible performance. Cher has always been blessed with charisma, good looks and an enviably thin figure. Whether you like it or not, who sounds like Cher? Cher has definitely made a name for herself in the entertainment industry and will be remembered long after the others. She is one of the most unique artists in the world. It's funny, because who would have thought Cher as a naturally gifted actress? It stands above the so-called movie "Stars" of today. Cher is a real actor on the same level as Debra Winger, Alfre Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and some others, as she never seems to be "acting", she really becomes the character of the character. She has earned more than the respect of her peers and the film audience. <br /> <br /> Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - the characters, the scenery, the dialogue, the food. I never get tired of watching this movie. <br /> <br /> Every time I see the scene where they are all sitting around the dining table in Rose's house, I stop the remote to see what a delicious meal Rose's helping. I've seen the spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can not tell if they're eating ravioli, Ziti? What is the main course? It looks wonderful and it drives me crazy! <br /> <br /> Everyone in this family was a hardworking person and they respected and cared for each other. The grandfather was not ousted and tolerated, he was an important part of the family and he was heard and respected for his age and wisdom. He also seemed like a pretty healthy, independent old programmer. Loretta's mother was not "just a housewife," she was the glue that kept the family together, and was a prime example of a woman, mother, and home director should strive. She was proud of the lifestyle she had chosen, but she did not recognize who she was. Powerful business people do not feel as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini. Notice the naughty way she said, "I had no kids until I was 37. It's not over until it's over." They felt that she was the kind of young woman who did exactly what she wanted and made her way without the other person knowing what had happened. She was charming, quick-witted and very smart. What a great mother! <br /> <br /> Actually, I did not like Loretta right away, because she looked like some kind of knowledge - anything else that was not as adventurous and in control of herself as others wanted her to think. She could tell others about herself and where she was wrong, but she has not used common sense in her own life. She would marry a middle-aged mother just because she wanted a husband and a sense of identity and purpose in her life. She was more conventional than her own mother. She got dressed and wore her hair like a matron in a detention center and looked humorless and bored, but under her she felt that she was vulnerable and lonely and had much love to give the right man. She would probably become a fantastic mother as well. <br /> <br /> In the future I could see a house full of Loretta and Ronnie's loud, screaming, happy children and Rose and Cosmo enjoying every minute of it.
