Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her late thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is betrothed to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a thin man who is more of a resigned duty than love. Prior to their wedding, Johnny visits his mother who has become ill, leaving Loretta to play the olive leaf with his brother Ronny, informing him of their upcoming wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny for being the cause of his accident that led him to the loss of his hand (and then his future bride), but he falls for Loretta and hard. After a heated affair, out of respect for Johnny, Loretta tries to avoid Ronny, but his dark looks and overwhelming masculinity persuade her. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) sees another woman, but she herself is a subject of admiration by a college professor and wonders why men chase women. The situation gets complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can not be married. <br /> <br /> The setup is a pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley, with a deep understanding of American life Italians in New York is real: he gets the peculiarities of these people and their everyday lives Weaknesses and quirks and all the characters have a deep romance that comes into play in all the important moments of the story. Loretta, a figure hardened by the loss of her husband, barely aware of her happiness, is slowly becoming a woman so engulfed in the sudden recognition of love that she becomes the heroine of La Boheme - the one who recognizes the love of the man with the wooden hand (in a skilful sex reversal), and Cher inhabits the role and makes her her own and subtly exchanges her frailty for a deep, dark beauty in her own style. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage exudes masculine power as if channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorini's and Cappomaggi's balancing the central couple express themselves in two crucial moments: the last couple, on the full moon night, when Loretta and Ronny perform their affair - a rare scene in which love and love are portrayed in intimacy the Elder - and the former in a tense moment during breakfast, when Rose bluntly reveals in moving words that she wants Cosmo to no longer see his lover Mona (Anita Gillette). MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and the date movie of choice, but also a beautiful exploration of love and passion among ordinary people. The end is a tour de force of emotional impact. The family situation goes beyond the current complications that are cemented in the tradition and goes back to the time of the immigrants. This is one of the reasons why this film from another feel-good film to a classic. MOONSTRUCK has rightly received its Academy Award for Best Writer, Actress and Supporting Actress and has grown beyond its time.
