I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980, and I just saw it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for lovers of "indie" movies. At a time when most American films are little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland holds a piece of American history. It's also a reminder of how pampered most of us are to modern, urbanized Americans. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is overkill or outrageous. Nobody speaks Hollywood movie speeches. The actors really inhabit their roles. This really feels like a "little" movie, but it's really bigger than most Hollywood productions in the millions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the life of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom), in Denver, but wants more opportunities. She promotes a position as a housekeeper. The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors), a Scottish-born rancher, himself a widower, with a homestead outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move to Stewart's small house on the property. It is a hilly, treeless pastureland, a place of endless perspectives, where the silence is broken only by the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed that a person feels small. The three characters go for a long time without seeing another human soul. Worse yet, Stewart proves taciturn and almost silent. "I can not talk to the man," complains Elinore at grandma Landauer. "You should better learn before winter," says Granny. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of the few other characters that is seen more than fleetingly. She came to Wyoming with her husband from Germany many years ago and now runs her ranch alone, as she is also widowed. Grandma is her next neighbor (and the local midwife) and still lives ten kilometers away! The other supporting figure is Jack, the rented hand (Barry Primus). <br/> <br /> Elinore's routine (and her employer) is one of endless, serious labor that has no modern conveniences and where everything has to be done. fixed or made by hand. This is the true flesh of the film: they must watch the normal lives of these ranchers as they fight against nature to earn their livings. Despite the constant effort and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other possibilities. She learns that the field adjacent to Stewart's is not claimed. Impulsively she reclaims a claim on the property (twelve dollars or nearly two weeks!), Which means that if she lives off (and she actually has to live there) and she works for ten years, she will do the deed , Of course, Stewart learns what she did. With merciless logic he points out that without money, without livestock, without credit and without fortune, she has no chance to succeed. Then he offers a solution: he proposes the marriage. The astonished Elinore recognizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts it. <br /> <br /> We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian - he wants the land and free labor - but we actually see that he loves Elinore sincerely, and they grow together as a couple. She gets pregnant; she works in the middle of a blizzard in the middle of winter; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm, ten miles back to Grandmas and the ten miles, just to announce that Grandma was not there. This is the real life rather than pleasant, people. Elinore has the baby alone, without any help. Her son is still a child when he gets sick and dies. They lose half of their livestock to the devilish winter. They continue to fight. The last sequence in the film should be optimistic: The birth of a calf. Clyde urges Elinore to help him deliver the calf. The calf is not just headfirst, but in a footballing presentation. He and Elinore have to physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There are no CGI, animatronic, trick, fake or special effects: What you see is what happened, people: A calf is born on a straw bed in a wooden stall by lamplight. So the movie does not stop so much, but stops leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after a while, you appreciate the movie as a whole, not just for its end. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will take a long time to see it, after most films of the last generation have long been forgotten.
