I'm usually a jerk for romantic movies that are well filmed and well played. This is a romantic (historical) film that plays in seventeenth-century Italy, but was filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that this is a historical film means that it will inevitably be slower than films shot in modern times. If you can overlook that fact, it's actually a really good movie. The scenery, costumes, and cinematography are beautiful, and the lead actors and actresses are very convincing in their depictions, projecting the intensity of the emotions flowing through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unfortunate ending. It is easy to believe that this is an accurate representation of the real characters. Despite the fact that the main characters and the action really moved me, I decided to check the validity of the story and find out that the main theme of the film's story - that of a sad, unfinished love story - was completely made. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi instead of voluntarily and passionately submitting to his progress, as the film had shown. She continued to have sexual relationships with him just because he repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he had * not * blamed the rape out of pity for Artemisia's torture (unlike the film). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a loose, promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual urge. In the film, his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, and Tassis's character was all the time made as though his sister had slandered him for his alleged affair with his sister-in-law (though he did admits to having had a wife in Florence). Needless to say, in reality that was not the case at all. In fact, far from it. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, whom he had fathered from rape. In addition, Tassi really had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, which made her pregnant, but that was not really mutually exclusive - once again he had raped his sister-in-law. <br /> <br /> Now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sex offender. What do we do with the movie that Artemisia presents as a lover? We take it as an attempt to make this movie into a romantic movie ... that this movie has never been historically accurate. Other than these points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies, such as the interpretation of Artemisia's art (In real life, she was never really influenced by Tassis's painting style, and she was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi ever was One thing remains true and it is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi was recognized as the first painter in France history, and although her mastery of the art could compete with many of her male contemporaries, she had always had difficulty due to her gender as a woman enough recognition for their work, in 17th century Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie for yourself, because it's a pretty good romantic drama, but take its historical references with a grain of salt.
