Rock solid Giallo from a master filmmaker of the genre, Sergio Martino. Designed after a wonderful script by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking puzzle often develops intriguing twists and turns to a grand finale that most may not see throughout the movie. If everything is alright, we can go "Ahh ..." The film is about the death of a man (in an airplane explosion) and about the millions of dollars the woman gets from it. There are those who have great interest in this money, especially the lover of the dead. The woman is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the lover who demands half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows death has been ordered by her to receive the insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer" Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get this money. So the film already produces two potential suspects in the later murder of Lisa, who expects someone in Tokyo. George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who acquire inheritance to see if the payday was collected under suspicious means. When Lisa is killed on his watch by a man dressed in black in her hotel room from head to toe, he is a potential suspect. He decides to do some research himself while assisting Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) in finding a killer. The killer kills several times and eliminates anyone who turns for the lost millions of dollars confiscated by the person responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious, luscious Anita Strindberg), as she and Peter meet for a dinner where they could try anything a story might break for them. Soon they fall in love deeply, but it seems that everyone who is near Peter is killed. Soon, someone attacks Cléo with the intention of killing, pushing the investigation into unknown territory. Why would anyone want to harm a journalist without harming the facts that kill him? <br /> <br /> This giallo is pretty smart and exciting. The movie will never lull, which is quite remarkable as so much happens and the question of the identity of the killer remains open. This film follows Gialli's way with knife cuts based on a specific pattern taken by the murderer (neck and abdomen). The conclusion of the film summarizes all complex loose ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique camera angles, but provides the commodity in terms of control of the plot and execution of the mystery.
