Sergio Martino recently impressed me with his Giallo classics "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh" and the memorable title "Your Vice is a locked room and only I have the key" - but I did not expect too much this movie. The case of Scorpio is not mentioned as often in the classic Giallo discussion as the titles mentioned above - but I do not know why, because that's at least as good as these two! Although Dario Argento is the "king" of Giallo, with the five films he has made, Sergio Martino is certainly not too far behind. In a way, it even surpasses Master. All of Martino's films were released before the jewel of Argento, the magnificent Profondo Rosso. In the early seventies Martino was the king! The conspiracy follows here the idea of ​​the murder for profit and the insurance payment of a wealthy man. His wife inherits $ 1 million, and it does not take long for people to seek their blood! When she turns up dead shortly afterward, an insurance investigator and a brave, handsome young journalist investigate the case. <br /> <br /> The fall of the Scorpion Tail may not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech but has two of Martino's employees aboard. Best known is George Hilton, who has worked with Marino on The Ward Vice by Mrs Wardh and All the Colors of the Dark, as well as some other Giallos. Hilton has a great on-screen presence and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; it becomes obvious why he is repeatedly occupied. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered by Your Vice, is a self-contained space that stars alongside Hilton and delivers the classic female Giallo lead role. Sergio Martino does a good job on the director's chair again, with several beautiful scenes - the best of which in a room with green lighting! The score by Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) gives the atmosphere excellent, but the script is again the driving force behind Martinos success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the author of Martino's other four Giallo, has put together a script that is exciting while keeping him away from the ordinary giallo trap of not being meaningful. so this film freed itself from the rest of the illogical genre. The fall of the scorpion's tail is a quality film by Giallo and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you will love it!
