Sergio Martino's "The Fall of the Scorpion" is a scenic giallo from the heyday of the early 70s of the genre. An explosion in an airplane causes a million dollars in insurance money for a bereaved but unfaithful wife. The money is then kidnapped by a black-clad assassin and a series of brutal murders follows. Scorpion's Tail plays the mysterious element written by Giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite straightforward. As killers, the murders themselves are memorable and well staged. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle that is particularly vivid. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly influences the giallo genre in order to penetrate more and more extreme territories. But as with the best films of the genre, the brutality is offset by a good score and attractive photography. The music of Bruno Nicolai reminds at times of Ennio Morricon's avant-garde work in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but is also strong in itself. The photography is supported by the use of foreign locations - in this case London and Athens - where Martino invades the Houses of Parliament and the Acropolis! There are also some original camera works, with slow motion being most effective when a woman approaches the door where the madman is wandering outside. In this scene, Martino chopped the killer with a knife through the door in a way that was influenced by Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage. However, it also has the killer attempt to open the latch with the knife blade, which is later repeated Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film has its own influence. <br /> <br /> This is a good, solid giallo that both genre and non-genre fans appreciate. The performances are good and the production values ​​are good (although the aircraft explosion, say, is a bit cheap!). The DVD release of NoShame is nice. There are both English and Italian language options, which is a real bonus. However, it's worth pointing out that sometimes you have to be a quick reader to understand English subtitles. This applies to both the film and the documentation in the extras. However, this is an incidental point. The DVD release is a valuable addition to any Giallo collection.
