Sergio Martino is a great director who has contributed a lot to the Italian genre cinema. His Gialli from the 70s is in my opinion the undisputed highlights of his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Case Of The Scorpion's Tale" from 1971 is one of those stunning films that has contributed to Italian Horror's most original sub-genre, and further proves that the man is a master of the atmosphere, style and suspense. My personal favorite of the Martino films I've seen so far is still the insanely brilliant "Your Vice is an enclosed space and only I have the key" of 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh "(1971), of which I personally like even more than this. It's only a matter of personal taste, because "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally great film that is indispensable to any Italian horror cinema fan and to the excitement in general. <br /> <br /> The film that delivers The thrilling tension from the start has a complex and gripping storyline that begins with the mysterious demise of a millionaire killed in a plane crash. The insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is charged with checking the circumstances of the insurance company, which has to pay the wife of the deceased a large sum. Soon after Lynch starts the investigation, a person is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders ... <br /> <br /> "The Fall of the Scorpion Tail" provides all the elements a great giallo needs. The film is amazingly exciting from the beginning, the score of Bruno Nicolai is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully devoured and the identity of the murderer remains a mystery until the end. The regular Giallo boss George Hilton delivers again an excellent performance in the top. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely gorgeous in the female lead role. These include the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant regulars of Italian genre cinema of the 60s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor known to every lover of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the movie is set, is actually a great backdrop for a giallo. The atmosphere is always exciting, the photography is great and Bruno Nicolai's brilliant score makes the tension even more intense. In short, "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another outstanding Giallo by Sergio Martino and an absolute must for any lover of the sub-genre! Stylish, exciting and great in every way!
