I'm really tempted to reward "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" with a solid 10 out of 10 rating, but that's largely because the 70s Italian horror cinema is so much better than the cheesy crap I have usually see. But even without an extra nostalgia point, this is still a true masterpiece and high rating for its superbly convoluted story, sinister atmosphere, blood-soaked killing sequences, and superb casting choices. In my humble opinion, this is actually Sergio Martino's finest giallo, and that must mean something like "The Weird Vice of Mrs. Wardh", "All the Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and "Your Vice is Locked" Room and only I have the Key "are also first-rate genre-achievements, but this film is only a bit superior, because it is extremely compelling and is about insurance fraud that is completely out of control after the strange death of her husband by an airplane explosion ( Lisa Baumer promptly becomes the suspect owner of one million dollars and wants to leave the country as soon as possible.Because of the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts her best investigator Peter Lynch in the case and he follows her to Greece, where Lisa is the target of many Attacks, and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that several people are looking for the money, I'm always watching I'm worried when I summarize Gialli briefly, because I do not want to risk disclosing essential elements of action. In "The Fall of Scorpion Tail," events take a sudden and totally unexpected turn before the story is halfway, and I certainly do not want to ruin this for you. Many red herrings follow, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you, and while this is not 100% satisfactory, the resolution is at least surprising. It is also a very stylish film with imaginative camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Strangely, everyone's favorite giallo muse, Edwige Fenech, did not make it to this cast (she has no fewer than three other Martino gialli stars), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in the Skin of a Woman") is a more than worthy replacement for you. The charismatic and hunky George Hilton is as always reliable in his role as an insurance investigator and ?? moron ?? ladies man deluxe. If you're a fan of Giallo, do not wait as long as I do to watch this movie !!!!
