Joan Crawford had just started her "working girl good" phase with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried such a role before and the critics were impressed. While other actors wondered why she started her career (because they clung to characters who were "in" a few years ago, but now fit), Joan listened to the public and made herself a longtime actress. The depression was there, and jazz-time babies who survived on an endless round of parties were frowned upon. If you got rich in an immoral way but suffered for it, that was fine. <br /> <br /> This movie starts with a spectacular houseboat party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests everyone goes swimming in underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father suffers a heart attack due to losses on the stock exchange, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their real friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Johnny Mack Brown of a Poor Man) offered to do "the right thing" and marry her - they had just spent a night together when Bonnie (with abandonment) declared she wanted love after approval - she begins show some character by choosing a job. <br /> <br /> She finds a job at a newspaper and quickly impresses with her willingness to perform well. Her co-worker is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards), and together they are given the assignment to write about the inner activities of the mob. Rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job. She is thrilled with him, but soon realizes that it is pirated and he is mixed with cold-blooded killer Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnesses a mass shooting and shatters, "spilling" the first person he sees drinking at the bar - which happens to be Bert. He is then forced to kill Bert and subsequently goes underground. The newspaper pulls out all the stops to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie as a dancer to a club run by Jake. (Joan does a very lively dance with "Accordian Joe" - much to Sylvie's disgust). The movie ends with a shootout and as Rodney dies dying, Bonnie phones tears in her story. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie where Crawford and Gable give their all. Natalie Moorehead, who as Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable at the beginning of the film, was a stylish "other woman" who had her fashion in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a great career (starting as a teenager in a Douglas Fairbanks film in the mid-1920s). However, many of his roles were weak, spineless characters. In this film, he played the weak brother and was completely overshadowed by Joan Crawford and the dynamic newcomer Clark Gable - maybe he was therefore never a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
