Ahista Ahista is a small little brilliant. I started to look at it, and in the beginning I got a bit bored because the pace was slow and the idea of ​​a man meeting a lost girl was not really new. But as the movie progressed, I started to get more involved with the movie, the fantastic writing and the charming romance. The movie was extremely simple and natural, and after a while I felt like watching a real documentation of a man's life. There is a very good reason why the movie had this feeling and it is the fresh talent named Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as the simple, kind-hearted and fighting Ankush whose new love motivates him to make amends and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is depicted as a common rogue, but also as a helping and loving person who, like everyone else, does everything to protect his love. Deol portrays all the different shades of his character, whether positive or negative, natural and with absolute ease. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His portrayal of people's lives in the rural setting is excellent, but even more impressive is his account of Ankush's relationships with the various people surrounding him, including his friends and his love interest Megha, to whom he is ready to do everything for , I also really liked how Nair interacted with his boyfriend's loud and clumsy mother, whom he calls "Khala" (aunt). He loves to drive her crazy and annoy her at every turn, but we see she has a very special place in his heart and is like a mother figure to him, as shown in several scenes. Apart from Abhay, the rest of the cast did a good job. Although Soha Ali Khan did not attract my attention, she was good and had some of the charm of her mother. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, as well as the actress who played Ankush's "khala". Apart from the performances, writing the film was excellent. The dialogues were ordinary but brilliant, and the script was fantastic as well. This is mainly because, despite a not so recent history, she was never exaggerated or melodramatic and there were no attempts to make her look larger than life. The film's biggest weakness was Himesh Reshammiya's uninspired music, which was unsuitable for the film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful watch that only got better with each scene. The concept is not new, but the movie looks fresh and gets more and more welcoming throughout the story. The end was bittersweet, somehow sad and yet optimistic. In short, this movie really grows on you, and that's easily explained by the wonderful writing, the moving moments, the enchanting romance, the realistic processes and, of course, the unforgettable performance of Abhay Deol.
