This time melodrama is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped in a room are common throughout his work, and over time he would become more and more adept at portraying their helplessness and engaging the public in their horrors. In the bluntly titled Sealed Room, there is a significant difference to the normal plot line: there is really no escape. Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect in two ways. First, its use of space. While Biograph's typical short film can use a dozen or more sets, The Sealed Room offers only two adjoining rooms. the king's court and the dove, which becomes the grave of the same name. The set design of these shorts is rarely referenced, but here it is crucial. The courtyard is a large interior with a background reminiscent of depth and showing a window and a staircase. Actors come and go from different directions, suggesting that the space is not only spacious, but also free and open. In contrast, the dove boat's rear wall is very close to the camera, and the angles, which suggest a hexagonal or octagonal shape, are even narrower. <br /> <br /> The second technique shown here is the cross. To cut. Anyone interested in Griffith's work will probably know how much he needed and how he developed cross-section to build tension and suspense. Many will also know that, strictly speaking, it was not his invention. What makes Griffith's cross cuts so effective, however, is the way in which he works the opposite images to complement each other. The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean. The bricklayers' attitudes, which shift the heavy bricks, take a slow, step-by-step approach, with the tighter the wall gets, the higher the tension becomes. This movement is accompanied by the photographs of the blissfully ignorant lovers, in which Marion Leonard tears off the petals one by one. When the couple realizes their predicament, their rising panic is supplemented by the king's enemy shot, who beats his sword furiously against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith still had to realize that the action could be further enhanced by inserting a third strand in the cross section. The dramatic "ride to the rescue", which was missing here, later became a standard highlight for Griffith's paintings.
