Until 1909, D.W. Griffith had been making films for the Biograph Company for about a year, and? Work at a rate of two or three a week? He quickly began to develop his skills as a filmmaker. "The Sealed Room" is a very interesting 11-minute short film, a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama, that even gets into the realm of early horror. The simple narrative was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 short story "The Cask of Amontillado," and concerns a powerful king who presents a deliciously sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife's unfaithfulness Medieval with the King (Arthur V. Johnson) supervising the construction of a windowless room from a separate dovecote, with the idea that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. He is obviously very much in love with her and always shows his affection, this latest act is the culmination of his tenderness. However, without knowing the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minnesinger (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic get-together in the purpose-built room, the woman and the minstrel are discovered and the broken-hearted king thinks of a means to receive his retribution for the ignorant couple. Silently he orders his workers to lock the only door with stone and mortar, and slowly goes into insane madness when every new stone is laid down. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has always had an eye for acute details, and "The Sealed Room" is an excellent early example of this. Costly medieval costumes give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle looks authentic to be credible. At the time, the director was also pioneering in the creation of suspense, and I must admit that during the film I was determined to find out what would happen to the hapless young lovers. In the early minutes, Griffith limited his shots to long shots of a stationary camera (as was customary then), but soon? parallel to the darkening object? He changes his tactics in a fascinating way. Although he did not invent the technique, Griffith was instrumental in popularizing the use of "cross-sections." that is, alternating between different events occurring simultaneously. Not only does this create a sense of continuity, it also maximizes tension, as we are not only aware of the cruel actions of the King, but also that the woman and the minnesinger do not pay attention to it all. <br /> <br Despite these changes, "The Sealed Room" suffers from many of the shortcomings typical of that time. The entire film takes place in only two rooms and the material is recorded from a total of three positions. Therefore, he tends to get boring and monotonous at times. The acting ideas are greatly exaggerated for added effect, but at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson's exaggerated play actually helped to discern the escalating madness of the betrayed king. One moment that I thought most effective was when the two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find their only door, which was replaced by a solid stone wall. Her panicky reactions, accompanied by the quiet maniacal cackling of the king, serve very well to create a threatening claustrophobia. However, I thought that their oxygen intake was surprisingly quickly exhausted.
