After he had not sold his screenplays to the new film industry in the first decade of the 20th century, the playwright D.W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the Biograph Company as a director of films. It was not really what Griffith had expected when he decided to enter the film business, but he accepted the job and in less than a year became Biograph's most successful director, thanks to his original approach to filmmaking and wild ingenuity narrative. Many years later, in 1915, he directed The Birth of a Nation, the film that was to revolutionize filming and become one of the first recognized authors of cinema. Much of what would make him a great filmmaker can be found in the many short films he made for Biograph Company in the early years of his career. "The Sealed Room" from 1909 is one of these and also one of the few horror films of this first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a 16th century story in which a count (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but pretty and very cozy room in which the love and company of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard), should be enjoyed in a more private way. However, the count does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful, as she is in love with the minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in Court, with whom she has an affair. As soon as the Earl is busy with his own business, the Countess calls the Minstrel and both lovers go into the new room of the Count. When the Count returns, he discovers that she is missing and begins to suspect that he discovers the two lovers in his room. Instead of making a scene, he prefers to stay hidden because he decides that his unfaithful wife receives a better punishment: sealing the windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths' regular staff member Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room," incorporates elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado" and mainly "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac, to create a haunting gothic melodrama based on betrayals and sadism. Despite running for eleven minutes, Woods' script develops the story very well and plays remarkably well with the horror elements of the story. Woods is in the heart of a melodrama and focuses on the character of the count. His sadism creates one of the best horror characters of this early era. "The Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Wood's handling of the dark and morbid theme of his plot makes the story a very entertaining film that is quite different from most Griffith melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room" Griffith uses his talents to experiment with tension and tension differently than usual. While he often worked with editing to create thrillers that upset his audience, in this film he focused on creating desperation and horror, playing with the inherent sense of claustrophobia in the source stories. It's interesting how the story starts off as another of his melodramas, and slowly the tempo gets faster as the horror themes dominate the plot, resulting in a major use of editing for the final scenes. No film in which camera tricks are indispensable. What shines the most in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent for directing his actors as the legendary filmmaker manages to bring out the best in his cast, with a familiar natural style far removed from his staginess Time the norm. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of ordinary Griffith employees, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as Earl. Johnson does a great job, really communicating the character's transition from a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not without a touch of exaggeration, but that adds realism to the exaggerated personality of the character. Marion Leonard looks very good as a countess and is also very effective in her acting. She conveys a natural charm that makes it hard not to sympathize with her betrayal. After all, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as the pretty Minstrel, and although he is far from being one of his best performances, he manages to provide a well-functioning drama that also gives the film a nice comedy. Although it's not very important to the conspiracy, it's nice to see other members of the Griffith Corporation in the background, like his wife Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford as a noblewoman at Court. <br /> <br /> Das Masterpiece "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable exercise in editing to create tension and tension, as Griffith did back then. The film has a very good set design and at a very low budget Griffith makes a very convincing impression with great attention to detail and fits perfectly with his directorial style. The change of focus to horror makes it a difference between his films of that time, and Johnson's performance as a sadistic earl makes it worth watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for his influential (and controversial) "The Birth of a Nation", the early short films he made before the film really give a good idea of ​​the evolution of the techniques and style that made him to make a legend. "The Sealed Room" is a simple yet elegant film and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 10.7
