Excellent P.O.W. Adventure, by Eric Williams from his own book (a paperback that incorporates my father's library) inspired by true events; It is perhaps the first movie of its kind and therefore has a lot to answer? not only similar stiff upper lips as ALBERT, R.N. (1953, which I will just look at), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but higher-level publications from the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). Thus, the base is quite solid: British soldiers, who are interned in a German camp, design a brilliant escape plan, borrowing a page of the Greek legend. Dig under a vaulting horse used with physical effort and under full view of the conquerors! In fact, the film is divided into two halves: the first is about the slow excavation of the tunnel to the flight itself, while the last stages show their fortunes outside the camp while trying to reach the neutral Sweden. Typical of these British films, the cast features several well-established (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) stars, not to mention countless reliable character actors (Anthony Dawson), Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three approaches / escapees are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: While the first two hold together, the latter go their own way? Just to bump into the others when they're safe. As you might expect, the narrative contains much excitement and excitement; as with most male-centered P.O.W. Legends also limit the interest of women to a minimum. Director Lee did not have a long career? with this and the somewhat similar (albeit with a change of attitude and point of view) A RIMA LIKE ALICE (1956) his most notable successes? But in this case, he certainly milked every exciting situation (even if Lee allegedly gave up his post prematurely during shooting and producer Ian Dalrymple left the job of tying loose ends!). In any case, the exquisite lighting (especially during the night sequences) throughout.
