SPOILER sex, right? It is one of the most basic parts of human life. But do we ever take it too seriously? People want more and more, including those who receive it on a daily basis, and bad luck can lead to potentially life-changing (creative) consequences. Ironically, people argue that we all have sex at an even younger age (though Victorians marry and have children at an early age), so it becomes more and more difficult for those who come to a point as virgins. In Steve Carell's first leading role, he plays a man who has reached 40 without doing it. When we look at countless unpredictable and extreme sexual incidents, not to mention an obscenity as an episode of Eurotrash, the general plot of the movie and its principle does not sound funny. It's a pleasant surprise that for all inappropriate, failed jokes, there's an unbelievable number of dice that hit the mark and make the audience hysterical. Andy Stitzer (Carell) is a nice guy with a good job and a pleasant temperament. At the same time, however, he takes life too seriously, and after being invited as a necessary fifth member to a poker game, Andy's friends discover his secret. Andy is still a virgin at the age of 40. For a variety of reasons, but mostly compassion, the three men (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen, and Romany Malco) all offer Andy advice with a single goal in mind. To free him from his misery and tie him up. <br /> <br /> One of the few good things about "Anchorman" was just a matter of time before Steve Carell got a head start. Impressively he does not disappoint in "The 40-year-old maiden". Carell shows the hopeless, shy maiden to perfection and is a revelation as he gradually becomes more self-confident as the counsel begins to help. <br /> <br /> But Carell is not alone in his performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco and Catherine Keener as a love interest are all outstanding. Rudd is a personal favorite than the lovesick David, who falls apart several times and shares the best scene with Rogen while the two argue about homosexuality. <br /> <br /> The biggest surprise in this film is not the case Many of the jokes hit the bull's eye, but in fact the clever way it beats the news on the head. Obviously developed for conservative America, the overall tone of the film evolves from a simple history of sexual conquest to safe sex and abstinence. The virgin does not need sex to complete her life, she just needs self-confidence and true love. A worthy message for preaching and a considerable improvement over what you expect at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> It's strange to see a rough comedy that is consistently fun and well played, but low and behold, "40-year-old maiden" is just that. Also, put in a well-meaning message and Are you on your way to a first-class comedy? A surprising joy.
