As we all know, the sub-genre of sex comedies is pretty much full. It is no longer enough to be overly slippery. I have seen so many heinous jokes and actions and heard that a sex comedy really needs to have other positive points to be able to address me. <br /> <br /> When I came to the 40-year-old maiden, I basically knew what to expect from; I saw the commercials anyway; "Is it true that you lose it if you do not use it?" What I did not expect is a heart and honest attempts at character development. There are still the strange "off-the-wall" characters that we see so often in Adam Sandler's films, and there is still enough inappropriate language to sink Noah's Ark, but somehow the movie has a worthwhile love story and yes even a message. <br /> <br /> The main character Andy is (unfortunately for me) a person with whom I can identify. In the first shot I see that he even shares my love for Mystery Science Theater 3000 (he has a poster for the movie on the wall), and throughout the movie we see his really decent collection of antiques. Andy also has a lot of video games and a sound knowledge of movies and technology. Andy does not want to buy a car because he prefers his bike. Most important of all; Andy is a nice person, he does not swear and he respects women so much that he stays away from them. Combine all these factors and everyone starts to believe that he is a serial killer. It's like my life story. <br /> <br /> The other characters each have funny little stories that go with their slightly exaggerated personalities, and they all work on a certain level, but not like Andy. I felt it was somehow distracting, as Andy and his girlfriend, Trish, are really the only really human characters in the movie. I suppose, since I mentioned a mistake, I might as well bring to light other conspicuous. The story is clever, but too predictable and as far as romances go; It's easy. It's been a long time with Andy's relationship with Trish, and we all know what's going to happen in the end. Sure, the last detour is a bit different than we might expect, but you know what's going to happen in the end, and I assure you that's the case. These are definitely small spots in the movie, but there is so much good here that I can easily ignore the few mistakes. <br /> <br /> When I say "good", of course, I mean "bad". This is a sex comedy and she wants to be bad. I think it has mostly succeeded. There are so many fun scenes like Andy trying to get rid of an erection after he refused to have sex with Trish. Or the scene where Andy goes with his daughter Trish in a sexual enlightenment class, where he asks more questions than anyone in the end. Ah, and we must not forget that soon a classic breast wax series "Ooh! Como se llama!" An interesting little note about this scene; The actor Steve Carell has actually grown his belly and the pain shown is real. Of course they only did one, but it was still a very brave thing. Actually, as we talk about Steve Carell, I would like to say that he has now risen to my list of respected comedians, which is kind of strange, since I did not even know who he was before me saw this movie. I was so impressed with his writing, acting and timing that I really want to look out for his future roles. This man has talent. The 40-year-old maiden proves that. To be honest, I had doubts about this movie, but the early word was positive and I knew it was something I would eventually see. I'm glad I did that, too, because it's probably one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time and it's something that looks worth something worth doing. It's not just a series of sex jokes that are jumbled together, but it's a series of sex jokes that are associated with a very rewarding character and a truly touching romance. Excuse me while I spit out my guts; I can not believe I just wrote that ... <br /> <br /> My rating from Frider Waves: http://friderwaves.com/index.php?page=virgin
