Something about the 40-year-old maiden and the other comedy hit of the summer, Wedding Crashers, is similar, but in a sense they are two different films. Both are romantic comedies that have that crazy sensibility that the teens and boys in their twenties are holding along with the usual dating people to watch the movies. Both have a kind of formula for the stories. But at the end of the 40-year-old maiden I found that it was altogether more satisfying than "Crashers". Although one can guess where the relationship story with Steve Carrell's character Andy and Catherine Keener's character Trish will go, it's not too easy for a Crashers to find out what Crashers looks like to most one-dimensional or inexplicable people in the other. And maybe it depends on how much you identify in both (or just find the insanity). <br/> <br /> The thing is, some people go into the 40-year-old maiden, who also does not know Steve Carrell as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell's cult status on the Daily Show (one of my favorite shows right now) ) and built in small but memorable exciting roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first starring role, but it is not treated like a third class vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain sincerity that keeps the audience always on his side, even when he talks to his action figures and repaints them. It is also a tricky line to go in the hands of the landlord. This could not be more or less entertaining than the lackluster 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also on sexual dysfunction). As the title implies, Andy is the 40-year-old, who is like his nice friend with some Pee-Wee Herman in him (the opening of the credits of his apartment is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So, his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comic strips) are trying to find different strategies and tips to finally break the curse on Andy's head for his cherry crack speak. He almost comes together with an overly drunk woman, he almost comes with a crazy girl and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in the mockumentaries) as (explicit) buddy together. However, all of this soon begins to fade as he enters into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works across the street. If you're building on a relationship that's not based on sex at all, you might fear that the plot of "How will he tell her that?" The comedy get in the way. It does not. If anything, Carrell and the actors are very much based on it. For almost an hour and a half of the two-hour filming, there was hardly a moment when I did not laugh, big or small. <br /> <br /> The big laugh, however, does not exactly mean formalities in the plot or one or two little gibberish stories (the colleagues also have their own relationship problems; Rudd is the funniest). The big laughs come through Carrell's reactions and that the people around him can support their own humor / charm or that it is true with some truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes sure that there is a real spirit in their relationship (and unlike "Crashers", there is not so much that does not give meaningful character). For someone like me who loves a comedian just laughing at his expression, Carrell gets very high scores here. And like a Farrelly Brothers movie, the more slippery or vile scenes are made absolutely absurd. the "growing" scene (which, by the way, was really done) and the kind of Aquarius music number at the end of the movie (the first way is a totally startling surprise). But if you're ready to not be offended, there's more to where that comes from. This is one of the funniest films of the year.
