In the previews, "The 40-year-old virgin" shows the image of another immature sex game about a 40-year-old Lonely Guy, who suddenly feels the urge to do the act just because he has not done it. Too many bad experiences in the past have dampened his enthusiasm by completely avoiding women. And then the unexpected happens: he falls in love. In addition, there is a movie about it, and he is called "The 40-year-old maiden". <br /> <br /> The maiden of the title is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is in fact 40 years old. An employee in an electronics store collects vintage action figures that are visible to all on his beautiful bachelor pad are. He has a pretty home theater system and looks at "Survivor" with his two friendly older neighbors. He's a pretty picturesque definition of the lonely guy who needs to go out more and talk to more women. <br /> <br /> Now here is the real novelty with this picture: It makes the impossible task of actually dealing with the topic in a cute, mature way. This is a film that could have been very different in the hands of a more transparent team of filmmakers. It could have come to endless sex-jokes and jokes, but fortunately, this picture never bends so deeply. Sure, there are sex jokes here and there, and even a few pats are aimed at the gay community (which should not be considered gay-bashing) as two of the characters offend each other video game ("Mortal Kombat: Deception", not less - the ultimate testosterone fight for men). <br /> <br /> As someone approaching 20, McFarlane Toys collects action figures AND HAS NEVER HIMSELF. In fact, I found this movie amusing and touching in a way that a movie with similar themes would never have could be. I could relate more to the figure of Andy Stitzer than anyone else because I was the only teenager present. Everyone else looked like they were all over 40 years old. A bit arrogant, I know, but would you still be able to tell whether you were the only teenager on an afternoon screening of "The 40 Year-Old" Virgin "?" Of course, Andy has never had sex and wakes up every day with "Morning Rise" (not asking), and he's pressured by his pals to try outlandish methods to grab people's attention When he was first discovered that Andy was a virgin at 40, his three colleagues and colleagues in the electronics business David (Paul Rudd), Jay (Romany Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) initially assume that he is gay because he has never been with a woman that could not be further from the truth The truth is, Andy loves women, but traumatic experiences of the past (hilariously portrayed sequentially in a Flashback sequence) have him forevermarginalized. David, Jay and Cal embark on a mission to help Andy, so help them all. But you know that such antics are only going to end in disaster, as an appointment with Nicky (Leslie Mann) proves that makes Andy the worst experience with drunken drivers that I do not think anyone wants to go through and he's a pretty scary one Meeting has with Beth (Elizabeth Banks), the pretty girl who works in the bookstore and eventually turns out to be a total sex freak. <br /> <br /> When Andy meets Trish (Catherine Keener), the friendly friend, things become better for a woman who works in a shop across the street selling things for people on eBay. Hmmm. And with this handsome collection of action figures you can see that in the end a big financial payoff is waiting for him, that is, if he can ever "do the deed". Finally, this is the sex-bustle we've been waiting for. It's about a very real problem that many Lonely Guys are likely to go through, not that there's anything wrong with being a virgin, but let's take a look at the big picture: How many of us "Lonely Guys" want to die forever be lonely guy? The most important thing we learn in this picture is that Lonely Guy has to be himself. I do not think he has to go through body waxing like Andy does (which, frankly, is a page fission that was really real, according to this website and various other news articles, and then the blood on Carell's shirt.) <br /> <br /> "The 40-year-old virgin" was led by Judd Apatow and co-written by him and Carell, which was created as a sketch with Carell. Carell is cute and human, because his character is not a layman who approaches this thing with his eyes closed. This is probably one of the smartest trumps I've ever seen and is not offensive (quite a lot) as its characters are treated with dignity and respect. Even Carell's buddies, who give bad advice to cover up their own relationship insecurities, may be related on a fundamental level. <br /> <br /> The way in which "The 40-year-old maiden" takes place is in fact funny the end, but I leave it to you, the viewer, to watch. If anyone can go through the things that Andy does and still has the power to put on such a sexy woman as Catherine Keener, then it's true: It's never too late! <br /> <br /> 10/10
