Criticism of the film EVENING, based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted for the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh and so harsh that it prevented many viewers from trying the movie. The main criticism centered on the fact that in this film little happens that a dying woman worried about a mistake she had made a summer in her youth, that famous actors had received very small roles, that the entire production was hacked , etc. For this spectator, who saw the film on a DVD in the silence of the house, a completely different reaction occurred. Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home by the sea and her medications and memories allow her to share the name of a man - "Harris" - with her two adult daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) , When her daughters sit by her bed, Ann experiences a special summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage involving both Ann (Claire Danes and adolescent Ann) and Lila's alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy), the feeling that Lila just married a man of her class instead of the boy she had loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of her housekeeper, who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are intertwined in a series of baffles and romances that until now, fifty years later, when Ann dies, have been kept secret. The older Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and the secrets are revealed: "There are no mistakes, but life goes on." The film is a delicate piece of humor and the script of Minot and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and subtle hours of life. Yes, there are gaps in history that could have used more explanations, but to maintain the nostalgia of the words of a dying woman, such "holes" are understandable. The film features the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's True Daughter), Collette, Gummer (Streep's True Daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with a movie decorated ensemble cast of short but very solid performances. The scenery is great (film by Gyula Pados) and the score is by Jan A. P. Kaczmarek. Directed by Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia"). Judge this movie on your own ... Grady Harp
