So many wonderful actresses in a movie serve as a hands-on invitation to the local movie house, and I have responded duly. Here are some remarks. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is also great in bed. She also looks very old and I do not think that this is achieved with much make-up, which is a good thing for the movie, but a sad thing for us moviegoers. I think her aging has been a bit tough over the last few years. Claire Danes continues with her welcome return to the movies and radiates a certain warmth. Mamie Gummers resemblance to her mother Merly Streep, in terms of looks as well as acting style, is so conspicuous that after a few minutes I lost my focus on the film. She is surprisingly good. However, such a similarity runs the risk of acting against their favor. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson definitely had some plastic work on her face. It definitely does not look like I remember it from previous films ("Nell" for example). Unfortunately, both she and Toni Collette do not make much of an impression because as sisters they are not convincing. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette is also too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep needed more screen time. The performance of Streep is actually something more than a cameo. Their scenes, on the other hand, are more emotionally charged than the rest of the movie. Eileen Atkins is a welcome dry joke, especially in her second role as an imaginary companion in Redgrave's character. As for the men; Hugh Dancy animates the movie considerably, though it offers a broader performance than necessary. As soon as he has finished the story, he begins to pull. It is also his merit that he manages to give the viewer exactly the necessary sense of boyish charm. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a complete gap in the middle of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so enthusiastic about this man. The background story about this would have had to be developed further. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is expected to be excellent. The main summer house set could not convince me. On the rocky hill it does not look natural, especially with its grassy area at the front. A bit too carton-like. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is a classic production, but an all-before-me-feeling-before-everything-feeling has taken me by surprise for most of its duration and, consequently, not the kind of effect on it me, which I had expected from a tear-hunter. However, I still managed to ponder the passage of time, my own expectations of life, and the extent to which they are fulfilled or not. At least worth it on DVD, if not in the cinema ...
