After watching the trailer for Evening, you'll probably first think about how great the cast is (I mean, they even got Rocky Horror's own Brad, Barry Bostwick, to show the world that he's still playing) and the next second about how you've just shown us the entire movie. The movie is not quite right, but it's pretty well summarized in the trailer, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. This is a story about a dying woman who remembers a time long ago when she met the love of her life - the one who got away. Her daughters hear her recalling people they've never heard of, and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy is soon over. No matter what happens, the movie is not about these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life. What you may regret could indeed be the only instance in your life that was needed for the following good times ever to come. <br /> <br /> The story itself is well told and adapted from the literature very obviously. Our filmmakers here choose to tell the story by joining in between the present (Ann on her deathbed), the dream state (Ann hallucinating in her head through the combination of the present with the past), and the past (Ann, Harris) meets her best friend's wedding) intercutting. There are a few times when the cuts are a bit abrupt, and the course of the past is so good that you might find the current stuff a bit lengthy and boring, but overall it's better than thought at first glance. It's not that Ann's life is now uninteresting, it has less to do with the plot than with the learned morality. Although I have to admit that the parallels to the past are currently mitigating the problems of Ann's children, I was still a bit too enthusiastic at the wedding to take care of myself as much as I should have. There are a few beautiful moments, such as the crash that Ann awakens from the later reflection, and the cryptic dreams that bridge both worlds. <br /> <br /> It's the spectacle that makes the Flashbacks so addicting and flowing. These ideas are so exciting that you get a little annoyed when our time has changed and we have to wait to see what happens next. No matter how angry I find Claire Dane's angry / sad / crying face exists in every role she plays. The girl is good at what she does. Lately, I'm warming up more and more for their talents and this promotes thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great in everything I've seen him. You must give him the honor of having chosen some truly fantastic roles and never to make more than one movie a year. From the Angels in America to last year's Little Children, the guy's going to blow up soon, but hopefully he'll stay true to the craft, not the cash-in. Heck even Mamie Gummer is good as the younger version of her real mother Meryl Streep (which is surprisingly little in the movie). She is still rough on the edges, but she was wonderful to express the emotional turmoil her character is going through on her wedding day. The true revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel like I have seen it in many ways, but in fact it only seems to be with King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he's in, and the way his role as Buddy of Love / Alcohol / Life is destroyed is imprinted throughout his facial expressions. Without its performance, the Flashback sequences like the rest of the movie would have fallen into the somewhat forgettable category and made the whole experience much worse. <br /> <br /> Though not completely original in the way the authors do afterwards, evening brings intelligence and craftsmanship to the table. You may find fault with the length and number of cutscenes to link everything together, but you can not say actors are not worth staying there. Maybe a movie version of the wedding alone was something to see, but when everything is put together, something could emerge that could not have been achieved without all the other storylines. In any case, the payoff is for the most part worth the journey, and each level of reality ends with its own subtle beauty and does justice to what has come before it.
