In her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and recalls the day in the 50s when she was a budding singer and traveled from New York to visit the maid of her wealthy friend Lila Wittenborn (Mamie Gummer). to be) in Newport. Ann Grant is greeted by Lila's alcoholic and ruthless brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) at the Wittenborn cottage by the sea and tells her that his sister is in fact in love with her friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), who fought has been at war and has completed medicine. Later, the future bride Ann confesses her true feelings about Harris. When Ann meets Harris, she has a crush on him and they have a short affair during a night stand while Buddy is having a tragedy. Ann's daughters, the unsteady and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and the happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson) are worried about her mother and have to resolve differences. <br /> <br /> "Evening" has one of the best female performers I've ever seen in a movie, with great performances. The resemblance of the stunning Mamie Gummer to her mother Meryl Streep is amazing and she has a performance that honors her mother's name. Great are also the locations, costumes, scenery, cinematography and soundtrack. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I did not clearly understand the message of this movie. Why is motherhood so important in history? Was Constance produced by Ann and Harris in the nightstand and would he be her father? Why did not Ann and Harris stay together if the guy really loved them, as he admits in their occasional encounter in New York? What problems did Ann Lord solve after visiting Lila Ross? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or was his love for Harris a fraternal love? Why did Nina Mars in the end change her thoughts about motherhood? It seems that the scriptwriters or the director failed because they could not understand and fulfill the beautiful love story. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
