The evening is the beautiful story of a mother's faulty love. The film is split in time, is magically filmed, played amazingly and has a moving script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who goes out of life. Lying in her bed, her mind remembers her and she displeases, remembering her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne and gives the bedridden woman a youthful vitality. The daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) try to decode the true story of the discouraging dementia. Her first mistake concerns Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); the man whom her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved very much. The daughters have to deal with the past of their mother and their future. The cast lights up in the evening. The collective energy of this film could have powered the equipment for the production of this entire film. I am very happy to see Claire Danes again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, and lives the joys, faults, and heartbreakers of young Anne's first mistake. This is a real achievement when you realize that she is playing a woman and is dying in bed. When her life overpowers her, one senses that her craving begins to crack and her hopeless hope that she will not. Some of her expressions expressed themselves a little on me, but in all her accomplishments she was so radiant that I left that only as a side note. Toni Collette also proves that you can be a strong actress without being a supermodel. She plays the black sheep of the family; a bit lost Nina finds much strength in her mother's mistake. Collette avoids creating a cruel character who enjoys her mother's mistakes and instead chooses the smarter way to learn from her mother's mistakes. There is much quarrel between Nina and her sister Constance. Their struggles remind me of those I constantly have with my sister. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anna's teenage best friend, is wonderful. Her character is between her heart and her status in society. Even when she cries and breaks her heart, she is unbelievably regal and charming. I can not wait to see her in something different in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult for me to describe. Their talent for making their mental status ambiguous, without being wacko or even particularly tragic, is why it is so powerful. The audience does not know if they invented the story because it slipped, or if these events really happened. Redgrave acts physically and emotionally in a box. Not much physical space and limited emotional range might be insane to a minor actress, but she lets the limitations work for her. I was always surprised. The movie is definitely geared towards women, but the men in the movie are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson fascinates as Harris. It's no wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, I was sure. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother, who gets out of control. Hugh Dancy Spirals Buddy gets out of control without him acting. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous scene of Monster's Ball. It's awful and the grief is sinking. I was totally stunned. The disappointing actress was Natasha Richardson. While her fight scenes were memorable, most of her drama stinks of melodrama. She would have taken an acting bath before we had to breathe her stench. It's good that she was not responsible for the visuals. The visuals of the film sparkle. The cinematographer Gyula Pados could not make a movie more colorful, the light was so perfectly matched to mood and emotions. The visual concepts of the flashback sequences are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could be paused, printed, mounted, and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. Evening is a strong movie. The evening is defiantly a chick movie, but a really great chick movie. If you want to impress a woman with a movie selection, choose Evening.
