I caught Evening with a girlfriend in the cinema. Evening is a chick movie with no excuse for it, but I can say with some relief that it's not so infused with estrogen that it's painful for a red-blooded man to watch. Apart from a single instance at the very end of the film, I watched with interest and did not have to turn away or roll with any indulgent melodrama. Women will absolutely love this movie. <br /> <br /> Ann Lord is older, bedridden and spends her last few days as comfortable as possible on Earth with her two adult daughters on her side. Alarmed by the memories of her past, Ann suddenly gets the name of a man her daughters have never heard before: Harris. While her two daughters silently contemplate the importance of her mother's strong urge to recall her unfortunate affair with this mysterious man of all times, Ann sinks in her head on the fateful day she met Harris - and so on the youthful optimism for the future, which we inevitably part with, was lost. Both Ann and her two daughters - one married to children, a serial "commitophobe" - are struggling with the central question of whether true love really exists and, more importantly, whether true love can stand the test of time. Are we all doomed one day to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all realize that the only realistic outcome is choosing the imperfect? The subtle fact that old Ann is still struggling to answer these questions on her deathbed has not escaped her two daughters. <br /> <br /> The evening's cinematography is interesting - most of the film is spent in Ann's film When she remembers the past, I think the film was filmed as if it were deliberately overexposed to everyone to give an ethereal luster (making it very obvious that all this is not really, but in the past). Claire Danes is beautiful (she seems to be really tall, even though she's only 5'5 "in reality) and is absolutely mesmerizing in a climactic scene where her vocal talents are finally put to the test. <br /> <br /> You can not really talk about the cast that starts with Claire Danes and does not give up: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep, and Glenn Close fill in the movie's other big and small roles. <I really can not do anything negative even though Hugh Dancy's struggle to bring out his character in absolute one-dimensionality ultimately results in a total loss, playing the spoiled, lovable drunken offspring of the obscene rich, who set up a front of great bravery but are secretly scared never to speak up, probably does not have much exploration of the character traits - he had his orders and held them St. <br /> <br In the end, ladies, your girlfriend is sure to cry, and you probably will not feel almost as concerned that the evening is definitely not a waste for the time you spend the evening spend. Catch it in the cinema or use it as a rental property to earn points if you want to be accompanied to a tour of Die Hard 4 or the upcoming Rambo strip. It is your little secret that this consideration did not cost you much.
