Since I start reading the book on which this movie is based, I have mixed feelings about the filmed result. I learned some time ago to see the filming of a book before I read the book. I found that when I read the book first, I was inevitably disappointed. This would undoubtedly have been the case here, while in the case of Atonement, which is probably the best filming of a book I've ever seen, it probably did not matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what's causing it, and I suspect I need to point my finger directly at Michael Cunningham. As much as I respect him for The Hours (which I did not read, but I saw and was impressed with), I can not shirk the feeling that he did not adapt Susan Minton's book so much as he did some of the characters and the basic requirements took over and write from it a separate film. <br /> <br /> It's not that I do not like the movie. I really love the movie, and that's why I feel disturbed since I started reading the novel. I am unfaithful to Ms. Minton for enjoying the movie that was so out of line with her work. When I read it, I can understand why she had a hard time adjusting it. Contrary to what a reviewer of the film said, it is not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; It's more like some books could not make the transition. Ms. Minton's novel is on a level that is so personal and intimate to her core character that it seems impossible to bring her into a physical realm. Although much of the book is a reminder of real events, it is a memory and so fragmented and ethereal that I can not film it. I think that Minton's work is a real literary work, but can not make the transition to film, which in no way affects its value. Evening, the novel, no more than in the most superficial way, since I'm only halfway through, but the original would have to make a mighty leap to follow the movie that follows at this point. I guess I'm writing this because I feel like you're adapting a novel, adapt it, but do not turn it into something else it's not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham did anything completely original, but as far as I can see, the things he's done are all based on someone else's work. We would not have had the hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have Evening in desperate form if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble, that which probably would not have been attempted. However, it is too much to say that it would be better if Ms. Minton had left alone enough, because Evening, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful work for itself. <br /> <br /> So my confusion is mixed feelings, a sense of infidelity and the ultimate conclusion that the novel in this case can not be the movie and vice versa, and my eventual gratitude to both authors for what they do so that we both have works the way they are.
