The first "side story" of the universal Gundam Universe reveals a refreshing new look at the war between the Earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who would play a key role in the conflict, but on the civilian population in everyday life and how the war is seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> History Does It Include a few Gundam staples whose premise is the attempts of a ZEON squad to capture an experimental Gundam, but see the execution of the storyline that made this show so interesting. This series focuses on the experiences of a little boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor Christina Mckenzie, who secretly is a Federation pilot, and a new Zeon pilot named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot is also in love with Christina. <br /> <br/> "War in the Pocket" proves that you do not need a full story about special people for a good war history. There are no superior pilots or fleet battles here. This short episode with 6 episodes focuses much more on the emotional drama of the characters than on other topics such as politics or philosophy. I love how realistic the characters are presented. Alfred is a typical everyday kid who plays violent computer games and thinks the armed forces are cool. In the terrible realities of the war, he gets a crash course. The unlikely friendship and bondage between Bernie and Christina, who do not know that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, are played very real, without going overboard with the love drama stuff. The same applies to the lovable relationship between Alfred and Bernie. That being said, I do not want to ruin much of the story here, but it's even more heartbreaking to watch the tragedies that unfold as the show unfolds to its emotionally devastating end. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, this show never falls into the category of "boring". The characters are just so captivating enough to wear the whole show. Do not worry, because here and there are a number of mobile action scenes. All are beautifully animated on a level that surpasses that of an OVA and will surely satisfy the desire for "compulsory" mobile suit fights in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Usually you see anime in Japanese or English, z would be left to your personal preference. But in this case, I recommend the English voice track over the Japanese. The characters, all of whom are Caucasian except Alfred, sound more credible in English, but the performances of the English voice are at eye level and surpass even the Japanese, giving each character such realistic emotions and intonations that they sound exactly the same in some live-action TV dramas. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. It conveys many heartwarming themes that most closely reflect the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A really moving little story that deserves more recognition than it is given.
