This is a complex film that examines the effects of Fordist and Taylorist modes of capitalist industrial production on human relationships. There is constant evidence of assembly line production, where workers are treated like gears in a machine. They are overseen by managers who carry clipboards, control how many hairs the workers are exposed to, and workers (Stanley) who meet all criteria (as his supervisor says: are always on time, are hard workers, do a good job), but who can make a mistake indefinitely. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley has lost his job. Iris' daughter is a single mother who breaks high school to accept a job at the factory. It should be noted that now both partners have to work with declining wages, implying that no one stays home to take care of the children. Iris' husband is dead from illness, and given the multiple clues in the film about the cost of medical care, the viewer has to wonder if he could have lived with better and more costly care. Iris's brother-in-law is abused after another unsuccessful day in the labor office when his wife calls him to buy a beer with their savings instead of leaving it for their facelift and / or tooth job (even the working class without employment) in conventional bourgeois notions of perfection and beauty they buy themselves). The only reference to the race in the film is a black factory worker whose husband is in prison (presumably black and black men also suffer disproportionately high incarceration rates). She realizes that he "makes time" like her - her family consists of a prisoner and a wage slave. However, Stanley still believes in human relationships and is therefore responsible for most of them film outside the system of Fordist capitalism. He cares about his father, though it was his father's work as a traveling salesman who led to his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced human relationships to a purely instrumental contract, as Iris's brother-in-law does (which suggests that he "married") the wrong sister. "He does not adapt, as Iris says, to the work routine of everyone else, rather he uses technology and techniques of industrial production in a creative and creative way, in a kind of Bauhaus ideal was the dream of the early modernists and socialists of the 1920s (such as the Bauhaus) - to use technology to satisfy all basic needs and to create more free time for creative human work and fuller human relationships, and beyond traditional gender relations He cooks, he cleans, he looks after his family and he can iron a traditionally male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she exposes Stanley to the public, traditionally banned for women. By teaching him to read and write, she gives him access to the world of knowledge, which is also traditionally gendered men. Literacy is used here as a metaphor for the (traditionally male) public realm and the systems of circulation (money, vehicle, culture) that allow participation in public space. Without this approach, Stanley is feminized - the jobs that are open to him are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular rounds, can not participate in the money (can not open a bank account), in the vehicle (can not get a driver's license, can not go by bus) and in the social sphere (he asks if he exists if he has his After reading, he learns about car repair, agriculture, and spirituality (the Bible), so the word of God is relativized and placed on the same level of value as how-to-books, in fact, organized religion is generally very limited The Bible also appears on a dresser while the camera searches for Stanley and Iris, who have sex, but it is recognized as a moral force - Iris, clearly a figure dedicated to the "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the movie that her rosary was tucked under the objects of a lost purse. <br /> <As soon as he can read, he enters the system and takes on a leadership position a health plan, a car and a house. He takes his place at the head of the family, the breadwinner. He is probably an industrial designer and dreams of products that others need to make the drudgery of the assembly line. This ending, which is probably the only conventional Hollywood in the movie, is so inappropriate with all that has come before, that I'm at least wondering if some studio managers did not force it, suddenly worried about the lack of a good feeling and its potential impact on the bottom line. <br /> <br /> Now that the experts say we've been comfortable with post-industrial capitalism, the film feels a bit nostalgic, as if we needed it to really analyze the historical distance, what happened in that time. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to train your brain. Ignore the end and it's close to a perfect 10.
