My dog ​​died recently, and this was a movie I loved a lot as a kid, so I had to see it to cheer me up. <br /> <br /> (Beware of the dog, I mean spoilers.) This movie is not just for kids and it's anything but ordinary. It was shot in 1939 in New Orleans. In the first place, the dog was not portrayed in this movie as an extra family member, but as an adult who had to cope with his own complicated life. At first, Charlie is not too different from his dishonest and brutal business partner Carface. He is money-driven, greedy and just escaped death row, as he notes at the beginning of the film. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others. Anne Marie and his buddy Itchy. Carface does not even listen to the fat, ugly dog ​​with the big glasses closest to him. Carface tries to assassinate the hero because he wants 100% of the profits in his business and does not want to be happy with just 50% - a most unusual way a German Shepherd mix dies. If you are eaten by a prehistoric alligator that saves your life because you can sing, it is very unlikely whether you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon, so it's logical here. Carge's revenge method is murder, while Charlie believes that success is the best revenge and financial success. After surviving death, he begins a business by taking over Carface's source of funding, a highly talented girl with the ability to communicate with animals. They win a whole series of races, and Charlie tells her that he will give the money to the poor - Tip: Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard and are therefore poor. He uses the money for his casino / bar / theater and not for the other "poor". The reason Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is because she feels compassionate and attentive. She teaches Charlie Ethics by pointing to his playing, lying and stealing. Charlie tries to make up for it by buying her clothes. She added the ethics needed by his company while Charlie took over management and Itchy prepared the construction. Carface uses violence and property damage to tear up Charlie's unprotected business. Charlie has lost everything and all he has left is this little girl. In the end, he had to choose between her and his own life. He first picks the watch out of self-preservation and sets it down as the girl begins to sink. Both the girl and the clock sank, and he had to choose one, and he chose the girl. <br /> <br /> The great part of this film focuses on a person's ability to learn right from wrong in the course of time and a child's ability to cope with the natural occurrence of a pet's death, that it never shows anyone who dies! The clock symbolizes his life and the clock is submerged and stopped. All the deaths were suggestive even to the villain. I have not cried in this movie so far, and I've made so much more that I had to write it down and share it with you.
