I love All Dogs Go to Heaven, even though I'm a guy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films Don Bluth did! In the film, Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is helped by his friend Itchy (Freedom of the Pound) in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who works in the casino business, wants to catch up with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface, unwilling to share Charlie with him, pushes a car on a bridge at Charlie and kills him! Charlie enters the sky and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore), who shows Charlie that his time has expired by showing him a clock that has stopped. She explains that All Dogs is going to heaven because all dogs are good by nature! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind his back and shuts it back and comes back alive alive with Annabelle screaming. You can never come back! Charlie meets again with Itchy and they soon go in search to find out that Carface has not only tried to assassinate Charlie, but has also kidnapped a small orphan named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves, Charlie and Itchy help Ann Marie escape. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go in search of money! Ann Marie sees a couple whom she believes could make great parents for her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie sneaks behind the man and steals his purse! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet with the man's money that a horse will win the race! The horse they said was going to win, and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie get $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie that he will use the money to give to the poor, but he has to buy a new casino and buy gambling and buy pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and their puppies. Soon Ann Marie found out that Charlie stole the man's wallet and used his money for the horse race and everything! Charlie, sad about it, has a dream to go to hell and hell! Soon, Charlie awakes and finds out Ann Marie has left! She has returned the wallet to the couple who gives her the wallet and invites for breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go with him and pretends to be sick, but is caught by mice trying to feed her King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon Carface shows up and captures Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to help and calls King Gator, who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up and he has to die again. Itchy, with the help of the other dogs, finds the couple Ann Marie brought with them and gets them to come with them to where Ann Marie is. They're on time to rescue Ann Marie, but it's too late to save Charlie, whose time is up! Charlie, honored for his heroic efforts to save Ann Marie, is taken back to heaven, but before he arrives he bids farewell to Ann Marie, who was adopted by the couple and asks her to take care of Itchy. She says yes and tells Charlie that she loves him and goodbye! Charlie is back in the sky, as it is said: All dogs go to heaven! Don Bluth has filled us with wonderful animations, characters and stories that he is a good animator! It's too bad that this movie was released in the same year as Little Mermaid, my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, that was the year before my birth! I think I have to call them both the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
