Above all, "St Ives' film is relatively loosely based on Robert Louis Stevenson's story of the same name, but this is not a criticism for once." The original novel was a work-in-progress that was not completed after the author's death The filmmakers have freely adapted and ended them, they have brought to life some loveable characters that, although they differ from Stevenson's originals, I'm sure, have charmed and amused him. <br /> <br /> It's 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual of Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphaned by the guillotine of the revolution, who now serves as a hussar in Napoleon's army, and we meet him in the evening on the night, claiming that a hussar does not die at the age of thirty is, "a black watcher", he is now "borrowed time" at 34. If he faces a series of challenges against duels, our dangerous hero seems to be in danger, but a surreal stre I to his colonel gives him a way out of the duels and into the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, this also leads to the loss of his commission ... Further mishaps lead to the fact that he is captured by the British and sent to a prisoner of war camp in a Scottish castle. While carving toys and boxes, Jacques catches the attention of Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a widely traveled woman of the world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story is about Flora, who helps Jacques escape and finds his emigrated grandfather, the old Comte. Of course there is a problem. Jacques's older brother, Alain, an outrageous alcoholic, is - perhaps understandably - far from satisfied when his grandfather disinherits him to the whole household, the moment Jacques has appeared ... betrayal on cue! There is also an entertaining romance subterfuge between the awkward, naive, but kind-hearted Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who has traveled most of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even a natural prejudice in favor of a movie in which the heroines my surname "St. Ives' is magical! It combines magnificent, swashbuckling sword fights, a balloon flight, comedy and romantic adventures. I would recommend it to anyone Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn & Co. Acting is great, Anna Friel makes Flora a spirited and engaging heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is adorable as Jacques, a really lovable hero, Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already big favorites of mine and have a lot of fun as Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship is considered a weird counterpoint to that of the leads, as the heinous, scheming but ultimately tragic Alain shows Jason Isaacs, as he recently did in 'The Patriot', has not only the great looks but also the classic daring style! Please, please, someone will tag him as * hero * in genre e occupy? <br /> <br /> My main issue is with the film settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is imprisoned is clearly Edinburgh, but the film shot in Ireland, Germany and France has made the setting "Highlandized", making the retention of place names such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry utterly incompatible. The costumes are also a true Hotch potch, from 1780 until the period in which they are hired. While this would not be implausible if more characters from the trade "do", it seems strange that wealthy ladies like the heroines in 1813 are wearing 1780 robes. The costly decision was clearly aesthetical: these earlier styles are visually much more appealing and elegant than Regency fashion and work in the idealized world of the film. Total 'St. Ives is 90 minutes of pure joy.
