Like his older brothers Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut his teeth in French cinema with a series of fine thrillers: "La Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979). "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau designed and shot his works at this time of his career. They had great cinematography, meticulous scripts, and directing for efficiency. <br /> <br /> The Police Superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a cop with unconventional methods, who usually works alone. He makes the acquaintance of a young woman, Sylvia Léopardi, and becomes her lover while ignoring that she has another lover: his superior Ganay. When he learns, he kills her angrily. Ferrot has to investigate the murder and all the clues are inexorable against him ... <br /> <br /> You might think that this far-fetched story is not free of disturbances, and sometimes you see it helps but Corneau's pedantic directing Style to conjure a stuffy, gloomy atmosphere. The first part of the movie before the Night of Murder may seem uninteresting, but it is crucial to what will follow this key moment. Corneau falls back on a sober treatment with rather sparse moments and short appearances of secondary, smaller figures, which the viewer will see again during the examination. Despite the disadvantages, Corneau and his scenarist Daniel Boulanger have written a neat story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes surprises because Ferrot remains relatively unremarkable during the investigation. His supervisor, however, knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot has to find solid tricks to tarnish and relieve the water. The main idea of ​​the film is Ferrot himself. He is a police officer who gradually loses his identity and is at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is the epitome of the moment when he throws acid on his face so that witnesses do not recognize him when he is brought face-to-face with Corneau's camera and helps to give this sinister thriller its ruinous charm to inspire.
