This drama is no different from Sex and the City, where women drink a few drinks and share their sexual encounters. It is much more personal and people can relate to it. It is much more engrossing and emotional at a new level than other dramas that focus on women and their lives, such as "Sex and the City, Lipstick Jungle ...". <br /> <br /> Dr. Katie Roden, a psychologist with a dark secret, looks much more depressed and guilty than the rest of her three friends. She looks at the death of her former lover, who was her patient, as he tackled his son's progress. Her dark clothes and her empty and cold house convey her inner feeling very well. <br /> <br /> Trudi Malloy, a widow, has problems with the "release" of her deceased husband from 9/11. And as a pretty stranger shows interest in Richard, she is suddenly forced by her friends to a reality check, indicating that she is back in the dating business. The ridiculous and embarrassing courting scenes between Richard and Trudi are totally funny! It is interesting to note that Richard asks her the day she receives a million dollars for the death of her husband. Some see what his intentions are. Siobhan Dillon, a lawyer, is fed up with her husband's love of developing tactics that are all about "baby-making" (because they have trouble getting an idea), and she quickly falls in love with her peers who likes to provide his "services" and she does not hesitate! It's interesting to see if they will continue their affair or work with their husband (played by Raza Jeffrey). Jessica, a real estate woman, is single and outspoken until she organizes a lesbian wedding and has an affair with one of them. Her character is a brave and provocative woman who has sex with a "married man" before her lesbian encounter, her colleague. Let's see where your character dares ... <br /> <br /> The beauty of this drama is that we are shown 4 completely different women with different scenarios, whose ambitions and inhibitions are shown. It's also a good thing that the drama reveals the fact that friends sometimes lie to be "safe"!
