If you know what to expect (overall) from a Denzel Washington performance - quality, integrity, gravitas, and dry humor - be prepared for what you can expect from his directorial debut. Like Robert De Niro's A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher provides the moving drama of a young man's life and the impact of key characters in his life. Just as in A Bronx Tale De Niro played one of those key figures of the main character (himself a character born, but too old), Washington plays a role similar to that of the title character's fatherly counselor - a figure that seems as if should he was played by a Washington from 20 years ago. Be grateful that Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if it did, we would first be deprived of the wonderfully measured and intelligently nuanced performance he provides as a Navy adviser. More importantly, we would not see the Magnificent. We can only hope that stars in the title role of Derek Luke turn away. Inevitably, the figure in Washington's form seems to have been made, but one has the impression that this is not only due to the fact that Washington ordered it, not that Luke tried to copy it, but that Luke is just as powerful and provokes an actor like Washington , It took far too long for Washington to receive the Academy Award for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane. Let's hope Luke does not have to wait that long. A great casting was also Joy Bryant as Fischer's girlfriend Cheryl. While this was a forgotten support or a standard role for a friend, Bryant brings her to life. Tender and intelligent transcends the role of stereotyping with Bryant who inhabits it, and it makes the part significant and interesting. It does not hurt either that Bryant is possibly the most attractive woman you see on celluloid this year - the smile alone could thaw the coldest heart. Playability and appearance - why is not this woman being made right now? Good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife Berta. With a silence or a glance, say more than many Hollywood actresses can create in an entire movie, it informs the audience about the entire story, long before an exhibition takes place. As far as Washington's directing is concerned, it is, as I said, the directing equivalent of his acting. To accept the story of a man of whom few audiences have heard, and to really make it interesting, is a difficult feat that Washington does brilliantly. The film is neither hurry nor intrusive, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and differentiated and balances humor and drama perfectly. Antwone Fisher may not blow you away when you like big, explosive, haphazard Hollywood movies, but for those who value a finely crafted character piece, with great performances and a stable, well-understood guide, this is for you.
