Unlike other commentators who have commented on this film's ability to overcome the race, I believe that this powerful film provides a complex and profound story that addresses institutional racism and its implications. With a careful hand and critical eye, Washington leads the story of Fisher and renounces this cinematic endeavor, neither to dismember the body of women nor to perpetuate elaborate stereotypes or to satisfy the expectation of the white gaze. I think this movie might be a bit too happy in the end; However, it is deeply rooted in Afro-American culture and discourse that some white viewers feel they are getting a glimpse into the life of this African-American Antwone Fisher. I'm having trouble with the maritime aspect of the movie, but if we look at America, there are not many opportunities or opportunities for black men in Fisher or similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie and expect a "black movie: What's a black movie?" <br /> <br /> Stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single parents, and so on constitute a "black movie." I think Washington as a director has recognized that African Americans and other people with color are having human problems such as abuse and evade displaced aggression, to name just a few. "These problems have been confirmed - historically and presently - only by" good "Will Hunting" and other white films; It is high time that they receive the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in the media and the media. <br /> <br /> In this racist country, Denzel Washington, it is sad to say and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years to get an Oscar or something else, and they will both have to wait until they come In a movie that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes, getting an Oscar or a star saying, Denzel earns awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before this Jive "Training Day" Oscar. This does not mean denying or supplanting other great color actresses who have denied their due praise for their ingenious work. However, Hollywood would rather send out the message that racism and sexism and heterosexism are acceptable by perpetuating and even rewarding these stereotypes, as found in countless films such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil," "American Pie "," And even "Gone with the wind. "Derek Luke is an infernal actor and I wish him well, and all the other actors and performers did a great job, even though I deal with Denzel's selection of another smooth, fair-skinned sistuh, so everyone should watch this movie but not something for everyone, lots of wind
