This film, based on a true story, was written by first director and longtime actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has shown us some of the best achievements of the last decade, as a black soldier in the Glory Civil War and as a lawyer in celebrated Philadelphia. And of course he made a name for himself last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor on Training Day. Denzel Washington was the first African American to receive the Best Actor Award. I think Denzel wanted a change, so he decided to head Antwone Fisher, where he also plays the lead role. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the big screen but has been featured on some TV shows like the King of Queens, and will appear in the upcoming Biker Boyz movie release. <br /> <br /> This is a really successful movie by Denzel Washington, since he was directing for the first time. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt a certain obligation and believed in the true story of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher is about a young African-American man in the Navy, who is constantly involved in fighting. After a certain brawl, he is sent to a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, who is played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone cope with his difficult past and learn to continue his life by finding his birth mother, who had to give him up at birth because she was in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it's not overly melodramatic. I expected something more like Good Will Hunting with much cursing, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I did not like Good Will Hunting or the cursing, fighting and vulgarity of the movie was wrong. But on the contrary! Antwone Fisher, however, is a true story, and I do not think Washington wanted to sensationalize the story because of its dramatic influence in the movie. Do not get me wrong, there are moments when Antwone fights, carries on and has moments when the world seems to be approaching. After all, in his first meeting with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer is "under one stone," an obvious jab, given the pressure on Antwone Fisher's soul subsides. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensationalized for dramatic effects. I think it shows a real character of Denzel Washington to provide a more realistic story and to avoid the typical stereotypes that are common in Hollywood films, even if based on true stories. Another point I want to talk about Antwone Fisher is acting. Overall, the performances in the movie were good, but not great. I think it was sometimes obvious that the main characters were actors, but complaining altogether would be ridiculous in this movie. One actress I would like to refer to in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but she hardly says two sentences in the film, but not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but rather because she is shocked that her long-lost son Antwone has found her. What I would like to point out as an actress about her lack of use. She's basically a character actress, and I have not seen any really sophisticated roles. She made appearances in Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate & Leopold and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In Steven Soderberg's remake of Solaris, she played a scientist on a doomsday vehicle circling a planet. In this movie, she is confronted with George Clooney's character, and she tears what Clooney tells her in a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing her ripping in the scene and thinking, wow, that woman can act. It was as if one could feel the grief of the figure. She expressed so much in that short expression that I felt genuinely sorry for the grief and problems of her character in the film. I think she definitely has potential as an actress and should be used more often as a lead actor and not just as a character actress. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, performs well and gives us a great directorial debut. Derek Luke is also a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his immense critical reputation for his portrayal of the Disturbed Man, but I think his popularity is increasing with the release of Biker Boyz, who also plays Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
