"And there came a time when the risk to remain in a bud was more painful than to bloom the risk" (Anais Nin Marcel Proust): "The real voyage of discovery is to see new landscapes, but new eyes Author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world with new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish," written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in the movie Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first director. It is a heartfelt, albeit somewhat formal, look at the painful process of transition from his past to a life in the present. <br /> <br /> Required, after several outbursts of rage at the treatment take the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in retrospect, while the adult Antwone (Derek Luke) in meetings with the Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington) his life tells. He is not ready to speak at first, but when he starts, the locks are opened. After his father was shot dead by a friend and Antwone was released after his release, Antwone was taken to a nursing home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, treatment by his foster-mother Ms. Tate (Novella Nelson), who had only called him "Nigga", and his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was actually much worse than shown on screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local called Jesse (Jascha Washington), who later in the film only contributes to his sense of abandonment. It is difficult to make a film about psychiatric sessions to build, but he was successfully filmed in Ordinary People and Good Will Hunting with a lot more dramatic interest, but he's here successful due to the dominant powers of Washington and Luke, although the attempt of the film, eleven Compressing years in a few months seems a bit too easy. However, Davenport's humanity and warmth allow Fisher to feel confident enough to discuss his difficult past. Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend, who is also in the Navy, supports him in his fight for a breakthrough. <br /> <With Cheryl's help and dr. Davenport's advice develops Answer enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey to try to find his mother to end the past. In Derek Luke 's incredible performance Antwones longing comes after acceptance expressed, dramatized in a wonderful dream that is shown at the beginning of the film, in which he is guest of honor at a banquet with people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said: "People need only remember what we're all here: to give way to find home ..." Antwone Fisher touched not only the desire of young people to find their way home, but reaches all those who have cried themselves to sleep without knowing the joy of being loved.
