Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Running time: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was the quintessential comedy of the decade. It won Sir John Gielgud the Oscar. It was even featured in VH1's "I Love the 80's". And it looks just as good today as it did on its first release. Arthur is the acclaimed comedy classic of a drunken millionaire (played with excitement and wit by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated performance), who must choose between his beloved wife and his usual life. While the basic conspiracy is a big cliché, this congenial combination of smart dialogue and witty farce is nothing strange. Arthur Bach is basically a presumptuous jerk, but you can not help but like him. Especially if he lines like "Do not you wish I was you? I know it!" He is also a demarcation from the archetypal film hero: unlike most of the wealthy characters we see on screen, he is not ashamed of being dirty rich. In one scene, a man asks him, "How does it feel to have all the money?" To which he replies, "It feels great." Moore gives such a charisma and charm to a character who would otherwise be loathed by his audience. And as an arrogant servant, Gielgud is just perfect. He addresses his master with the utmost condescension, though his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or extraordinary: it just comes by itself. The script, which also received a nod from the Academy, is filled with authentic, loud, loud conversations. This is a kind of movie you cite endlessly when you get together with some poker buddies. It also looks at his characters with sincere empathy. There have been a number of comedies trying to immerse themselves in the drama by involving the death or illness of a major star (including the two grumpy old men), but few can bring it because we just do not care. If this film makes the dubious decision to shut down the butler, it will actually work because we really like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it's a completely guiltless pleasure. In a time when movies are getting more and more serious, Arthur reminds us of what it feels like to go to the movies and just have fun. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
