I remember trying a few minutes of this movie. I am very surprised that I did not see everything, from director Steve Gordon, his only film, that was staged heart failure before death. Basically, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominee Dudley Moore) is the lucky, drunken millionaire with everything he wants, a mansion, a Butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe winner), and BAFTA has nominated Sir John Gielgud ) and a lot of alcohol. He is to inherit $ 750 million when he marries the co-millionaire's daughter Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the wife he and his family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). Instead, Arthur falls in love with waitress Linda Queens, who of course threatens the inheritance, and 3/4 of his family's fortune from father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). , After the death of Hobson, Arthur contradicts the wishes of the family on the day of the wedding, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the inheritance to be able to live happily and everlastingly with the true love of Linda. Also with Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria-Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - party guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a bit twitchy as a nearly drunken millionaire, Minnelli is sympathetic to the woman he loves, and of course Gielgud makes a great Oscar impression as Moore's humorous modest sarcastic servant, a terrific screwball comedy. It won the Oscar for best song for "Arthur's Theme" (it also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 on 100 years, 100 songs), and it was written for Best Writing, Screenplay directly written, nominated For the screen, the BFTA Anthony Asquith Award for film music was nominated for Burt Bacharach and received the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 in the 50 Greatest British Actors and the film was number 53 at 100 years, 100 laughs. Very well!
