Arthur was always a personal movie for two reasons. A good friend of mine who worked as an extra on the film to help with the horses during the recently deceased stable landscape. If you look quickly, you can see Frank Graham in the background during the restaurant scene while Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are in conversation. Frank was a champion of the rider and is missed by all who knew him. Second, I actually knew a real Arthur Bach. He was not quite as rich as Arthur, but spent 47 years of his life basically as a child. His parents strictly controlled his purses, but his rent and utilities were paid in a basement apartment in Greenwich Village. He spent much of his time getting intoxicated with various ghosts and making a public spectacle of himself, as did Dudley Moore. <br /> <br /> The miracle with Arthur is why someone would not disturb the wealth with him. But that's the other half of the equation. My friend was a very charming person when you met him. In fact, it was almost a compulsion to be charming. He could not buy a newspaper or magazine without trying to establish a relationship with the seller. He spent his life being a perfect party guest. The term Wastel, which was in use in the 19th century, would apply to him. <br /> <br /> And that's Dudley Moore, a piece of cake. Unlike my friend, Moore John Gielgud has to cleanse after him. This is a full time job, as we see in Arthur. My friend never found a Liza Minnelli, a male Liza Minnelli, because he was gay. Nevertheless, Moore's portrayal of Arthur Bach is deadly accurate and so real to me. Arthur, the waste of the 20th century, has to marry another trust fund baby in Jill Eikenberry. Since he is not working, the danger of being cut off is quite real for him. He only has his butler Hobson, played by John Gielgud, and chauffeur Bitterman, played by Ted Post, to spend his troubles. We should all have such problems. <br /> <br /> John Gielgud has certainly worked better in his nearly one hundred year life than in Arthur in the film, and indeed Gielgud is better known for his stage performances. Still, 1981 was a year of feeling Oscar-time. The Academy awarded Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn Oscars for On Golden Pond and Gielgud the Best Supporting Actor Award, essentially for the work of their lives. This man was amazing, still almost to the end in his craft. <br /> <br /> So we are dedicated to Frank Graham, who has worked in the film, and Jackie Weiss, a real genuine Arthur, this report.
