1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in moving pictures. While some of the best silent movie films in all genres were filmed, the sound came in and - while earning big profits at the box office - set the art of filmmaking back about five years as the film industry struggled with the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great comedies of the silent movie era. The film shows that William Haines had comic abilities that went beyond his usual formula of the obnoxious, cocky man who turns everyone against him, learns his lesson, and then redeems himself by winning the football game, polo, and so on. This movie is also Exhibit A to show that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent funny instincts and timing. This film begins with the adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and his father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, from Beverly Hillbillies, fresh from the Old South. General Pepper has decided that a happy movie studio boss will hire his daughter as an actress. During the studio commissioner, the Peppers meet Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. He gets Peggy as an actress. She is unhappy when she finds out that it is slapstick, but she insists. Eventually, she is spotted by a large studio and she and Billy break up as she begins to take on dramatic roles. Soon the new celebrity goes into her head, and she's losing her audience and getting a royal title as she decides to marry her new senior husband, whom she does not really love, unless fate somehow seizes on. <BR /> <br /> One of the things MGM often does in his late silent film series and his early Sound era era recordings is the filming of the way MGM filmed around 1930 Charlie Chaplin tries Peggy's autograph, a wealth of cameos from MGM players during that era, including director King Vidor himself, and even a cameo from Marion Davies as Peggy, who has seen Marion Davies work at the job as Marion Davies. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she is not interested in her. It's really a pleasure from start to finish, this is a silence that is definitely worth it. This is one of the films that I also recommend to familiarize people with the art of silent film, as it is very accessible.
