This comedy from 1981 still sparkles thanks to the combined efforts of writer and director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon died only in his early forties, shortly after completing his only feature film. It's a particularly unfortunate loss, as it shows a truly skilled hand at the character-driven farce that makes the movie irresistible. It's almost like a screwball comedy from the '30s that has been redesigned for contemporary tastes. The plot revolves around Arthur Bach, a drunken, miniature millionaire playboy who runs the risk of losing his 750 million dollar legacy if he does not marry the boring and boring Susan Johnson, an heiress to his grandfather and his mutilated grandmother is selected. Of course, he does not love her and happens to meet Linda Marolla, a working-class waitress (and, of course, aspiring actress), after finding a Bergdorf Goodman tie for her dad. <br /> <br /> The standard complications are most appealing with a lot of alcoholic slapstick, carried out with the classic Elan from Moore. That he likes such a spoiled character is due not only to his comic talents, but also to Gielgud's determined, sour turn as Hobson, Arthur's devout but realistic valet. It's the kind of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson such a memorable character that his fate in the film is a welcome injection of the fight. In her most likable role, Liza Minnelli transfers the image to her male actors, weakening her usual, startling personality and making Linda truly righteous in her motivation. An LA Law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan exactly the right passive-aggressive tone, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father on" Seinfeld ") steals all his scenes as Linda's sloppy father, Ralph, is one fly in the ointment, the old actress Geraldine Fitzgerald And I have to admit that I still do not like the very outdated, outdated Christopher Cross song, who inevitably won the Oscar for Best Song of the Year , which certainly requires a remastering, except some photos and production notes no noteworthy extras.
