I had seen Marion Davies in a couple of movies and really could not understand her appeal. She could not dance for peanuts, she did not try to sing, and as far as her acting was concerned - she seemed to be in a trance. But I had not seen her silent comedies and this movie is wonderful. Instead of kidding her own image, as suggested here, a satire on Gloria Swanson, which began with slapstick comedy, seems to me to follow highly emotional female images and eventually marry a count. Marion, a top mimic, also made a funny rabbit imitation whenever she wanted to be considered great, that was Gloria Swanson's spot !!! Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter Peggy (Marion Davies) will be the greatest star of all time. Their hopes are dwindling, and they are reliant on their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines), who works at slapstick studios and promises to get Peggy to work. Peggy believes that she will become a great dramatic actress, but the studio considers her a fantastic comic. They convince her to shoot the film and in the preview she is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for an autograph, but she does not recognize him and treats him roughly. "Who was the little guy" - when she finds out that she faints !!! Peggy and Billy receive a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is searched and suddenly she is on her way. There's a funny scene where she sees a star she does not care about much - it's Marion Davies. <br /> <br /> She finally has the chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a funny scene because the director tries everything to make her cry, and if he succeeds, she can not stop !!! Her new senior man, Andre (Paul Ralli), persuades her to forget her comedy past, to become elite and demanding - she even takes on a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the slapstick studio chooses the same location as "Patricia's" movie, Billy is thrilled to see her, but unprepared for her snobby setting. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a studio lunch (a great panoramic shot of some of the biggest stars of the day) Patricia receives a call from the boss. It seems their films are a flop, and no theater wants to book them - the public is tired of their behavior and wants to put back old Peggy. She and Andre decide to marry, she dreams of being a countess (though Billy says Andre used to serve him spaghetti in a small downtown cafe and is no longer a count as he is). On her wedding day Billy visits and after a funny pudding paste fight she realizes that Billy is the right one for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert is seen by the MGM Gates, Lew Cody, talks to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It" but also several racy romances that too MGM films were made. William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially in the cafeteria scene he had a wonderful comic-timing. Harry Gribbon was funny as a comedy director - there were so many funny scenes in this movie and Marion was at the top of them all - I give this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Very, very recommended.
