8 Simple Rules for Dating My teenage daughter had a good start. The highly talented Tom Shadyac was involved in the project. This meant that the comedy would not be less spectacular, and that's exactly what happened: The show is still one of the freshest, funniest and funniest shows in a long time. Every line, facial expression, casting choice, scene, everything of perfection. There was not a single episode I thought, "Man, that was not as good as the rest". Everyone was an outstanding one. Again, this is the kind of perfectionism we expect from Tom. For those who do not know, Tom Shadyac is the director of Ace Ventura (first film), The Nutty Professor (first professor) and Liar Liar. A whole CV. He is a producer, not a director, but his magic touch is felt in every episode. The family consists of: <br /> <br /> The father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): nice, a bit neurotic, can be a pushover from time to time he works as a sportswriter. Unfortunately, John passed away in 2003 and left a good memory and almost certain cancellations of the suits. <br /> <br /> The Mother: Cate (Katey Sagal): Come on, who did not fall in love with Katey She played Peg on Married With Children? Al Bundy was our hero. We viewers gave him the respect and love he never had. But without Peg's nonchalant, parasitic, lazy lifestyle, Al would probably have been just another Chicago dad, instead of the chaos Peg (Life) had actually brought. Katey was a MILF at the time and still is: now brunette (instead of a redhead) and just as buxom as ever. Cate is the conservative mother and loving wife. I know, it sounds boring, but funny it fits perfectly. <br /> <br /> The Ditzy Blonde Daughter: Bridget (perfectly played by Kaley Cuoco): An idiot was almost never played. Apart from Gob at Arrested Development, Bridget may be a shoe for all the awards given to this archetype. Bridget is flat, egocentric, not very bright and a bit slutty in the eye. She plays the stupid blonde role better than absolutely any IMO. Perfection. One of the highlights of the show. <br /> <br /> The Overlooked Geeky Daughter: Kerry (Amy Davidson): A bride and a geek, she does not get any love from life or circumstances. Feels mostly overlooked, undervalued and neglected. She is Bridges younger sister (she's actually older than she is), and the two extremely opposite personalities and brains cause endless clashes, which is much to our amusement. The son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): was the second most wittic character of IMO before the death of Ritter, then John happens, new characters arrive and Rory is not the wise crackling verbal trouble he used: this was mainly due to David Spade's character , <br /> <br /> These characters were the main characters at the time of John Ritter. Unfortunately, the insanely funny Larry Miller (one of my favorites) did not get much time on the screen. He played Paul's co-worker / competitor. After an aortic dissection, which cost Knight 2003 (September 11) his life, the show was interrupted for a while. No one thought it could come back, but later with a few new additions. This started the second phase of the show, and the new characters were: <br /> <br /> The stern, confident Headmaster: Ed (Adam Arkin): I've seen Adam here and there on talk shows. This was the first time I saw him doing something. Impressed is the word I use. His performance was very impressive. Sad that he was not brought in earlier. He also plays Cate's potential love interest after Paul dies. The gradual progress towards this point (which would have sounded crazy at the beginning) brings praise to the creators. It was executed slowly, carefully and excellently, with Paul (Ritter) always paying tribute. The Attitude Grandpa: Jim Egan (James Garner): A surprisingly welcome addition to the series, he was a cannon fodder for endless "old" jokes, mainly of ... <br /> <br /> The 35-year-old unemployed smart half-brother Mother: CJ (played by David Spade in incredibly funny heights): I knew Spade was funny, I just did not know he was THAT funny. Somehow, Spade's very familiar presence is perceived in his character (as opposed to a separable character), which is understandable since he is a comic and is in a comedy show. This eerie feeling is like seeing someone borrowing material from David Spade's appearances in movies, talk shows, and features (awards, etc.), and delivering an excellent imitation of Spade's voice and comedy style, in addition to being Spade is. By that I mean that you know that he does not try to play someone else, or a completely new character: he's the silly, funny spade we've met, and he puts this pleasantly humorous formula to the absolute top. Every line he uttered, every sarcasm he produced, all classics, literally. Spade was crazy funny; SO, SO funny. <br /> <br /> The humor and drama of the show had both been increased after the show, but the audience thought, "John has insisted it will not be the same anymore." This is understandable given that we are talking about a group of people (American viewers) who unlock 'Yes Dear', but Andy Richter Controls will cancel the universe in no time. As the quality of the show increased, their ratings dropped. Soon it was not sad anymore. <br /> <br /> And I've saved the best for last: fans of Married With Children will be pampered. And boy, what a pleasure. I still shudder when I remember it. It's a surprise that is so good that it would be crazy for me to spoil it, even if I make it legal under the pretext of "spoiler ...". Suffice to say that you will NEVER forget this. I know, I will not :-)
