I had the pleasure of showing at the New London Film Festival 2006 "The Big Bad Swim" last week. The festival features some of the best independent and non-mainstream films of the past year. I suspected that "The Big Bad Swim" was selected for this festival just because it was filmed in and around Eastern Connecticut. However, when the credits started rolling, I could only remember how well "The Big Bad Swim" was compared to the others during the festival. By far it was on my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed the Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> The "The Big Bad Swim" is a captivating, honest and often humorous look at several adult education class students and their sympathetic but restless instructor, who has a depth that I have not known for quite some time seen on the screen. The interweaving character development and storylines, derived from something absurd like adult swimming lessons, are subtle and loveable, which I found refreshing. The action does not strike you with a direction over your head; Rather, it builds and grows organically at a pace that was just right. I was never bored. I never collapsed. I never stepped out of history on the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". The spectacle of a relatively unknown group of actors was believable and their dialogue never seemed uncomfortable or thoughtless. Obviously, the camera shots, which were not millions, were not all impressive and clear, but adequate and well-made for the budget. The lighting and filming techniques for scenes filmed at the Strip Club were especially striking because they were more realistic than a similar theme scene from "Closer". I also found shots that were filmed from the waist down underwater seemed to be as much a portrait of the character as a shot from the shoulders could be up. <br /> <br /> I'm sure it's said by many in the independent film industry, but I have to say it: if "The Big Bad Swim" is not chosen for a kind of distribution, I would be extremely disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" has to be seen. If you have the opportunity to see this movie, SEE IT! Disappointment is impossible!
