Sunday, July 16, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As Colonel of the South, your make-up is very Indian" <br /> <br /> The jabbering gossip sounds of Hollywood have it managed to hurl more than a bit of mud in Marion Davies' direction over the years. That she had fame and was undeserved is often speculated. In view of the Mawkian dramas in which she was so often pushed, this criticism seems to have some validity. As a comedienne, however, her star shone very well. She had a career in light comedy and slapstick, perhaps she could have rivaled Mabel Normand. Her better outings included King Vidor's Show People (1928), who survive and are so well known because MGM has filled them with star cameos. This fortunate coincidence unintentionally saved what is undoubtedly one of the best works of his two stars, Davies, and the notorious Joe College Wise Cracker, William Haines. Rumor has it that Show People is based on the life of Gloria Swanson, who started out in Sennett comedies and became a big drama (and did not think she had not spent the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With Walsh of Stroheim and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this film are the original excavations Keystone abandoned a year ago (remember who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) travels from Georgia to Hollywood with his daughter Peggy (Davies) to star in the movies. These two country hicks are an unsuspecting food for the incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "A Custard Cake Artist ??" She walks down to her cafeteria table in an outrageously funny entrance (watching out for the piece with the noodle) and then helps Peggy land a piece in his next picture. What she considers a high drama turns out to be a spinner, but a job is a job, and Billy convinces her. "All stars have to take it by the chin?" The preview bumps Billy and Peggy ?? .. Charlie Chaplin, asking for her autograph! She pushes the little guy aside and a horrified Billy reaches for the book and makes her mark. Chaplin climbs into his car and Billy tells Peggy that she's just nudging, so of course she faints. It's so funny, considering that Davies character does not recognize this guy! Peggy soon works at High Art Studios, changing her name to "Patricia Pepoire", leaving poor Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful broadcast of a serious actress, with all the necessary eyelashes and trembling lips. Vidor lunches in a parade of stars having lunch in a long tracking shot (and they're all sitting shoulder to shoulder in front of the camera!), Including Polly Moran (who's also a sensational joker playing Davies's maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comedy duo of Karl Dane (with the arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the cutlery), Leatrice Joy ( amused by Arthur's antics), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a robe) Gilbert (who also seems to be driving through the MGM gates at an early stage), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (as always bitchy and demure) and Patricia, dressed like Marie Antoinette, sandwiched between Douglas Fairbanks (he does an amusing trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy meets the high art crew on the spot as the comedy troupe disturbs their shooting with predictable nutty results. Vidor himself works as director of the current production of Peggy in the final scene. Also noteworthy are Harry Gribbon as a comedy director who draws a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director who can not make Peggy cry for her screen test and can not stop her if she does, and Paul Ralli as Andre, her dramatic love interest and a hilarious cheater. When her character tries to "act," it's as if Davies makes fun of all the horrible dramas she's been forced into, and she's brilliant at doing it. <br /> <br /> Show People is a true satire the 'good ole days' for ten years, it remains a very entertaining example of the high quality work of MGM Irving Thalberg and her enormous wealth of gathered talent. What a pity, so much has been lost. There are too many examples of great films like The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies' hugely successful comedy from the beginning of the same year that languished in vaults when they could be seen and enjoyed.
