I had the opportunity to watch this film twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I liked it so much that I saw it a second time when they had an addition demonstration. <br /> <br /> When I think about the films shown at festivals, I usually expect that they are often nervous and unusual with the feel of a lavish student project. Of course there is nothing wrong with such projects, and I like the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want a more mainstream approach to independent filming. By "mainstream", I mean more of a film produced for national release - in other words, a movie you would see in a regular movie theater. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and drama In this film, everyone is totally professional. There is nothing that is usually independent of this movie. As an aspiring director, I'm always on the lookout for films that motivate me to stop hesitating and engage more in my career. This is one of those movies. When I saw The Big Bad Swim, my motivation was incredible. I felt that my adrenaline had happened. The reason I felt that way was because I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing this long project. When I feel that way in a movie, I know it's really good. This is Ishai Setton's first feature film project, and I wish it had been my project. This is really rare for me. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It's beautifully filmed and directed, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster delivers a very credible and likeable performance. It has a quality in itself, a charisma that really attracts you and that always focuses on you when it's on the screen. It gives you the feeling of knowing you as a friend in person. This is a gift. I think the industry is really unable to use their acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did first-class jobs. I can not say enough nice things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all involved in its production.
