In recent months, I've been collecting Voyager seasons 4 through 7 on DVD (previously I only had 1 to 3 on video because Kes is my favorite character) and just reached the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on television here in the UK but had forgotten most of it. Am I satisfied with the end? I think I am. Of course, as a fan I would have liked to see more of what happened to the characters when they got home, but that's up to our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to "All Good Things ??" from Next Gen. The involvement of the crew in the future, but especially of the captain. A new romance begins in the finale (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which leads to death in the future. I loved "Endgame", fair to all characters, Neelix appears even though he had left the ship two episodes before. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with loving husband Tom. Tuvok is ill, but going home means he can be cured. Harry has always been the most timid and determined, but admits the journey is important. The Doctor will be respected by everyone in the future and will eventually choose the name Joe! But of course the captain has the biggest role and hits his future self, who wants to bring the crew home earlier to avoid casualties. The Borg are involved, as they played a big role in Voyager's time. Alice Krige plays the Borg Queen again fantastically, only her voice and acting are great. I'm sorry for Susanna Thompson, the TV Borg Queen was replaced by the movie Borg Queen. Maybe she was not available. The special effects are fantastic, the Borg Sub Space Hub and the Borg Queen are falling apart! It is very tense. Especially when they come out of the Borg subspace corridor and say that their position is exactly where they would have thought after saying that they need to go into a corridor leading back to the Delta Quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to go into a Borg bullet for protection, they say on the DVD peculiarities that it was like a Trojan horse. Voyager could have gone on. If it were more popular, they would have stuck to their original idea of ​​the crew that the ship is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and child are there. And then they could have come home in a movie! <br /> <br /> All in all, Voyager was a little crazy. The sixth season seemed like a good one, followed by a less than good one. The two episodes in the holographic Irish village are terrible! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took the helm, everything revolved around her, which was not true. When she first appeared, she focused on the fourth season in too many episodes, but it weakened afterward. Her character is sometimes awesome, 20 years as a Borg drone, gradually rediscovering her humanity. I like them, especially in "Someone Who Guard Me," "Imperfection," and "Human Error." When Naomi Wildman was initially scared of her, but then often became her friend by her side, that was lovely. Chakotay became my least beloved character. The chemistry with Janeway was over (or?), And you would never believe he was the first officer. He has been completely pushed back most of the time. I loved seeing Tom and B'elanna's relationship blossom against adversity. I've always liked Neelix very much. Tuvok was good at times, especially when he lost his logic, gained emotions, and was friends with Neelix. Harry was annoying at times, but at other times an okayer character. The doctor is probably my favorite. He sees how far he is coming and comedy situations he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is awesome!). Janeway is my favorite captain in each series and you can tell Kate Mulgrew that she really enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I wish there was more, I love Voyager!
