So every year there is at least one movie where there is no chance to be successful at the box office, because from the moment of production, even before a simple shot is made, each one selected for this film will have a long list of that kind Movies, and in the end, some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their weaknesses, but are quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)), and then there are a few that are actually really great are for what they are, but nobody admits! I mean, my God, just because the big crowd has to have a victim every year they can get involved in, not everyone has to join them. Yes, maybe these films are not perfect, but how many movies are there? Not every movie is supposed to be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these films, but I bet there are more than those who admit that they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just hilariously funny, Color of Night (1994), who is not Oscar-worthy, but definitely a stupid thriller with a few nice twists, Swept Away (2002), I thought a great mix of sick humor and a wonderful romance, Gigli (2003), which was great entertainment with some really memorable lines and was not badly played by the former "Bennifer" couple, and this year it's "Basic Instinct 2" , ! When I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical, and although I really love Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I can not understand why there is such a bad press here and a bad vote here. It never simply copies the original, it has a pretty clever story, excitement, action, humor, and the absolutely stunning Sharon Stone, who plays the role of her life! At 47, when she made the film, she looks hotter than many stars in her 20s, but it's more than just beautiful, it's brilliant, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she does it she speaks and moves ... from the beginning The first frame she is in can not take her eyes off her. It's just a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors deliver solid performances! So I really can not understand what's wrong with this movie. He has a dark, exciting, sexy and dark look, strong performances and it never felt boring! Maybe the story is not an Oscar, but she does not even try it! It's an entertaining movie, and by that standard, it delivers absolutely in my opinion! So try it!
