After years of waiting for a new movie to continue the sexual chaos of "Basic Instinct," we've gotten a great sequel filled with the right elements for such a franchise! I remember everything about the original, the steam, the romance, the sex, the interrogation, the music (by Jerry Goldsmith's master) and everything else from violence and murder to intense arguments of all kinds! Make no mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for the audience. I remember when we first heard about such a sequel in 2001. Five years later we have it. I never thought it would end like this. When it was declared a rejected project, time sure could not tell if it was a real possibility to start. Well, I think we know now that anything is possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer is not present, we just need the glamorous, always-reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a deal! Please listen to me ... <br /> <br /> If people say that this movie is bad, I think that's just because the style is extreme and a bit dated. I use the word "dated" only because we have not seen a movie of this kind for years and the audience has been adapted to the pointless, boring storytelling seen in other films that actually make money. Big numbers are because of these Movies are family friendly. Who needs something and a clean hole? Of course it's a nice thing, but come on! Escapism is really rare these days and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real fans, which we expected. This film is neither an Oscar winner, nor does he try to be. It simply provides the diehard fans with what they expected. It's a movie for fun. Movies seem too serious today, but this movie is just laid back and fun, not serious, not too serious anyway. That means I will rate the movie. <br /> <br /> The film is a fast-paced movie from the first second, as we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, accelerating at 110 km / h and enjoying pleasurable thrills. Maybe sex and driving do not mix, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, she gets away unharmed, but her beloved partner is not doing so well. Again Tremell is the main suspect of the accident and is put under analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) automatically attracts her from the first moment. Like another investigator in front of him, he is slowly and surely fascinated and seduced. His denial of everything begins to fall around him as she casts a spell, only that she has the power to do so. Tramell may be more dangerous now than before, but like the first we never really know, right? Once the seduction is on the move, jealousy, anger, drugs and a plate of erotic scenery follow! <br /> <br /> In this film, the first is not recycled, but occasionally the incidents of the previous films are briefly mentioned. That is a good thing. It lets us know as an audience that the script was written to raise the level one or two levels. Sharon Stone baffles us again, as if 14 years are not over. Her second run of the fraudulent writer is on site as before. Just great! David Morrissey is well-filled and does pretty well. The fact that a non-popular star was chosen makes his performance all the more fun because we have no background as an audience, only what we see of him. My last thought: 8.5 to 9 out of 10 points. It is neither the first, nor can he win the first place with a prize. It can, however, do justice to the standards of the first film, and it does! It does.
