"Wisecracker", the biography of actor William Haines, offers a gratifying anecdote about the former star when he was over 70 years old and has long since withdrawn from film production. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to attend a show by SHOW PEOPLE in Los Angeles, the late silent film in which he starred with Marion Davies. Previously, Haines had been worried that this comedy would provoke the wrong laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and certainly relieved) by how well it was and how much the young audience enjoyed it. Watch the movie today and see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it squanders its goals with wit and flair, but without malice. It is still funny and his satirical points are still resonating. It is needless to say that the technology of filmmaking has changed enormously since the quiet days, but the claims and craziness of the filmmakers themselves have not changed much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also considered the Best of Survival by Marion Davies, a top-notch comic actress who earns an outstanding place in the pantheon of great comedies. In terms of her career, Davies was both blessed and cursed by the patronage of her predecessor, newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst had a tremendous influence on Davies' role choice, and it was also known that he preferred to see dignified heroines in historical costumed drama despite their talent for the comedy. In the late 20's, Marion was allowed to show her things in a few exuberant light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY) for various reasons, but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great King Vidor, is her most beautiful showcase. William Haines gives an appealing, likeable performance as her friend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the show of the leading lady. Marion plays Southern Belle Peggy Pepper, an aspiring actress who storms Hollywood Accompanied by her father, determined to become a movie star. (Her dad Colonel Pepper is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's biographical drama who happened to resemble Hearst!) One of Marion's funniest pieces often cut out elsewhere is her Casting Office casting of the Comet Studio. While daddy helplessly proposes emotions to portray ("grief! ... joy!") And pulls a handkerchief over her face, Peggy takes the appropriate expression and posture. She's employed just to discover that Comet is making low-brows comedies, the kind of comedy people use to inject themselves with Seltzer, and inappropriate policemen running to rescue each other. Of course, Comet is meant to be the start of Mack Sennett's Keystone, but the true nature of satire becomes clear throughout the story. As Peggy Pepper steps up in the film star hierarchy, she leaves Comet for the more prestigious High Art Studio and takes the name "Patricia Peppoire" as her new stop in life as a serious actress. At some point, it may occur to us (as the spectators certainly did in 1928) that Davies' rival Gloria Swanson began with keystone comedies before becoming prominent in serious drama for Cecil B. DeMille. And as Miss Peppoire takes herself more seriously and gives former colleagues such as the cute comic book Billy Boone the high-hat treatment, Davies' performance takes on a nasty parody that seems to be aimed directly at Swanson. This is particularly noteworthy during an interview sequence when Miss Peppoire's spokesman spits out presumptuous nonsense as the star sets Swanson on the scene. I suppose this was meant to be a friendly parody, but I have to wonder how friendly the relationship between Gloria and Marion was after this movie was released. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious treat. who will enjoy the whole parade of star cameos? Charlie Chaplin adds a nice make-up without make-up and looks striking after Patricia Peppoire's autograph! (And on a show of good sports, Marion Davies herself brings along a mocking cameo by making the score fun for Swansons by making fun of herself.) This is a silent movie, the viewer does not care Silence tuned, appreciate. At least the spectators, who have a preference for films about the film business. SHOW PEOPLE is certainly one of the classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, which are among the best-produced, most amusing exercises in Hollywood amused self-examination.
