As a child, I always hated having to sit through musicals. I never understood why people would break into such a song, and I was far too young to appreciate the art (choreography, stage design, costumes, pacemakers) behind all this. Carol Reed's "Oliver!" This was a musical that I remember strangely as a child, probably because it is one of the darker ones and is appropriately wet in the spirit of Dickensian misery. This is a musical about the ghetto life in Victorian London, and while the scenery and scenery are austere, dark, and faithful to this way of life, it is downright bizarre for people who break into such ridiculous songs in the midst of their misery. On a recent visit, my first since childhood, I have some new thoughts and insights about why this musical looks so bizarre and why most people just do not do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it's because they recognize their own strangeness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark", as tragic and operatic and rich as it was, appeared as a musical because the musical figures were the result of the protagonist's imagination, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Even the very cynical and enjoyable "Chicago" worked on a similar level because the musical numbers were the products of a murderous singer / dancer. Musicals do not work if they take their own musical nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or are simply too much fluff (ie something senseless like "Mary Poppins"). When watching "Oliver!" I saw it for the first time as an adult in a new light. Mostly told from the point of view of young Oliver, I saw the musical numbers as a product of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of the ghetto life around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy got everyone in the tavern to sign up and dance over the joys of drunkenness (as cover to help poor Oliver escape from the clutches of the evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably catchy and sounded like a real pub song that drunks could start to sing a piano. There are other great and classical sounds to be heard here, and the direction and playing behavior of the clues to the dancing extras are first rate. <br /> <br /> Despite all its desolation (though it makes a happy impression) at least for Oliver an end, although things certainly did not end happily for Nancy, and if one does not have the impression that living on the street a philistine, does not make it a good graduation for Fagin or the Dodger, despite I would not really classify that as a family movie, though I do not think it can hurt when I show it to kids over seven or eight years old. This is a hard story about an unhappy orphan trying to survive in the street and find some luck. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this topic, perhaps a revisionist approach, in which people on the streets of Compton break into happy songs about their terrible lives. I'd like a hard-edged hip-hop version of "Oliver!" See. I always thought that Dickens would translate well in this regard. As it looks, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the big musicals and maybe the strangest G-movie I've ever seen.
