The great cinematic musicals were created between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year-old spell can rightly be called the "golden era" of the genre. Before that there were musicals, and there have been musicals ever since, but the true classics always seem to have been made during that time. Singin 'in the Rain, an American in Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I and many more are just as popular products of the time. The last great musical of the "Golden Era" may be Carol Reed's "Oliver" from 1968. This dynamic musical is freely adapted to Dickens's novel and is a film version of a successful stage production. It's a great movie, winner of six Oscars, including the Best Picture Award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives miserably in a workhouse, his mother died shortly after his birth. After an incident after a meal, he is booted from the workhouse and ends up in a funeral home. But Oliver does not get into his new job and escapes after a few difficult days. He makes the long trip to London, where he hopes to seek his fortune. Oliver is brought under the wing of a child thief named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an older crook responsible for a gang of kidnappers. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family." He also makes the acquaintance of Nancy (Shani Wallis), the girlfriend of the cruelest and most dreaded thief of all, the menacing Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true origins and realizes that he actually comes from a rich and affluent background. However, his chances of being reunited with his real family are jeopardized when Bill Sikes forcibly exploits Oliver, making him an accomplice in particularly risky and ambitious robbery for the Eye, and excelling in his talented cast. With much vigor, Moody replaces his stage role and steals the film from the young people with his energetic performance as Fagin. Lester and Deer also fare well as young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically elaborates on the Nancy role and creates Reed as Sike's real abomination. The musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and spectacle. The Oscar-winning choreography of Onna White makes the song-and-dance sets an unforgettable experience, but also the lively interpreters and skilful management of Carol Reed play a role. Memorable tunes include "Food Glorious Food," "Think Yourself," "You Need to Pick One or Two Bags," "I'd Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all incredibly catchy songs that convey are about very well assembled sequences. The film is an extremely entertaining experience and never loses momentum throughout its 153-minute duration. Sit back and enjoy it!
