OLIVER TWIST was said to be controversial and successful after the publication of Dickens in 1837. His picture of life in the urban ghettos was shocking and new, and he made criminals one of the central characters of the novel. One day he went to London and passed a young woman he was friends with. He said hello, but she was pretty stiff with him. He could not understand that. A few days later they met again and he asked what he had done to annoy her. "Well, if you must know, I did not like your last novel." She said. "Really, everyone else is holding it up." He was confused: "What's wrong with that?" "Oh, Charles," she said. "I'm a Jew, how could you invent a character like Fagin ?!" He did not expect this: "Well ... you know that Ikey Solomon, the thieving coach, was in court last year, he's a model for Fagin and he was a Jew." <br /> <br /> Dickens found out that things were not settled. "Yes," she answered, "he got what he deserved, but Charles, they did not call him" Salomon the Jew, "as you call Fagin" the Jew. "In addition, Solomon did not plan a murder, Fagin does . " Dickens had to admit that he might get carried away. He wondered what she had said. Oliver Twist has been published in several editions. Dickens tried to improve something for Fagin. Then he had an idea. He reworked the chapter "Fagin's Last Night Alive" and showed the fears of the man as he got stuck. He also added some additional details. <br /> <br /> He let his girlfriend know of his decision to change Fagin. About a day later, he met her at a friend's house. She looked at him as if he were crazy. "Did not you like the change?" He asked. "Charles, what's up - he's still a common rogue named 'the Jew!'" She replied. "Yes, I have kept her, but you have not seen how frightened he was on death row in prison." The young woman had noticed this, but he felt so mean that he deserved to suffer such fears. "Ah ... then I was right ... and did you see the little details I added?" He asked. "What details?" She answered. "When you see Fagin for the first time, he cooks himself for dinner ... you read that?" Dickens looked at her expectantly. Instead, the lady looked confused. "I read that he was by the fireplace, but I must have flown over the passage." Dickens smiled as if he were brilliant. "He cooks a pork sausage for his dinner." "What?" She called. "He's eating pork, honey ... you see - he's not a good Jew!" His friend looked at him, shook his head and left his friend's house to his dismay. She did not talk to him for years. Dickens never completely shook off his own bigotry, but the situation in his latest novel led to a partial attempt at reparation. In OUR MUTUAL FRIEND (1865), he has a subordinate role, Mr Riah, who is being used by a ruthless landlord to raise high rents from poor tenants. The landlord assumes that Mr. Riah is being charged because he is a Jew. <br /> <br /> But Mr. Riah is a good man. He is a very good man. He is a very, very, very good man - so good that he is incredible. If Fagin saw Mr. Riah in action, he would probably chase him away with a stick. <br /> <br /> The antisemitic image of Fagin has remained until today. It is a measure of Dickens' genius as a writer that the novel overcomes it. However, when presenting the story in the film, it still causes problems for scriptwriters and directors: How to perform a film adaptation of a worthy novel after the Holocaust without igniting the bigotry? David Lean showed how Alec Guiness was shown in one or two scenes that show a human side and end up with true dignity to a mob in the end. Sir Carol Reed has made it even better in his musical version of the novel because he had rewritten the original of the musical. OLIVER was made a West End musical hit in the mid-1960s, then brought to Broadway, where it was again a hit. With a wonderful review by Lionel Bart, including "Food Glorious Food," "I'm reviewing the situation," "Consider yourself," "Boy for Sale," "Who's going to buy," "As long as he needs me." his success. Reed was good at casting his roles, including his nephew Oliver Reed as Sykes, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wild as Dodger, Shani Wallis as Nancy, and Harry Secombe as Mr. Bumble. In Hollywood, there had been no major musical successes for a decade - the last musical that won the Best Picture Oscar was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won it in 1968. <br /> <br /> And Fagin - how to be with the Eternal bypasses cartoon problem? Well, in the musical, Fagin is not arrested for murder, tried and executed. After all, even Lean showed that Fagin was trying to control his Confederation in his actions. But here Fagin realizes that he is getting too old to rely on such a chic life. Although he loses his treasures (the stolen objects he kept because he knew their value and admired their beauty), he decides that he can reform. He is allowed to, accompanied by his faithful acolyte, the Artful Dodger. I do not think Dickens appreciated the change (maybe his girlfriend would have done that), but a modern public certainly accepts it as fitting.
