Almost too good ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was entertaining, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment on a budget small enough not to be overrun by special effects. And obviously aiming for the "From Dusk Till Dawn" sound. "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same, starting with a rock star Jon Bon Jovi, who plays one of the main characters, but that's almost too good ...: I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie, so I can His acting in "Vampires: Los Muertos" did not compare with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the movie started, he did not persuade me to grab some guitar and play it 'my life' or anything, but kill vampires, show no mercy, and do a job that needs doing. That means a lot because part of the audience (myself too) probably thought, "... just because he's a rock star ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest, it could have been a lot worse, and in my opinion Bon Jovi did a very good job. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the leather-clad killer machine of a vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductively and very sexy, moves as lithe as a cat, attacks as fast as a snake and wears a thin, slightly transparent, very erotic cloth. And even the optical effects that support their movement are very good. It really needs something to beat. But the director is in some parts of the movie just busy making the movie from an action-horror movie to a sensitive horror movie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's temptation to make a movie with a very personal touch that is different from the original. This is the real strength of the film and at the same time the weakest point: The audience, who celebrates the fun-blood of the first film, probably expects the second time a pure fun-blood and may be a little disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun carnage, but it's just not all that kind of movie. Just think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene where the vampire is trying to seduce Zoey in the ruins: the baracking awaits you from American popcorn entertainment, the seductive Zoey-in-the-head Ruins scene is almost like a European cinema (the movie would like to talk more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but at the same time rejects the answers because he slowed down the action?) Showing the audience a vampire with a human past a now-suffering creature and not just an animal slaughtering someone). And that's for me the point that decides whether the film is accepted by the audience of the original film or not. And also: Will the "From Dusk Till Dawn" -member really like that? IM not sure. Still, Tommy Lee Wallace has done a great job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think that directing a popcorn movie Wallace is sometimes almost too creative and too expressive. As if he keeps himself from developing his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, the talent of Wallace fills the movie with life and sometimes sucks it out at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
