In the first three films of Frank Sinatra he was a pure specialty: he seems to play himself and shows himself only during a nightclub in a foreign film. In his fourth film, Hunter and Higher, Young Blue Eyes transforms into an acting career by playing a real role ... a task that has been made easier because he plays himself in a fictional story, in he has the chance to sing a few numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is pretty funny. Michele Morgan hears a knock on the door and asks who is there. From the outside, a Hoboken voice answers "Frank Sinatra". Sure enough ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits of 'Higher and Higher' may confuse some viewers as the names of songwriters Rodgers and Hart are prominently displayed. In fact, they've contributed just one song to this musical: "Disgustingly Rich," which this cast can throw off as a kind of intro to a completely different song, "I'm a Debutant." Interestingly, this Rodgers & Hart song - one of their weakest - is perhaps the least enjoyable song in this movie. some others are lively up-tempo numbers, especially "It's a most important thing", "When it comes to love, you're alone" and "I saw you first". <br /> <br /> Sinatra's good In this movie he would work better elsewhere (and sing better material). The real benefits of "Higher and Higher" are the sexy twists of some artists who rarely make films. Paul and Grace Hartman were a hugely popular husband-wife dance team that had starred in several Broadway revues: truly graceful ballroom dancers who put a lot of physical comedy into their dance material. (This is where Grace makes a big kick, knocking a shoe out of Paul's shoes.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, has done almost no film work, so it's a great pleasure that this film made us one Rare chance to see your close-up to hear her beautiful singing voice and see how sexy she looks in her maid's uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor and occasionally danced solo. (Or next to Ken Berry in a memorable episode of 'Mayberry RFD'.) <br /> Also in a girls uniform here in 'Higher and Higher' is the lively teen singer Marcy McGuire quite attractive. Why did not this talented girl make more films? Maybe she was a bit too similar to Betty Hutton. I like Hutton's performances, but I like Marcy McGuire even better. At the end of 'Higher and Higher', there's an amusing business with McGuire and Mary Wickes as waitresses who take turns moving from table to table in a nightclub. The alternating steps of the short McGuire and the big, gawky Wickes are weird! Although Leon Errol plays a big role in "Higher and Higher", unfortunately, there is almost no comedy: He does not even make his famous dance with rubber legs. Jack Haley is also wasted despite his prominent payroll. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, who inevitably remembers Sam from 'Casablanca'. In this film, Wilson sang his own song, but faked his keyboard game "As Time Goes By". (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano.) Here in "Higher and Higher," he sings pleasantly and gives the other players amusing reactions. Less pleasing is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare film performance here that skilfully handles his dialogue but never plays the keyboard comedy he later successfully completed in his stage shows. <br /> <br /> The story? Forget it. "Higher and Higher" is nobody's idea of ​​a "great" musical, but it's an enjoyable experience, and I rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who has worked both in the UK and in Hollywood, deserves to be much better known.
