Higher and Higher was one of Rodgers & Hart's smaller Broadway musicals, which performed only a series of 84 Broadway shows in 1940. Still, it produced one of their bigger hits that had never hit my head. Even so, a Minor song, so disgustingly rich, scrapped the entire Broadway score when RKO acquired the film rights. Instead, a whole new score was written by Jimmy McHugh and Harold Adamson, mainly for a Francis Albert Sinatra, who was just making his feature film debut. Sinatra, who previously played vocal cameos in some films, takes a page from his singing rival Bing Crosby's side. When Bing made his feature film debut in The Big Broadcast, he played Bing Crosby. Frank Sinatra took on the role of Frank Sinatra and I can not imagine anyone who could have done a better job. <br /> <br /> The CEO is in third place behind the stars Jack Haley and Michele Morgan. He is the butler and she is the laundromat of Leon Errol. In fact, Errol is a millionaire who has not paid his help for seven months. Mainly because he is about to turn up in Chapter 11, so he informs the staff. Errol is a delightful old soul he can work for and none of the staff wants to lose something good. They pool their resources and persuade Michele Morgan to impersonate Errol's daughter, who is in Switzerland with her mother. The idea was to bring a rich bankroll in the hope of saving family fortune. Only Michele looks at another. <br /> <br /> It's an easy action and certainly not worse than a whole lot of musicals, but RKO has provided this movie with a good cast of players. Barbara Hale and Elizabeth Risdon play another debutante and her mother, who suspects that something is wrong, Victor Borge is a fortune that seeks no report. Dooley Wilson, Paul Hartman, Grace Hartman, Marcy McGuire, Mel Torme and Mary Wickes are playing other members of the Errol Household staff. Not a bad group. <br /> <br /> Sinatra sang three good ballads that all had commercial success: The Music Stopped, a nice way to spend an evening, and I could not sleep winking last night. The last one was nominated for an Oscar for the best song, but lost to Alice Faye's "Never Never Know". <br /> <br /> 1943 was the year of the music strike against the record industry. Frank Sinatra recorded the songs of Higher and Higher with an Acapella Chorus for Columbia. Bing Crosby also recorded songs from Dixie for Decca. Both were denounced as strikebreakers by union president James C. Petrillo and both did not cross the picket line. The strike was not fully settled until 1944, although Decca had previously split from the other record companies and settled earlier than Columbia, RCA Victor and the others. The strike gave Sinatra some worrying moments. He had just left the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra when the strike was called. It was a necessary place for his artistry when he did not know whether to leave Dorsey would turn out to be a proper career move. Fortunately, Higher and Higher was well received, a legend was launched.
