I imagine Victorian literature sinking slowly into the swamp of the ever-distant past and pulled down by the weight of the petticoats. Television comes together: in its best form, it has a redemptive power, and with dramatizations like those the BBC produces so finely, Victorian literature gets a new lease on life. The religious themes, the moral undertones, may become increasingly unpleasant in a world that is no longer easily shocking and may be familiar with living together, affairs and domestic violence. But these old, well-told stories have lasting power, and this is one of the hidden jewels. <br /> <br /> Today it's hard to tell how powerful, feminist and extraordinary the masterpiece of Ann Bronte is, "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" was actually. Emerging from the primordial mud of restrictive corsets? physically, mentally, socially? Her heroine Helen Huntingdon escapes a miserable marriage, escapes brutality and alcoholism and defies not only the anger of her abusive husband, but also the intolerance and malicious gossip of society to bring about changes in her life. She pays a price. but retains her self-esteem; she falls in love on the way; she appears defeated, but victorious and strong. I love seeing women like this on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are great? The best Britons have to offer. The love story is handled beautifully, with real passion and the feeling of well-coordinated actors. Tara Fitzgerald inhabits every aspect of the intricate heroine, and as other reviewers have said, a no less discriminating and beautiful face can survive this fossilized hairstyle. Toby Stephens, who strips off sparks, adds just the right combination of headstrong, handsome youth and passionate, yearning vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors) is a charismatic villain (so much you end up almost with him, no one is perfect). The supportive colleagues create a world in which you sink, without giving you the impression that the modern taste has made rough compromises and that you do not feel preached. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: So romantic literature should be dramatized.
