Spoiler ..... <br /> <br /> I saw the original on TV some time ago and remembered this production as less gripping than most Beeb costumes. I went to DVD this week and still have the same impression. At first it's a good story, but it weakens as the heroine becomes so terribly brave and noble and returns to her totally mean husband when he's ill and I'm completely irritated by her sanctity. I suppose this was the "right thing" when the story was written and scared, and it was difficult for a woman to be independent of her husband, as marriage no longer made her, let alone do it She continues scandalously with a lover, as I believe many modern viewers would have liked to see it. However, these days, it is difficult to endure honesty, especially if this heroine had a strong, courageous admirer willing to defend her against everyone. So the story as in the movie, I'm not unique. It's well done after the novel, but a bit irritating in terms of today's life. <br /> <br /> Steadfast hero Gilbert was certainly a saint who would accept the variable and often cryptic behavior of his ladylove so consistently supportive. So it was a pity that Helen was finally free to be with him. The script did not allow him more than a minute to meet briefly before the title came. That was completely ridiculous, as we had been waiting all the time for the undeserved husband, for a decent conversation and a good hug between hero and heroine. Instead, the end was as if the filmmakers were running out of time or finances or simply could not be disturbed. "Here you are - one minute, do what you can and then cut it off as the director wants to go home now ..." I was completely dissatisfied. <br /> <br /> However, very high praise to the acting of Toby Stephens a perfect and very good looking hero, and Rupert Graves an extremely obnoxious and self-pitying villain. Tara Fitzgerald was satisfying in the script that so often forced her to be a depressing and rather righteous sacrifice to sight better than much of the "modern" drama on television today. So 7 stars, because despite the irritations it is still a good clock.
