"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly excite many genre fans simply because it's so factual and unscrupulous! It has many real shocking moments, many repulsive gore sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What it does not have is logic and a solid conspiracy, but to be honest, that did not bother me for a second. As the credits begin to roll, there are still many unanswered questions to think about, but director-writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seemed to prefer to focus on excitement and adrenaline rather than on long, drowsy sleep Speaking and theories could explain the existence of the "crawl" in the London Underground. The story revolves around the young and proud Kate, who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney, who is in town to present his new movie. She falls asleep in the subway, misses the last train and finds herself trapped in the subway network. Things get really scary when she comes across a crazy madman who lives in the old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment with. Even experienced homeless people, guards or sewer workers can not save them from this voracious monster! I really dug the creep character! He is disgusting, abominable and primitive, but strangely fascinating. Christopher Smith leaves only clues and hints, and the viewer just has to guess the origin and background of that vile creature. I think that's not very original, and I'm sure many people do not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and think it's better than using the "Jeepers Creepers" style ( The movie also started out great, but once the identity of the creeper became clear, it became a very mediocre horror.The obvious aspect of loving is the tremendous anger! In this movie, the movie is slaughtered hard, and both the make-up and the sound effects are The ominous attitude of the abandoned London subway during the night is effectively used, and there is also an acting talent in this film: Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returns to graphic horror nearly five years after the cool German movie "Anatomie" Creep is great entertainment when you're in a modest mood, and Christopher Smith is definitely a director I'll keep an eye on he, that you do not have to take the subway right after the movie ...
