Emory is a Cincinnati steelworker like his father before him, and during the twentieth century the two pillars of his family were the steelworks and the union. The mill, which once had 45,000 employees, has recently dropped to 5,000, and now 1, when the factory just closed its doors and left behind a single guard. At first, unemployed Emory and his buddies enjoy their independence, hanging around in the city and romping in their favorite bar, where they ruthlessly pull down "deep attacks." They believe the mill will reopen after listening to their unionist's optimistic play. However, reality is beginning to worsen as they sell their personal vehicles, which have to fight to put food on the table and prevent foreclosure of their homes. Emory's father - a dedicated union man - is confident that the plant will be reopened, recalling for his son all the short-lived closures during his 35-year mill operation. Meanwhile, some unemployed people are taking on humiliating jobs or jumping into their trucks and desperately looking for employment. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union confesses its helplessness, as Emory tells his stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will never reopen. Emory asks with tears, "What did I do wrong?" As a life of hard work and dedication to work, the union, church and family have left him with nothing and nowhere. He hits a low point when, in drunken rage, he abuses his young sons and knocks his wife to the ground. Emory threw himself out of his own home and nudged the plant manager's comments that he and his men had not worked hard enough to justify their substantial payroll. He recruits the steel workers who are still in town to do something that shows everything they are capable of. In the early morning, they break into the mill, heat the ovens, and work harder than ever before in their lives. They produce high-quality steel tubes in one shift to fill the loading ramps from wall to wall from top to bottom - something the manager thought was impossible. <br /> <br /> Having arrived at the suddenly reopened factory, the stupefied manager looks at the enormous performance that comes from a single day's work and found that such production makes the plant profitable again. The manager asks Emory, "Can you do this every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No," and the manager asks, "What did you want to prove then?" Emory explains that the workers' decades of hard work, honesty and dedication to their work were significant and that they showed how much they could produce in one day: "We only spit in your eyes." Emory weeps away from his wife and children as he sets out with his buddies to look for work in the South and promises to relocate the family when he finds them. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the plight of American workers displaced by foreign competition and provides a realistic overview of the costs they incur for the shortsightedness of concessions-demanding unions and greedy plant owners every penny they could, pulled out of their factories, but never returned by modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college boy's brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's sympathetic wife, and John Doucette as his dying father, all deliver outstanding performances in this beautiful image.
