Ah, McBain? The character's name is immortal and is ridiculed forever by "The Simpsons," but will it always ??? for me personally? remain the name and title of a hugely entertaining and outrageously violent action movie from the early '90s; Directed by the cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and two of the worst bass heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute little ponytail). I think "McBain" will by and large be considered a bad treat, because I can not convince anybody that this is an intellectual movie. The movie is unbelievably absurd (most action heroes take on a little gangster posse - McBain takes over a whole country) and still takes things too seriously. The script is an uninterrupted and incoherent spitfire of stereotypes, nonsense twists, compulsory sentimental interludes, grotesquely staged action sequences and absolutely implausible character drawings. It's a totally crazy movie. I loved it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW McBain's life is saved on the last day of the war by his compatriot Roberto Santos. They each hold half a dollar bill as a symbol that McBain is in Santo's debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is a spirited rebel who leads the revolution against the corrupt president of his native Colombia. Santo's first attempt to take power fails and is publicly executed on the balcony of El Presidente. His sister travels with the dollar bill to New York and asks McBain for financial support and manpower. McBain and his former Vietnamese buddies, who happen to be fed up with the injustice in this world, charter a miserable small plane and fly to Columbia to open a giant can of Whoop ace. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not fool ourselves here. The fact that you are reading a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that you are interested in low-budget B-movie actions. One of my colleagues spent some time creating a list containing all the important stupidities and insensitive moments of McBain. This list is absolutely accurate and I can only agree with it. Heck, I could even add some nastier sequences to this list (like the absurd and unnecessary heroic self-sacrifice of a soldier who does not even have an affinity with the mission's mission and the rest of McBain's crew), but what's the point? You definitely know that you can not expect a 100% coherent and plausible masterpiece. We know from the beginning that this will be a stupid and overly flamboyant movie, and it may even be the exact reason why we want to try it out! This is a very outrageous and exciting film about a bunch of Vietnamese friends who are becoming mercenaries and declare war on the corrupt Colombian president and national drug cartel. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular movie is based on the power of the macho leads, a lot of explosions and shootings and ?? last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
