When I heard about the title for the first time, I thought of 'The Simpsons', just like so many other critics, but when I saw the cast, I was completely amazed that so many great character actors were actually there! First of all we have Christopher Walken (Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction), who plays the title character McBain. He is rescued by some of his buddies from a Vietnamese POW camp. One of them is Santos (Chick Vennera, Yanks), who shares a HUNDRED DOLLAR BILL with McBain (apparently Vietnamese soldiers are loaded with cash) and says that if he ever gets into trouble, he can do him the favor. <br /> <br /> Then, 18 years later, Santos and his sister Christina (Maria Conchita Alonso, The Running Man, Predator 2) join the rebels In Colombia, they try their evil dictator El Presidente (Victor Argo, Taxi driver, King of New York), and when Santos fails the mission, Christina goes to McBain for help, asking his good old Vietnam buddies to help him. First, there's the hard-nosed Black Eastland, played by Steve James of "American Ninja," who was also a coincidence in James Glickenhaus's previous film, "The Exterminator," in which the real name of the Exterminator was Eastland as well? I do not think so. There are also many other references to The Exterminator, including the most notable that McBain himself wears a welder mask when Christina sees him for the first time, when he also works on a welding job a bridge! <br /> <br /> The other guys in the Vietnam Pack are: The rich guy who can afford all sorts of equipment for the team, Frank Bruce (Michael Ironside, Total Recall, Starship Troopers), and then the Doc , Dalton, (played by Jay Patterson, who does not look like the guy the IMDb connects to, and I have not seen him in other films, so who knows), and last but not least, there is the policeman Gill, who Having enough of his unsatisfactory job is played by Thomas G. Waites, remembered by some of The Warriors and The Thing. <br /> <br /> And in other big roles we find Luis Guzmán (Boogie Nights, Carlito's Way) as a small drug dealer who does not get decent work. There is also Dick Boccelli as a drug dealer, who is hung up on a roof by the McBain gang in a crane, much the same way he was hanged by John Eastland near a meat grinder EXTERMINATOR movie! I have not seen Glickenhaus' "Shakedown / Blue Jean Cop" yet, but I'm almost ready to put in half a hundred-dollar bill that Boccelli hung up in this movie as well! <br /> <br /> Well, back to the plot of this movie. They go to Colombia and save the day, yay! Anyway, who cares about the plot anyway, the cast is great and the action scenes are very well done and you will never get bored watching this movie! Highly recommended to all action lovers!
