First, an explanation: Despite my headline, I give this movie only 8 stars, because he is NOT one of the best films ever made a total of. All criticisms registered here have valid points. Also, be warned that if you find the joke in a real human joke, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's brilliance to enjoy the script. He has an unmistakable New York ear for dialogues - especially dry, Jewish and love-filled sarcasm - and if you have difficulty accepting sarcasm as an expression of love then you may have difficulty accepting the optimism in this film. <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here's my point: Walter Matthau is absolutely perfect in this movie. I have never seen him more funny or touching - because he also shows us the original humor of this character, who refuses to give up his self-esteem of a big star or his unbearable attitudes, even if his coherence wears off, he also shows us the more vulnerable, perhaps even heartbreaking Person in the nag. And it barely shows us that sad part - it's just enough to really reach you if you can deal with the mental deterioration of your own father or husband (I mention this as a warning), but artistically it's just enough pathos to this To give character the authentic deepest roots that I have possibly seen in any movie performance. This goes beyond Method Acting - Matthaus performance is exquisite as a character work and a pure pleasure as a comic book delivery. This is a masterpiece of comic drama. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I find his acting generally annoying, and his work in this film is no exception - though he has some nice moments here. ("Chicken is funny ..." is one of them.) So if you like him, you should like him here, and if you do not, this movie will not change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Academy Awards ... I agree that Matthau competed against Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest" this year. It was a killer year for the main character competition; If there were only separate Oscars for comedy and drama, the Best Actor Oscars would probably have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not because of Jack's fine work as McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were more clearly masterful and astonishingly effective and legendary in their performances than Nicholson this year. I also think that Burns got the Supporting Actor Oscar for sentimental reasons rather than for the quality of his performance - I mean, he was good in this movie, but not so good. (Burns's confident but unobtrusive vision returned to show the biz beat Brad Dourif's truly brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention Chris Sarandon's impressive debut in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which, in my opinion, means mine Theory proves.) Apart from the Oscar theories, here's my conclusion: If you like Matthaus's comic drama, then watch this movie and enjoy its driving tirades and wonderful, from Grandmother inspired gestures, fleeting facial expressions and seemingly unwritten pages. (But if you're dealing with the pain right now, seeing an old person lose his grip, then be warned that this movie could be either the comic relief you need or a dose of reality that too painful to watch.
