What Irving Thalberg did with this movie today will never be tried again. Make a Chinese story with Western players, even if they include Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Charley Grapewin and Walter Connolly. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's because the story was written by a Westerner. Pearl Buck, who received in 1932 for her novel a Pulitzer Prize. Ms. Buck, daughter of Chinese missionaries, probably brought China closer to the consciousness of America than any other person. Not the political struggles of China, but the life and work of the everyday people we find in The Good Earth. Unfortunately, Pearl Buck later became an apologist for Chiang Kai-Shek's Kuomintang China in all its virtues and excesses. The rest of her literary output never corresponded to the good earth. <br /> <br /> In The Sundowners there is a great description of the comparison of China with Australia by Peter Ustinov. When asked about the difference, Ustinov said that China is very large and very full, and that Australia is very large and very empty. That's what you see in The Good Earth, China is very big and full of people, more than it can handle sometimes. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth tells the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni) as a young man who buys a woman from a big house where she was a slave. The wife O-Lan (Luise Rainer) gives birth to two sons and sees him through all good and bad times, drought, hunger, revolution and a locust plague. Luise Rainer won the second of two consecutive Oscars for the presentation of O-Lan. She may have set a record, which is the Oscar performance of the leading player with the least amount of dialogue. Anything she does with facial expressions could have her performance on a silent movie with very subtle subtitles. I think only John Mills in Ryan's Daughter had fewer words and he played a mentally retarded man. Muni does not always appreciate how supportive she is in male-dominated culture. Rainer helps in the field, carries and raises the children, does the housework. When Muni becomes a man of fortune, he takes a second Chinese trophy wife, which causes him much grief. Rainer still wears everything stoically. Nevertheless, Muni is not a bad man and it is a tribute to the movie and its acting and the writing of Buck that you do not hate him and the culture gap is closed. <br /> <br /> We now have a group of oriental players who do more than just kung fu movies. I am surprised that the good earth of all films has not been redone at this point. I'll bet the Chinese government would even allow an American company to do so in an actual location.
