This movie was badly accepted and badly rated. The book by Rebecca West was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War. Back then, shock and trauma-induced amnesia were not clichés, as reviewers later call many books and movies. It's hard to go back to the past and live the way the characters lived, the realities of the times: the war and the horror of the first war experience of using lethal gas, the British class system that considered women important, the hopeless spinner and the lover of the past, still seen with the eyes of love, as young and beautiful as 20 years ago. Alan Bates as the Amnesian soldier who will "die" if he can not see Margaret, the girl of his youth dreams. He builds on the devotion his character has shown in "Far from the Madding Crowd." After this performance, it is possible to feel his strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not live up to the expectations of the family and society. Margaret says, "We quarreled, and when you rowed away, you turned your face away from me." So we know that the separation was something he instigated, that it brought him shame, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all of his films, but in the films I've seen, he conveys a strong masculinity that shows through even in this role as a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I have not even recognized Ann-Margaret first and feel that her performance has been undervalued. After reading the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of cross-border behavior between Jenny and Chris, even though Jenny claims that she is "a cousin." Just as Kitty keeps Jenny in the hair-drying scene in the nursery, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in this room seems more like a way for Kitty to keep the Coals of Anger hot than the orientation of the room to the sun or feeling about a lost child, and the statement she said that she wished Chris had not felt it necessary to preserve the space exactly as it was when the child was alive left her in memory the child seem indifferent. In addition, Jenny is shown that she lives in a subordinate role in the house, as the high society would have done to a fallen member. <br /> <br /> After having recently received the intense fantasy of a lover (50 years ago, I was able to relate to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband, and I too was turned down because I was not good enough for his family. When I rediscovered him over the Internet, I was burdened with the problem of helping him collaborate with his still frightening Vietnam experience and a marriage with a woman about him whom he did not believe he loved Margaret was very sympathetic, but the tension was very real, and the lover could finally reconcile his real situation with his fantasy of just loving me, thinking it was a good decision to show little of the revival of the war experience in Chris' Mind, I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the WWI soldier playing very violent memories and suicide against Chris' delight in his fantasy of M argaret commits. In contrast, the action of the soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems exaggerated. <br /> <br /> Showing that the psychiatrist understood very little of what happened to Chris highlights the big problem the whole group had. Everyone seems to get their life back, but was it the right choice?
