I just saw this exquisite movie from 1982, based on Rebecca West's novel. It is a forty-year-old captain who does not even tell his wife that he has returned on British soil, but stays in a London hospital. He has lost his memory and is again a boy with a persistent yen for the low class child he had persecuted 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He stays in his childhood as the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearable, up-and-coming celebrity who wants him to take his place in society again. Living with them is his cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry, the soldier, when they grew up as playmates, but settled down at the daycare. The minor woman, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is SHE who is notified that Chris is back in England. Chris' wife Kitty is shocked when Mrs. Gray tells her that Chris is in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why, she wonders, did that other woman send a telegraph to Chris and not about her? Chris completely forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. The now married Margaret hesitates to meet him, but then continues with him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris' passing luck with Margaret will disappear if he "heals" him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and forms a secret, loving alliance through Margaret. They are both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Later in the film, Kitty reveals that Chris and she had a boy who died five years ago. To tell Chris that weighs the shrink, will certainly bring him back to normal. But is that a good idea? Chris is barely aware that he and Kitty were ever married. He knows nothing of his child and his death. The psychiatrist who is just learning from the child believes that this knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris all to themselves because Kitty believes he fakes and refuses to accept Chris's illness by returning to his youth in his forties. The movie mostly disregards what's to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the perfectly groomed bedroom of the child - with Kitty in the novel, but not in the script - discuss What they should believe, should be undertaken from different perspectives against Chris. Margaret is the critical one here, because although she is married, she's half in love with Chris again. Jenny thinks that Jenny's social status is threatened when Chris struggles. However, she does not reveal this to Margaret. Looking to the future, Margaret decides that Chris can not sustain his fantasy over time but must return to something like a real life. While Kitty and Jenny watch from the window, Margaret goes to Chris and tells him about his lost son. The head of the floating war victim sinks, shoulders sink, he looks away. He goes down to the house in despair. Fin <br /> <br /> I have read some criticisms of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The movie never really knows who Jenny is, his cousin or his sister. Of course it would be more exciting if she was his sister. The criticism does not make it clear either. I'm sure West makes sure in her novel that Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is neither Henry Miller nor Anais Nin, whose book Inzest (on her relationship with her adult father for abusing her as a child), and I considered reading, then decided against it. Rebecca, the author, must also restore Chris. She also has outposts for the Society, which she first published as a narrator, hugging her again.
