"The Shop Around the Corner (1940)" is a pleasant romantic comedy that I will not love until the end of my days, but still a movie that deserves its reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had long taken Hollywood by storm, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" had become a shining trademark. This film was scheduled for release in 1939, but due to scheduling conflicts, James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production. Meanwhile, he directed Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka (1939)". After its final completion, "The Shop Around the Corner" seemed relatively indifferent. Despite the outstanding screenplay by Samson Raphaelson and the outstanding performance of his two main roles and Frank Morgan in a supporting role, no Oscar nominations were awarded. Time, however, has betrayed the film's massive and lasting influence, with high-profile remakes, including "In Good Old Summer Time (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)." <br /> <br /> At least one could assume that "The Shop Around the Corner" is the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing it. Lubitsch's film, however, runs much deeper. It is the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and the diverse human relationships that make the store such a close family. When shopkeeper Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) suspects that his oldest employee is having an affair with his wife, we experience the collapse of two families, at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why the story should not have been set in the United States? maybe in the stormy streets of New York? But Lubitsch deliberately restored the passions and memories of his earlier years in Europe, and the kindness of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every door. This subtle subtext gives the film a meaningful, personal touch. In fact, as I write this review, I begin to value the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both charming in their respective roles, but I think that this is the supporting cast make the movie Every character brings a distinctive personality into the mix and their interactions are always believable and enjoyable. I particularly liked how Lubitsch knowingly addressed many of our sympathies to Hugo Matuschek, who in no other film would have been limited to an underdeveloped two-dimensional representation. Matuschek may have lost the love of his family, but he recovers it in the affection of his employees, and you feel a heartwarming glow when he finds company in the bitterly cold chill of a Christmas storm in a freckled young escort. Boy (Charles Smith). This genuine cordiality towards a minor character seems to me to be similar to some of Billy Wilder's later creations, for example Boom Boom Jackson in "The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or Carlo Carlucci in "Avanti! (1972)." Of course it does not really have to be said but Billy Wilder has learned from the best.
