The shop around the corner is one of the sweetest and most comfortable romantic comedies ever made. It just can not be avoided, and it's hard to put into words the feel for this film. It's not one of those films that tries too hard, nor are there the oddest scenarios to bring the two protagonists together in the end. In fact, all its charm is innate, contained in the characters and the environment and the plot ... which is very believable. It's easy to believe that such a love story, as beautiful as any other, can * happen * to you ... a feeling you do not often get from other romantic comedies, no matter how cute and heartwarming they may be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the best first reviews when arriving at the business (Matuschek & Co.) where he has worked in the past Nine years to ask for a job. They bump into each other from the start, usually over a pack of cigarettes playing music when they open - he thinks that's a ridiculous idea; She makes a big sale of it and gets hired. Their quarrels lead them through the next six months, even though both (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they divide their souls and their spirits into letters passed through the mailbox. This would be a pretty slim storyline, based on an entire movie, except that THE SHOP AROUND THE ECKER is expertly equipped with a brilliant companion cast of intriguing characters, from the paternal but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself learns that his shop is really his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's buddy and friend, who always rushed out of the room when he had the opportunity to be asked for his honest opinion; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), who is ultimately saved by a splendidly righteous Kralik; and the ambitious errand boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy), who wants nothing more than to be promoted to clerk for Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between 'Dear Friends' will be played in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary, which will help Kralik's uncompromising dismissal and subsequent promotion to Shop Manager to the two future love birds. It's nice that everyone gets a story in this movie. The minor characters are well-developed, and Matuschek's own journey is almost as touching as the one Alfred and Clara have in common. His invitation to the new errand boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas dinner, made in the swirling, beautiful snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; We also take care of the characters whose love story the film has nothing to say. <br /> <br /> Apart from the love story, I have to say that James Stewart really is one of the best things in this movie. He does not play the full-fledged Jimmy Stewart personality in this movie (c / f 'Mr. Smith goes to Washington'). In fact, Alfred Kralik is prickly and abrupt and not very friendly. He is more of a brusque man, indeed with little hint (until perhaps the end) of the eerie boyish charm that Stewart would soon patent. When he finds out from Clara that they corresponded in secret, Kralik does not give in. He waits to see how far he can take the charade, especially since he (with his stormy relationship quickly realizes) with Clara as boss and subordinates), that the love of the person he knows through the exchanged letters, not with equate to the love of the person himself. His description of the fictitious Matthias Popkin (what a name!), Who was to become her fiancée, is extremely extreme for Clara, but also his way of proving that the letters do not show everything to a man, just as they do not reveal letters what she is there for. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face perfectly under control when Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as is often the case, even (and most of all) in his face. And yet, under the swarming and professionalism, he * could * reveal his identity with as much earnestness and sincerity and sheer * hope * as he eventually does. <br /> <br /> Also worth mentioning are the other members of the cast. Margaret Sullavan is less well off in the first half of the movie, but on Christmas Eve, she really shows in the closing scene, when she almost nearly broke her heart with Alfred's liveliest description of her mailbox treasure. Frank Morgan shows a great performance as the jealous Hugo Matuschek was driven to a nervous breakdown. The man who needs to rediscover his purpose in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to "grow old with him". And Felix Bressart plays the role of gentle, but loyal Pirovitch wonderfully (a Lubitsch regular, as he appears as a funny Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - especially noteworthy is the scene in which he brings the Christmas gift to his good friend Alfred. The latter really wants. .. a wallet instead of the ridiculous cigarette box, where Clara is hung so. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of this film - for example, the well-known and meticulous attention to detail in creating the Matuschek shop is worth the effort, except for the Hungarian name on the door Goods and the cash register and so on. Although Lubitsch has decided to make history in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: it could happen anywhere; That could happen to you. Therein lies the charm of this simple story, of these credible characters who are truly human. The snow on Christmas Eve is also real or at least as real as Lubitsch could do (he had snow machines brought along at great expense). This desire to make everything appear as real as possible helps make the story more believable and gives the entire film a dreamy realism that can not be replicated. (No, not even in a remake like YOU ARE MAILING.) <br /> <br /> * This is really the Christmas movie by Jimmy Stewart that people miss when they talk about IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE. In order not to compromise the merits of this other film, there would be no harm, and indeed a lot of good, if you see THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER for Christmas instead. It's cute, funny, charming and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all be so happy that the romance is portrayed in this movie. The best part about this movie is that we get away from the feeling that we could possibly.
