You can learn a lot about love and life by watching people in THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch had another quiet triumph with this beautiful film. With sparkling dialogues (courtesy of his longtime associate Samson Raphaelson) and wonderful performances of a cast of talented performers, he has created a truly memorable film. The director always believed he wanted to do justice to the intelligence of his audience and to favor the sophistication of the slapstick. He made a dazzling cinematic fare flavored with that elusive, enigmatic quality known as the "Lubitsch Touch." The story takes place in Budapest (and there's a jumble of accents among the players). The beautiful simplicity of the plot is that any great American city or small town could easily be the scene for the action. Jimmy Stewart & Margaret Sullavan are wonderful, as the employees who fall in love with the romance, and then with each other - without knowing it. Their dialogue - so clever that it seems absolutely natural - perfectly conveys their confusion and quiet desperation when looking for soulmates. Yours is one of the classic love stories of cinema. Cherubic Frank Morgan has a more serious role than the usual, that of a man whose momentary importance is shattered in his small world when he finds himself a cuckold. He is an accomplished scene killer and lets escape any emotions. In addition, Morgan gives the film its most joyful moments - just before the end - when he realizes that the youngest employee of his shop, an impoverished teenager, enjoys a memorable Christmas Eve. Joseph Schildkraut adds another graphic depiction to his list of screen shots, this time of a toadic, sykophantian Lothario, who deserves the punishment he eventually received. Gently Felix Bressart has his best film role as a family man who really can not afford to engage in shoplifting, and yet remains a loyal friend of Stewart. Sara Haden adorns the small role of a saleswoman. William Tracy is weird as an ambitious errand boy who uses unforeseen developments to lean on the sales force. In small roles, Charles Halton plays a no-nonsense detective and Edwin Maxwell appears as a pompous doctor. Filmmates will recognize Mary Carr & Mabel Colcord - both uncredited - in their only scene as Miss Sullavan's grandmother and aunt.
