This is full of big spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers compared to the two films that Louise Brooks did with GW Pabst, "Pandora Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl". "but in a sense," Prix "is the epitome of Brooks, where she has the chance to be charming without the dark sides of her Pabst collaboration, which means" Prix "means the Pabst movies are not music In French film, all of Louise Brooks' mystique is powerfully refined through a combination of image, song, and music, the Charleston being that which is most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance in Europe), but the The actress's essence is more pronounced in tango, and the tango also plays a plotting spot in "Prix." This is the music she danced with on her short career as Miss Europe, and later, her fame in favor of a worldly existence When the wife of the jealous husband Andre has given up, the longing for her abandoned fame becomes apparent when the same tango record is on her turntable, so fitting is the tango for Brooks, with whom he does the do Documentary about her life "Looking for Lulu", a film told by Shirley Maclaine. The bold and powerful quality of the tango embodies Louise Brooks' strong but elegant and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds an immense amount of pathos to what is not a great (but very good) movie. Incidentally, Brooks' voice was not dubbed by Edith Piaf for the film, as some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was discovered in 1935. The song, however, is what Brooks character Lucienne sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to cheer him up and express her deep affection for him. And to top it off, it's the song she sings for her screen test, which she looks at with the producers and managers who want to shape her career. It continues on the screen after husband Andre, who has followed her into the screening room, shoots her and kills her. In a single shot, with Lucinenne's dead body at the bottom of the screen, while the screen test continues upstairs with the song she once sang for Andre, the essence of what movies do is that other art forms do not perfectly mark. When Andre sees his dead body singing on the screen while the murder weapon is still smoking, he smiles subtly. It is now forever his and by our union. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, Louise Brooks career crashed after the "Prix de Beaute" and burned, so that it was also the death of her last major role. This film really seals Brooks mysticism more than the Pabst movies (which are undoubtedly better movies). It also shows what the films are that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of films - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than during their lifetime.
