A story of obsessive love that reaches its limits and a beautiful swan whose beauty is the ticket to her own untimely death. PRIX DE BEAUTE, who is at the beginning of a conversation, makes a thin line that is a full silent movie that is still in the heart and flirts with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit irritating for anyone who enters the movie because the recorded audio is extremely thin and does not help the movie at all. Listening to Sound Stage Conversations on the opening sequence, which takes place on a beach, for example, is part of the movie as the actress calls Louise Brooks' dialogue and robs the audience of a good performance. Otherwise, the movie runs more or less well with little jumps in continuity here and there - something quite common in movies from that time - and has the vaguely accelerated feel typical of Silents. In a way, this is an experiment of a film and closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in the visual presentation and in almost intimate close-ups that set him apart from a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks plays a less prominent role here than what she was known for: she is a shorthand writer who decides to take part in a beauty contest despite the furious opposition of her extremely stifling friend. Her role is quite thirty and contemporary for the time; The last of the Flapper / Jazz Baby roles were shown on screen, and now, as women's independence began, women were represented as professionals in the film. That Brook's character decides to leave her boyfriend (though later "reconciled" with him) is a bit ahead of her time. Her fatal mistake, however, is the willingness to believe what is not there - that her friend wants her to succeed - and that's why she ends up in the movies. This last sequence looks like something straight out of Hitchcock in his heightened tension (seen in THE MAN WHO WAS TOO MUCH) and cuts off Brooks, her image on screen and the murderous friend. Even more dramatic is the placement of the still-singing "live" Brooks with the now dead - a deterring effect for a deterrent, powerful movie.
