We've seen the silent version of this movie, and it's just shimmeringly beautiful. It's pretty hard to see how a sound version could have been made, since it's filmed with pure, silent technique and long wordless runs of the narration without a single subtitle - except for a few disturbing sequences in which Louise Brooks plays a French typist Quite visible in English ... The only part that obviously screams for sound is the final scene in which Brooks takes the hurry for her "for a talkies" test: footage that is constantly playing in the background while the action happening. Her mouth moves in a perpetual silent song. I was not surprised to learn that this passage was celebrated in the Talkie version alone as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of the opening scenes and the fairytale inevitability of the following, the film looks like a dream. As a 'Louise Brooks movie', I did not expect either from their Hollywood comedies or from GWPabst's German melodramas: I found the idiom more fluid and entertaining than both, and Brooks himself is another creature, a robust, laughing cub instead of a showcase Vamp or a manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this film more depth than it seems at first glance is the unexpected second half; Repelled by the rich parasites who cling to their beauty, the poor princess, with her humble birth of true love, returns to a tears touch ... and the story could most likely have ended there. Fairytale, however, turns into a tragedy. The diligent Grabovsky, who is confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he desires, is only too correct in his self-interested prognosis - the young lovers can not be happy - and, ironically, André was right to distrust the social influence of Beauty Contests: After the heady glory of her moment, Lucienne gets upset to despair of the routine of married life while her husband is blown away by the memory of the whole thing. If it were a simple case of a mismatched marriage, that would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" I remember from Murnau "Sunrise". In this case, the scenery and photographer scenes would be a distorted reflection of the happy reconciliation in "Sunrise". not a dream but an alienating nightmare. And the following morning brings not a wondrous reunion, but an empty bed and an abandoned home. Lucienne leaves a letter and says that she loves him and will always love him. Lucienne disappears again from Andrés life, in search of brightness and freedom; and this time she will never come back. Gossip columns confirm André's worst beliefs as he hears reports of his wife's whereabouts in reports linking her name to Grabovsky. When the young workers finally enters the lavish sanctuary of the presentation, it is with gezückter weapon - to be welcomed by the sight of his rival and caress a laughing Lucienne, the same woman who had promised her undying affection you left him. He kills them, but even if he kills, he will be banned by the vivid image on the screen, Lucienne, as he has never seen her in all her glory transformed. The two women are in an endless, powerful moment side by side, as André seen taken irresistible and is pulled away: The dying girl and her singing I that were projected still above, came from the time in a celluloide eternity and played with the Unconscious of life or death or love under her ... <br /> <br /> The main element of the film is the character of André's colleague Antonin, who appears to be serving no other role than being his licensed butt the malice of contemporaries. He's the ugly, can never get the girl, the clumsy wimp, which is tripped in the washrooms and at work and tortured, and he does everything with an uncertain smile in his fruitless hopes to take on social acceptance: a typical product of Bullying of the most gifted and popular, in other words, but the public is evidently invited to laugh with his tormentors. If it is not intended to show the protagonist is a dark side (which I no sign perceive), seems only to exist as comic relief, but as comic relief with a distinctly unpleasant edge of the character. If we only know him as awkward Peeping Tom on the waterfront, it's easy to laugh, though the other's revenge seems a bit over the top; If we find out that he is not a stalker for a stranger, but André's colleague and regular buddy, the ongoing attacks quickly stop being very funny. <br /> <br /> But it's the pictures that stay. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
