I'm a pretty big Mitchell Leisen fan so it was a big expectation that I rented this movie, but the pressure I got was extremely bad, so worn and burned that it seemed impossible to repair, the movie was so dark. So dark that you can not see anything in certain scenes that are cinematographed in the dark. That is, I think I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. It starts off unusually and does not summarize the lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood 30's movie. Do not damn your typical Hollywod movie from any era. It seems the director has been influenced by the Europeans because of the caustic realism inherent in the opening shot, which is compiled in Camera Movement and Placement as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray). They expect half of them to start singing Make believe from Show Boat. It starts with a few laughs and poor Anthony in a single role where he does not speak a word of English beaten by Freddie. Skids is a bum who does not care that he's a bum. That's why he logs on to the army, where he can hide from the world. He has just been released and in a series of scripture scenes she misses her boat for New York. This is the moment when the movie is in full swing and we start to get this French movie of the 60s mood for the whole thing. The scenes were played so well by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham that the film gets a pulse. MacMurray is also good when he and Lombard fall in love with each other while promoting his talent for the trumpet. Then the temptress arrives in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with action. The film has fantastic montage sequences that fascinated me. You are very good. And Lombard has a home run in this movie, but in the second half Freddie is called something more and he can not deliver the goods. With a highly melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe, the film fails, but because it's not the typical movie in structure, stage design and direction. It's worth a look. For what it was one of the 37 hits of the season 1936-37. I do not know what rank it has.
