I first came across this movie when I read a book about Mitchell Leisin's career (written in the 1970s). I have to admit that over the years I have seen many of his films and find his best work of really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW should be one of his best. It did not bother me, but it did not impress me as much as holding dusk, death takes a vacation, a kitten or even a golden ear. I suspect that there is just too much time to be well loved. <br /> <br /> Working at Paramount, Leisin had a problem in those movies he did and the musicals were. Most of the points he worked with were pretty mediocre. It's true that two standards appeared in his films, but they were rare: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT THE VANITIES and "Mona Lisa" came from CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. The rest of the score for MURDER AT THE VANITIES was memorable. "Mona Lisa" was the only tune in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not have been like this - Leisin's studio had Rogers and Hart work for it in the early 1930s. Why could not he be involved in a project with them? The rating for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is pleasant, but unforgettable. Unfortunately, the film focuses on the entertainment world, as Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talent as a trumpeter (he even works with Carole Lombard by putting his arms around her as he blows his trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how her lover's play thrills her is important to the plot. It works in the movie, but it would have been better if the song were more memorable. <br /> <br /> The film has a picaresque style - it starts on an ocean liner where Lombard works as a manicurist. She is constantly bullied by her boss Franklin Pangborn (the barber of the ship). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal and we see MacMurray as a soldier whose recruitment is about to end. Their first joint scene has a nice touch of leisin: MacMurray talks to Lombard, she on the deck of the boat and he at the edge of the lock wall. Nice way to keep the action going while the dialogue gets boring. <br /> <br /> The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpeter, but meets the "other woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments of the film are the collapse of the relationship with Lombard and his collapse as a jazz trumpeter (his demeanor and alcoholism are atypical for a MacMurray character - even his darker characters like Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or The Naval Officer Bringing Caine Mutiny to light did not show confidence in the alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good, like the woman MacMurray loved but committed by him, and Lamore really has little to do - maybe the movie had more Scenes It is conspicuous, but one is the attempt to get MacMurray back in the car, and Pangborn is fine in his opening episode Little-known actor Carl Judels is a fan of Fair Weather / MacMurray's friend He drops him while he goes down (though he gives him a handover). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is as insignificant as usual in this movie but he has a moment in which he sees his hands laying the keyboard of a piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend MacMurray, and Lombard share - his red-faced appearance rests on embarrassment over the lie that MacMurray insists it true is. It was a nice, subtle moment. If only his subtlety had been in his acting and not in his moments of diffused humor.
