Neil Simon's THE ODD COUPLE created a model for many of his later pieces. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the unfit paired roommates of the original, the first being fussy and tidy, the latter sluggish and laid back. Simon would rewrite the play with female flatmates in the 1990s as THE NEW ODD COUPLE (less successful). In THE GOODBYE GIRLS he made a mixed couple (a wife with her daughter and a husband). He made another turn in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit with Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the older, half-retired Vaudevillians. Here, the "apartment" problem is reduced to a team of two men who can not stand. In the film of 1976, Walter Matthau was seen as Willie and George Burns as Al. Al does not really believe bad about Willie - Willie is pathological about Al. At first, Al had few habits, such as accidentally spitting something, when he started words on the stage that begin with the letter "t" and lightly touch Willie's index finger. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was unwilling to retire (and forced his nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) to look for Jobs in commercials, but Willie can not remember the lines if they're not funny and she always does mix up again.) can stay until the end of a rehearsal for a commercial. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to bring the two together for a live scene of their most famous sketch on a television program about American Comedy Bring Al to see Willie, and the sparks start to fly as no one can figure out what the other one is doing (and this is just in the rehearsal.) Willie also insists on changes (smaller ones, but they reject Al) B. say "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door, the initial rehearsal is on Bust, but Ben manages to get them to record the show.The question is, will they finish the scene in the finished program or Will Willie Al's neck go down? <br /> <br /> The three main lines Matthau, Burns and Benjamin are very good at the single lines, f reminiscent of a vaudeville pattern (example: "chest pain ... I get chest pain, Uncle Willie." Every Thursday I come here and feel chest pains! "" Come on, Fridays ! ") Benjamin endeavors to express his deep affection In his uncle, although Matthau's rough hull makes it difficult (he only smoothes himself when he talks about glory.) Days of Variety) Matthau has a better understanding of the reality (first) than Burns, who by his repetition himself senil appears - but Matthew's sense of rejection by the world, which once applauded him, makes him less willing to behave properly. Burns is not senile - he is slowly taking things, but he seems to be much happier when he retires. <br /> <br /> I call this a definitive "journey of discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark. Al and Willie transcend their old skits as they begin to realize they have more in common with their age than they thought. Even the irritating Willie admits that Al (for him) is a pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. <br /> Burns was not the first choice for "Al Lewis" (see below) (Dale of Team Smith and Dale) Jack Benny It was probably Benny would have done a good job but health problems forced him (he died Burns (whose last role in a 1959 film was THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC as a narrator) proved so outstanding that he received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and was to earn a career in films over the next decade Films like OH GOD! Oh god, you devil, and go in style He died in 1996 at the age of 100 after proving that he was more than just a brilliant man to his wife Gracie Allan.
