We tend to forget that the master / slave context of the past centuries leads to more than well-kept estates driven by large groups of enslaved people, and a lot of money for the white owners. This resulted in a group of people trapped in the middle - the offspring that resulted in slave owners disturbing their slaves. Some of these children were just more slaves and others were free ... but free and colorful, which at that time meant anything but relative to the many of their fathers. <br /> <br /> A class formed around these descendants - the gens de couleur libre or free people of color - and this class, to a degree, could possess property from oppressed to educated people to elevate and gain a comparative dignity. That is, they were not slaves, but they were still exploited to some extent. Often the women lived as mistresses of the white plantation masters and men of wealth who were placed in their ranks own homes, with allowances, paid schooling for their children and a sort of gentility, depending on respectability, they wanted to impose on their families. Essentially, they prostituted themselves to ensure their own wealth and relative independence from work - an arrangement called plaque. The Feast of All Saints is a beautifully written story about the children of such a woman, the result of such an agreement with a local gentleman and the people who have touched their lives both negatively and positively. For me, a New Zealander, history was an eye-opener with no real idea of ​​the black-and-white lines, let alone the gray area in the middle, in which the gens de couleur libre moved cautiously. <br /> <br /> The figures are very three-dimensional and were well rendered in this adaptation of the novel by Anne Rice. The parts are well cast, the costumes are wonderful and the brutal lines. The blurred areas are made even more apparent by the conflicts that the protagonists are going through. The gens de couleur libre could not marry the whites, the slaves could not help themselves, and the whites, even the sympathetic ones, could not bear to face the economic reality of the people they depended on. <br /> I can wholeheartedly recommend this story, both the novel and the miniseries to everyone. If you can not cope with the truth, you will scramble and crouch through some parts as one injustice after another is struck by the color people, both from their white oppressors and from their own people. Remember, though, that this is no more than reality, and this story is a fascinating way to learn more. <br /> <br /> I know it might sound melancholy, but this miniseries kept me entertained as well as thrilled. I really liked the sourish taste I found in my mouth. Look at it. If you do not get used to the time, because it's a lesson to learn from.
