The main problem I see with this movie is its score, which screams with every note "This is a cheap movie". There is not much to say here. The score is just shit. <br /> <br /> The second problem, which I find quite serious, as well as the unfolding of the action at the end of the film (one of the cash shots, if you do that), is the dialogue between Martha (Adrienne Barbeau ) and the Sunflower Man (Richard Ziman), in which Martha has proved to be the leader of the experiment. During this dialogue, the viewer is always aware that he is listening to a movie dialogue. In other words, the abolition of unbelief breaks down here. The integrity of a credible dialogue between two people is being sacrificed to easily expel the information the filmmakers want to convey to viewers. The third problem was the casting of Adrienne Barbeau. Although I honestly believe that she is a fabulous actress in her work, I feel that this part has been too much. The main point of her performance, which did not seem to mix, was the spectrum through which the character moves through the film, from a loving mother of a troubled family to an almost rambo-like woman on a mission. Obviously, this aspect of the script would have been a stretch for any actor, so you can not blame Barbeau too much. To the extent that she behaved quite competently, I would call the film as a moderate problem. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie did a wonderful job in the first half of the year, especially during its horror flashes. I think the film would have benefited from a greater commitment to these flashes to prevent a tingling sensation in the second half of the film. <br /> <br /> So, what is my holistic grading piece? I would give him a good C + to B-, depending on how much credit you give the creators for producing this movie on a limited budget. Even with two serious and two medium problems, the film is based on the solid conspiracy of the Jungian side of Nazi mysticism. I see no problems with the development of the plot or the coherence. The dialogue is brilliant, with the exception mentioned above, especially the important Keystone scene between mother and daughter at the beginning of the film; As I said, the creep factor was well done, albeit a little bubbly in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who was also a producer, did a wonderful job. All in all, this movie is definitely worth the look - see it with a Nazi you love. :)
