I've seen "Miracles Still Happen" at least four times now. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. It has the interest of a person from the beginning. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes intense as we watch this young girl alone and scared in the Amazon after a plane crash where she was the only survivor trying to survive. The loss of her mother in this plane crash makes this film even more dramatic as we see the dangers that young girl suffered during her ten days in the Amazon. To think that this actually happened is simply unreal and to believe that someone could really survive is indescribable as we see the wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, the vast forests and wildlife, and countless insects. Later in the film, we see the many dangers this girl is exposed to as she tries to follow the river in the hope that it will lead to a city. Remembering what her father told her, how a stream will always lead to a river and then to an even bigger river, meaning that it will eventually lead to a community. This young girl follows the small river, which finally flows into a big river all in the whole movie. Sometimes she had to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared and hurt, and she always managed to keep going. Towards the end of the film, it was obvious that she could not continue, having not eaten for ten days and drinking only water and very sick and tired of her dangers. When she finally sees a canoe, she realizes that there must be a village, and men find her and they take care of her and take her to a hospital where her father comes to visit her after she fears that she is with many others are dead passengers. Such a dramatic film and so heartwarming to see her father's face when he sees his daughter is still living in the Amazon after all that time! Films like this are not doing much these days. I will still see it and I will never get tired! To think that this girl was the only survivor of this plane is simply inconceivable! Even more notable was the fact that she had only a few very minor injuries, while everyone else in the plane died in the terrible crash into the wilds of the Amazon. A brilliant movie that was indeed played excellently and that I will cherish forever and that likes to keep watching! I definitely recommend it!
