It was considered the "Swiss Answer to the Lord of the Rings", but it's much more than that. It's not an answer to anything, it's something new, something funny, and sometimes it's downright stupid and stupid - but it was Monty Python other than stupid? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately makes the statement that this is the case Film is cheap and not taken seriously. Carton clouds on strings hit the plane where the main character sits. But to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape does the trick. It is absolutely beautiful and stunning - who needs New Zealand, has everything to offer in Switzerland. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the movie was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that went into the movie. It is not brilliant; but it has some good humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, it would be enough to see the movie because of him! There are some good jokes, some of them are very lame, some of them are not understood by people outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​"Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to take "Pupsi", a telehobbie, on a journey. The scene in which Rackaroll, the sword fighting knight, decides to show himself with his sword - and then shattered into a wall - is also very funny. And there is a scene in which the "Nazgul-ish" marks make a wonderful comic scene with a toilet brush ... I did not agree with the idea that the ring of Schleimli, the "Gollum" sign, in is used to "seduce" the ladies. That was a bit far-fetched. The idea that Lord Sauraus wanted to cover the countries with fondue was also not so brilliant. Original, of course, but not brilliant. But most of all, I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, it really was not necessary. All in all, I recommend seeing the movie simply because it's so crazy and totally trashy. Do not expect a LotR parody like "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. But if you go to the movies and think that this will be an amusing evening with absolutely no ambitions, then you will enjoy it. I'm not sure if it works in other languages ​​because it lives on the Swiss dialects as well as the jokes and actors. All in all, the courage of the Swiss crew has cut off those who did!
