Sarafina was a fun movie and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very entertaining. Usually I do not like music stuff like this, but the singing was not as lame as it looked on the box. The film was useful to learn about history as it was an interesting perspective on the 1976 Soweto uprisings. He showed you things from the perspective of the students of the uprisings and showed you that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, you make them more like an audience and more sympathetic to them than the victims of the white government that you can not sympathize with. The singing of the students is correct because we know from reports that the disciples of the uproar sang and danced before it became violent. The clothes of the students in Sarafina are very similar to the clothes on Soweto pictures. They actually made the film in Soweto, which is why it looks very accurate in many parts. All these things make the movie more accurate for someone who uses it to learn more. As a spectator, we must be critical of the depiction of the history of apartheid. As I said earlier, you will be sympathetic to the students - this may make it less reliable and objective. In addition, some details are changed from other accounts. In Sarafina, it becomes a mess when the policeman comes to her class and shoots the students. Police and army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army shot students, but there is no evidence that they go to school and execute people like this. The fighting was more on the streets, plunder and crime. This is probably happening in the movie to apologize to the students. The film would have been more useful if he had other information about Aparthied. The teacher was arrested because he was against the government, and the mother works in a White House. However, there is no information about the government and why they did it, or details of racist policies and laws. - By George S, Chris and Finlay
