This movie reminds me of 42nd Street with Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. Looking at this movie, much reminded me of 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise, who is a spirited star, and in the end she falls and breaks her ankle, like Bebe Daniels on 42nd Street and another performer gets and becomes a star. This film, like most racing movies, keeps viewers in the eye for great entertainment. Racing movies always showed Black Entertainment, as it was really popular back then. The dance styles, the music, the dress styles, you will love it. This movie could be great if filmed in Hollywood. He would have a better backdrop, better filming and more money, which would make any movie better. But it's worth seeing because it's good and Micheaux is doing well with the little he has. I have to say from all Micheaux films, Swing is the best! The film shows singers, dancers, actresses and actors that were popular but have been forgotten today. Doli Armena, a fantastic female trumpeter, who can blow the horn so well that you think Gabriel is blowing a horn into the sky. Sexy, hot dancer Consuela Harris would shame Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Add more information ... The popular Blues singer of the 20s and 30s Cora Green is the focus of the film. She is Mandy, a good, hard-working woman with a nice husband who takes her money and gives it to other women. A curious neighbor, played by Amanda Randolph, tells Mandy what she has seen and heard, and Mandy walks down to the club and catches her husband with an attractive, curvy woman named Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, a hot-cha entertainer) the 30s). and a fight breaks out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she meets with a somewhat protective Lena, who is played by one of the most beautiful women in the films Dorothy Van Engle. Lena gives Mandy a home, a job and helps her become a star when Cora Smith (played by Hazel, she plays two roles or maybe she has changed her stage name) tries to ruin the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is fit for the job and Lena is right and a star was born in Mandy. The big, long, lanky, but pretty Carman Newsome is the cool aspiring producer Lena is also looking for. Pretty boy Larry Seymour is playing the bad guy, but after Lena threatens him, he may contract. There are a few highlights, but the one that catches my eye is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) tramples too late for the rehearsal and goes for everyone, and then her husband comes and hits her in the jaw, but that is not enough. She would almost argue with Mandy again. In between there is great entertainment from choral girls, tap dancers, shake dancers, swing music and blues vocals. There are even whites watching the conversation. I wonder where Micheaux found her. There is even a scene where black and white are sitting together in the club. Micheaux often incorporated black and white into his films. He should be recommended for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first racing movie I really enjoyed. He helped me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This movie is one of the best in the racing film genre, it's a story behind the scenes about the ups and downs of show business. <br /> <br /> No, these early racing films may not be the best, can not compare to Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or other Hollywood movies, but they're great to watch as their early signs of black filmmaking and these movies provide a glimpse into black life and black talking through the eyes of a black person. These films gave black people the chance to play from all walks of life, to be beautiful, stylish, and elegant, not just stereotypes, or whiteness for black, like in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these racing films were not the best, but they were the only ones who could afford them. Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters and Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and more of the bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white racing filmmakers used nightclub performers in their films were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most were not good actors and actresses, but they were used as an experiment rather than for true talent, they just wanted their stories In return, many black actors could show their true talents in the movies. For some true actors / actresses, racing films were the only kind of films they could bring to work, especially if they did not want to play Hollywood clichés. I think you will be able to find the true actors / actresses of nightclub artists. These racing movies are very historical, they could have been lost forever, many are lost, maybe racing movies are not the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies were not great at first. I think if the racing genre continues, it could have been better. If you're looking for great acting, most racing movies are not, but if you're looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should be portrayed in movies, watch racing movies. There are some entertaining racing movies with a good drama, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sundays Sunders, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, that not only offers good entertainment, but also good acting.
