It takes a while for us to get used to Nick Nolte's Nebraskan positions before we accept him as a famous intercontinental playwright. As soon as you pass the bar, it becomes a fascinating story of a man who loses everything while trying to do good. The American Nolte moves to Germany, marries a famous actress and is a satisfied success in every way, until the war is about to erupt. John Goodman, a jovial American, visits him and persuades him to accept a post as an anti-Semitic radio station for the Nazis. Nolte has no politics, but he thinks it's a challenge to write an almost impossible role and then play it yourself. Another American secret agent will be modifying Nolte's radio scripts - inserting a cough here, sneezing there - to serve as a code for passing information to the Allies. There is a catch though. Nobody will know about Nolte's real role as an American agent other than Goodman, Donovan and Roosevelt himself. If he was ever discovered, the Americans will deny him recognition. <br /> <br /> Nolte rushes ahead and his vicious shipments are very popular in Germany. His beloved wife Sheryl Lee does not know what's going on and does not care. Nolte and Lee live in what he repeatedly calls the "nation of two." The war ends and the difficulties begin. He is captured by Americans who are bitter because of his betrayal. They hit him and leave him in the mud. He was rescued by Goodman, his "fairy godmother," who sent him to an anonymous existence in Greenwich Village and occasionally sent him some cash. By 1960, he manages to cultivate a friendship with him neighbor, the painter Alan Arkin, who has also lost his family and claims that the two now belong to a secret brotherhood. But his location and his identity somehow smell and he is more or less taken over by a group of old Aryan racists - led by a dentist and a priest. His house front and mailbox are painted with swastikas and accusations. He was senselessly beaten by an ex-GI. But miraculously, his beloved wife is returned to him by the ancient Aryans. Another catch: Later it turns out that it is not his wife, but her younger sister, who loves him since puberty. <br /> <br /> In the end, he must type in his memoirs in an Israeli jail in 1967 before his trial crimes against humanity. It is not a happy ending. <br /> <br /> Nolte can talk to the cell inmate about him in prison, but can not see it. It is Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann seems to be comfortable. He advises Nolte that it is a bad habit to write for fifteen hours. "It's important to relax, you need to learn to relax." Nolte laughs loudly and shouts, "That's how I am here." The film is filled with such irony. At one point in her relaxed conversation, Arkin tells him, "Despite everything, I still think people are good in their hearts." I do not know if the movie was a commercial success, but if not, it would have torpedoed it for a younger crowd of theatergoers who might never have heard of Anne Frank, let alone the alleged final statement in her journal. <br /> <br /> The fact is that this is a movie for adults and patient adults. History is moving slowly, there is little violence, no chases and no shootings, and people do not seem to be subject to any manic language pressure. Much of it is likely to bypass audiences who are not open to their conscious approach. Nolte describes the wartime between him and his wife as a "nation of two". This is a pretty compact phrase. No doubt anyone can come up with a straightforward definition, but it takes some concentration to capture the emotional meaning. It is the story of a man who loses everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his self-esteem. At some point he stops walking in a crowded New York street, and just stands there until dark, when he is carried away by a curious police officer. The reason why he stopped is that he simply has no place. What Vonnegut describes is much more than depression. I do not want to sound condescending, but that kind of feeling is hard to understand in your youth. Teenagers might want to think that they know what Nolte holds in this one place, but it does require maturity and an accelerated sense of finiteness that can only bring maturity. <br /> <br /> Remember Robert Frost's line where home is the place if you go there, they need to take you? No place will take up Nolte.
