I have not yet read the mother night of Kurt Vonnegut (though I have read other books from him, all the outstanding pieces of satire and groundbreaking novels). After seeing Keith Gordon's film adaptation of his book, it will have to be read immediately in the near future. I'm sure if the material was not produced as a film in 1995/96, it would be picked up right now in the time when many films are quite popular after the Holocaust / World War II. As well as being much darker, though, there is even more resonance about the nature of the roles and the real horror of living life after the war, as The Reader said. It's about the very real danger of pretending to be in war, and that's why it's really about espionage in World War II. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a script with much emotional depth Complexity over the moral decision and the permanent role - even after the war - for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), which also Case is. But it is also only a really strong performance of the film technology. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually think of as a director of really strong stuff (more, so I think of him as an actor, oddly enough, with Vonnegut even in Back to School), but this is a revelation. He takes the story of Campbell as a story of a broken life: a German propaganda master (the "only American left in Berlin)," who is actually a spy for the Americans but never reveals his identity and one A playwright who really belonged to "a nation of two," himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He follows from his prison cell, which is awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, while writing his memoirs and reporting disillusionment that he is an "alleged" Nazi, and then in 1960 in a New York apartment in the he half hidden The main part of the movie is playing. <br /> <br /> Mother's Night can be quite heavy, like on a level one might associate with the pianist, but on a different emotional-cerebral level than the strict poetry of this film. Gordon tries to take a strong look over Vonnegut at a man who has nothing except the memory (and later a strange transposition) of his long lost love in a "sister" who has returned to him NYC, so he is left to himself when he befriends a painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then finds out, as a hidden Nazi, of a white supremacist newsletter that leads Wackos to his apartment. On the surface, this should only be a simple spy story, but nothing is straightforward. The "something" in this man's life is stunning, but ultimately chosen by himself. Campbell is one of those characters who could be parsed for hours, but perhaps the same conclusions are drawn (and in some ways reflect the line that Goebbels said): the bigger the lie, the more they believe. Apart from the few chosen ones who started the lie and know their secret and power. But oh, it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragicomic story, or another, if it did, there were some really fantastic gigs (which in fact is the case: Nolte is in top form here, and Sheryl Lee, the maybe we can remember Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer), stunned in several roles, especially in the scene where she reveals she is not really 'Helga'. It's also a wonderfully filmed movie, with brilliant lighting and shots that reflect the character's state of mind, or just the blatant or sickly colors of the time (look at the scene in which an old Campbell is filming his younger self lets grumble, the juxtaposition of faces is great). And the music selection increases the tragedy. It could be argued that some of the music is too much, but at other times it takes the material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions, turning it into an opera focused on human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always a simple movie to take emotionally, and some of the twists have the touch of "whoa" as in every spy story. But it is the subversion of Vonnegut that permeates, the manner of appearance and performance that imitates the art that imitates life to imitate death, and makes it something reminiscent. I have no idea if the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but right now it's hard for me not to recommend it to anyone looking for a masterpiece of narration after World War II.
