The American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played by Nick Nolte with a musty obsolescence) lives happily in Germany with his actress, Mrs. Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the beginning of World War II. At the height of his life Howard is drafted by an American agent (John Goodman) as a spy for the Allies. Howard warns about the risks the job entails, losing everything, but finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell camouflages himself with the anonymity of a lonely New York City life that further clouds his nerves. The central question (indeed a question that has frustrated many critics) of Kurt Vonnegut's film and source novel is, "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and scriptwriter Robert B. Weide offer clues, but no answer, and this ambiguity, which is NOT knowing, is what keeps "Mother Night" fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolte portrays Campbell as intelligent and confident; In the end, he is either anxious and insecure, or anxious and COMPLETELY certain that he has championed humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon lends a certain icy glow to the images of the first half of the film, which complement his portrait of the National Socialist bourgeoisie and capture Vonnegut's dramatic side. On the other hand, when Campbell is imprisoned in his lonely apartment in New York (which he affectionately calls "purgatory") only by a group of Nazis, the generated humor is also purely characteristic of the author, offering a temporary one Relief from the dramatic tension that unfolds. The moral (even spiritual) paradox "Mother Night" does not lend itself to a simple solution and should be ambiguous to a degree. The black-and-white scenes of Campbell tiredly looking into space while imprisoned Israel suggests an unspoken contemplation that we are not initiated into. Because Campbell is a character whose inner work we know very little about. The war changes him, the return to America changes him, and the meeting with the Nazis in New York forces him to extend the facade of his "act" even further, to the point where he only gets tired of a projected image of himself can stare at a wall spat anti-Semitic bile. Maybe that's the best reaction we could hope for.
