This magical moment in life, the point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing whirlwind that characterizes adulthood. , , That's what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (wonderfully played by Reese Witherspoon) is in the very moment in which the movie begins. She cheats on Elvis, plays his records and lovingly wishes to think about love. Maureen, her sister, is soon going to college, has no trouble attracting boys, is beautiful and seems to have figured out everything, even though she does not. She dates a local loser, whose father is also after her, and only wishes she could find a decent boy and be ripped off her feet. Danni wishes most young teenagers, she could be anybody other than herself, because most teenagers think that who they are is not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but does not see that she is beautiful herself. <br /> <br /> The moment adulthood enters her life is when she meets Court Foster for the first time. Court, whose father recently died, moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He has taken responsibility when he should have fun. On a particularly hot day, he goes to the pond and jumps in to find Danni, as he dips thin. They scream and argue and Danni leaves. However, they see each other a day later when Courts mother is invited to Danni's to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni is attracted by Court and Danni's Court. She is a tomboy and is spunky, has attitude and says what she has in mind. <br /> <br /> Court is 17 and Danni 14, and he knows, but they are getting closer and closer with the days at the pond between Court, which works the yard. When Courti kisses her one day, Danni is crazy. Danni's father asks her to invite Court into the house and he does it. but it is uncomfortable for Court on its "date". The silence, however, is broken by his meeting with Maureen, who has not yet seen a court. A look between the two and everything is over. The appearance of pain and defeat on Danni's face is both beautiful in her quality of life and painful. I will not tell the rest of the movie, but the movie has more to offer than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The size of the film lies in its portrayal of beautiful and painful moments of life and the relationship between two sisters whose love is shared both by a boy they love and the pain they both suffer also individually bear, is tested. Danni finally marks her entry into the world when she sees that the world is unfair, painful and perhaps even less hopeful than at the beginning of the film. Few films can capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of adulthood so perfectly. This film has been anchored in my head since my first sight. It's in my top 100 movie list and rightly so. I only wish that more films like this would be done, because if so. , , My belief in Hollywood would be much better.
