When I heard about the show for the first time, I heard a lot about it and got some good reviews. I saw the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale", as it has said to itself, and I'm really excited about it. I have loved it ever since. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show like this one. The cast is excellent as their characters, and I do not want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with the series, Pushing Daisies shoots a man named Ned (also known as The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace), who discovered a special gift as a boy: he could bring the dead back to life with one finger. He did that first with his dog Digby. However, there is the catch: If he keeps a dead longer than a minute alive, another dies. That's what he learned when he brought his mother back to life and the father of his childhood love died of Ned's mother. The other catch is when he touches the person again, they are dead again, but this time forever. He learned that when his mother kissed him a good night. His father took him to boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a cake bakery nicknamed "The Pie Hole." Oled Snook (Kristin Chenoweth), a Ned associate, has a crush on Ned, but Ned refuses her steps and tries to avoid getting close to anyone and learning from previous experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift of Ned and decides to make him a partner for solving murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed her, and when the minute is over, he touches her again and they solve it. This is how they usually solve it. Throughout the episodes, the murders have very interesting plans and what people least expect. <br /> <br /> One day Ned discovers that his next murder is to be solved by his nanny Charlotte (Chuck) Charles (Anna Friel). , He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep them alive. In their place died the funeral director who had stolen jewelery from the bodies. When Emerson finds out and if Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he does not agree - for a while we hear him call Chuck 'Dead Girl'. All this is kept secret by Olive, Chuck's aunts Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz) and everyone else if anyone recognizes them from obituaries, the news and so on. Vivian and Lily, previously dubbed swimmers, had not left the house for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck love to love, although they will never touch again. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, has great characters, great plot twists and certainly gets you going. I hope it will not be canceled on 13 episodes.
