This show was much appreciated by critics and those who realized that similarities between the pushing daisies style and those of other players were not a cause. (Yes, I've seen "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is a bit similar, but still different enough to be original.) On the contrary, there are too few shows on TV that have that bizarre charm. The biggest resemblance is "Dead Like Me", but "P.D" honestly bears this similarity: Bryan Fuller has created both shows. (Both shows are an "undead" young woman, for example.) This show never stopped being funny and charming, and it has always been strange and yet consistently human conventions of ongoing storylines. Some people have complained that this show lacks a moral center, as Ned seems to cause the death of Chuck's father in the first (and subsequent episodes) without consequences. First of all, this must be a new definition of "without any consequences," because even though Ned was just a boy and did not know he had caused the death of Chuck's father, he felt guilty anyway. Then he realized what he was had done. About a dozen episodes in the series eventually confessed to Ned that he had caused his father's death with his gift. Now, there is no police charge that a person magically caused death by bringing another person back to life. Therefore, the questions of absolution and restitution must be taken up without social guidance. In other words, it's between Ned and Chuck that Ned did not want to forgive in the foreseeable future. <br /> <br /> However, this indicates a problem with ongoing storylines in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's character on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it seemed like he had gotten away with it for a year, then he was caught and had to quit his job (and leave the show). The point is, viewers should now learn and not assume that a normal character does something wrong in a single episode and is not trapped in this episode, that he got away with it. There is always next week - and maybe even next year.
