"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV series of its kind in the last 5 years, agrees or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative spirit. He is the head behind other great TV shows like "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004) and the other not as good as this, but also "Heroes" (2006). It's a mix of the wonderful worlds that Brian Fuller created in previous TV series. He mixes again an amazing fantasy world with real people who disguise themselves in colorful pictures and exaggerated feelings, which is always a fairy tale. Being a kind of fairy tale, you can not expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or even situations that are much anticipated, but not in a way that would normally be said. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes with a curse and what's sweet can be bitter too. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple man with an interesting gift, except that he is an excellent cook: he can give life to the dead with just one touch. This could be a power that everyone would die - or live on - if not for another simple and very sad thing: He can also give the eternal dead if he touches them again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop ... everything has compensation, and if it brings something to life for more than a minute, another species of it would die instantly. He is a man full of unfortunate events in life, in such a way that he grew up introspectively, always afraid to touch everything and to lose things he once loved. Until the day he finally could be close to his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if not another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life back and she loves him as much as he does, but this one Love is untouchable. The true kiss of death. And so begins this beautiful modern fairytale. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Pushing Daisies" for the first time, it became a very well-known (or a kind of tribute) to everything Tim Burton has been promoting since "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" ( 1985) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results could not be better. The world around The Pie Hole was great. The stories of Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) about solving unresolved crimes can be common on television, but this is just one way to bring people to a wonderful world full of amazing stories about characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) beautiful and dreamy pictures that you can almost feel the taste of the colors. Not only that, you are merged into a series of amazing and charismatic, gentle characters, even those with the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> The trivial concept of murder and unresolved crime, the show breaks and triumphantly disappears in many other ways. The actors here are top notch. Lee Pace is tender, soft and contained as the character demands. Anna Friel is the muse of the show, as it should be her character. However, the best times are always the supporting actors like Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (as Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines with such a dehydrated figure, drowned in an impossible dark humor that could scare a clown. Surely she has the best dialogues and her expressions and body language are fascinating. However, when the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, the best fun moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems she's constantly improvising, she's so fun of course that every single scene is just a show. Kristin shines so well on the show that winning the Emmy 2009 for her supporting role on the show was absolutely justified and deserved. There is also the chemistry between actors and their characters, which are also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this TV program really is and what it should be. For those who believe that this show is a waste of time or claims to find no meaning in it, they need to open their minds and comeback at a time they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> Truth It has to be said that watching TV on a TV show has never been more daring than with this amazing one. "Pushing Daisies" was a big step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It's true that television does not respect great TV shows as the one created by Bryan Fuller - except for "Heroes," which is still airing and is not nearly as good as the others.
