After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb main page for "Pushing Daisies" and literally minutes before ending the last episode, I thought it was time I said what I thought of PD. </ br /> First of all, on the topics I saw with other people at this show: something like "I expect the people awakened by the dead to have a more realistic reaction". Realistic in this show? Pushing daisies is truly pure and complete escapism. It is the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, situations, music: For me, this is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from the everyday and boring. Here Pushing Daisies is exceptionally good. Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: A large majority of viewers do not "understand" it, for some people it's just too stupid. But for people like me, I saw it in the first episode ("Season 2" Frescorts) and I was just thrilled with the show. From then on, I bought both boxing kits and they barely came out of my DVD player. Other people I know can not stand it, it really seems like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the piemaker, with a magical finger returning childhood sweetheart Charlotte Charles. works with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns the pie and employs waitress Olive Snook. The protagonists are the aunts Lily and Vivian, which Charlotte (Chuck) may never see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, everything is shown with a wonderfully bright splash of color and told by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> Aside from the basics of the show, I really can not praise it much more, without saying, just look at it. Although the Writer's Guild of America strike was mauled with only 22 episodes, it offers wonderful twists, storylines, characters, and situations that (to me) are a satisfying ending (yes, I could say so.) At the end, tackled and hounded, but I was still happy with the way. Whether creative or just overbearing, for many people (including me) it made the most addictive and wonderful television, and I hope for the future of television that more shows like this emerge, leaving me not only 22 left, 40 minutes memories of what true entertainment can be.
