The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an avid archaeologist, is sent by his museum chief to Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his job is to find and catalog the collection of related antiques and curiosities to his recently deceased father of the landowner. The Squire is surprised by the arrival of the Fanshawe, he had not expected him for a week, but he still greets him and brings him to his room with his only servant, Patten (David Burke, Dr. Watson), because Fanshawe have to stay a few days to do his rather big job. Patten, it seems, is not the kindest sort and seems to annoy the extra work that Fanshawe's visit brings. The big, empty house offers him endless cooking, cleaning and waiting. Fanshawe is a picky breed, very neat and precise with everything that has his place, be it his clothes or his books and papers, and he's pretty disgusted with the dirt in his room. It is needless to say that he is quite eager to get his job started, but unpacking he finds his binoculars damaged while passing through. He asks the Squire for a replacement pair. The Squire is a modern thinker, but it also seems a bit ill-educated. Such things also seek to eliminate the confusion around the house, forcing Fanshawe to the top of the hill so he can survey the property and the surrounding villages can. There, the Squire leads him to attractions, including Gallows Hill, where locals were hanged for their crimes and offenses, his interest is also aroused by a local abbey, which the Squire calls a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through the binoculars that this is clear not the case. He examines and pays for a visit to the site of the abbey and is shocked when there are only a few remains of stone? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this puzzle as darkness falls. He feels watched, feels presence, he begins to see moving shadows in the forest. Startled, he runs home. While dining, he tells the country hunter details of his busy day, Patten hears the story and suggests an explanation for it. Binoculars! They used to belong to a local man named Baxter, who seemed to have gathered bones and skulls from Gallows Hill and cooked them one way or another. Baxter had mysteriously disappeared one night, the late Squire had acquired his belongings including a mask from a skull and some ancient etchings of the area. These etchings fascinate Fanshawe as they depict the abbey he has seen through his binoculars, but he learns that the abbey had been destroyed during the reign of Henry VII. Therefore, it would be impossible for Baxter to draw the sketches, although they are signed and dated by Baxter to the recent past, he concludes that the binoculars have a special power. That night he has terribly vivid dreams, when he wakes up, he sets out with binoculars to look at the abbey through them, which he surprises, but has he put himself in dangerous danger? Fanshawe is finally caught in his dangerous obsession when Squire falls into the dark and a search party goes in search of the now-vanished archaeologist. They are alerted by dozens of loudly cawing crows circling over Gallows, but they will be faster in time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The Ghost Story for Christmas, a series of BBC films, unfortunately ended in 1978 with The Ice House. Most of these films were based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was briefly revived and, thankfully, A View from a Hill also meant a return to James' work, whose ghostly writings have plagued many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who is new to the series, may have disturbed the fans of the older films, but returns to the time given away by the later films. This immediately sets the tone for a great ghost story. His direction is sure to remain true to the mood of the masters works and builds the fear factor gradually to a frightening climax, whereby what the viewer sees, is reduced to a minimum, whereby the tension and the mystery are increased. The autumn landscape offers plenty of atmosphere, the falling leaves and the low sun create a disturbing backdrop to the disastrous events. The cast must be said are all excellent and are perfectly poured into their respective roles. The idea behind binoculars is simple but very effective. The use of a man-made object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see may even have influenced the influence of Álex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006) from the following year with which it bears striking resemblance. I've heard mixed reviews about this film, but I have to say that I found it fascinating at all times. He even lifted some hair on my head and gave me some shivers, something that does not happen much these days, I think. Any negativity that surrounds the movie can only be traced to its tempo, which to my eyes is perfection , but for the modern audience as deadly slow. Within the short 40-minute season, there's plenty of time for character development and expansion, and I have to say it's a new favorite of mine and certainly one of the better movies of the decade.
