In 2005, three film productions of H. G. Wells' great novel "War of the Worlds" were shown. This is perhaps the least known and most likely the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever attempted to present the story not only as Wells wrote it, but also to create the atmosphere of the time in which it was to take place: the last year of the 19th century, 1900? with the original setting of Wells in and around Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems unfriendly, which they consider a "spoiler". This might be the case with some films that might end up being a surprise, but with one of the most famous novels in the world, it looks positively stupid. I have no sympathy for people who have failed to read one of the most important works of English literature, so let's get down to business. The aliens are destroyed by catching a terrestrial disease against which they have no immunity. If this is a spoiler, it should be so; After a book and 3 other movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows Wells' plan in the main, is also very cleverly presented? in a way that could scare off many viewers because they do not know the photography of the late 19th or early 20th century. Although it was shot in widescreen format, the film looks a bit long to convey a sense of contemporaneity. The general coloring of skin and clothing has a sepia hue that is commonly found in old photos (not black). Colors are often reminiscent of tinting by hand. At other times, colors are washed out. These variations are typical of early films that did not use standardized celluloid material and therefore exhibited numerous changes in print quality, even from black and white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white, etc. as you will occasionally see here. The special effects are deliberately declining, a style that dates back to the 1920s. and yet the Martians and their machines are as Wells described them, and have a more realistic "feel." Some effects are really awkward? like the destruction of Big Ben. The drama is often more in the style of this time than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian robe may seem strange, especially the use of pomade or brilliants on head and facial hair. <br /> <br /> This movie is the only movie that follows Wells' original narrative. as was stated. Viewers may find it informative to note plot details that are occasionally retained in other versions of the story. Wells description of the Martians? a huge head mounted on numerous tentacles ?? is displayed effectively. If the Martian machines appear about an hour after the movie, they also give a good idea of ​​how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film are an excellent work to present the progress of Martians from the limited perspective (mainly) of rural England? plus a few scenes in London (with the narrator's brother). The director can not resist showing the destruction of a big landmark, but he's not unduly concerned with the destruction of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is no surprise. despite the destruction of some of their machines by cannons. The narrator on the run to seek refuge sees much of what Wells calls "the way of humanity." He meets a curate endowed with the Victorian suffering of a much too precious and nervous personality. Finally, they find themselves on the edge of a Mars nest, where they discover a terrible fact: The Martians are shown as vampires who eat their prey alive in a very effective scene. Wells adds that they set up a "long and happy honking" after the meal. The narrator must finally beat senseless the increasingly hysterical curates? who has just been resurrected when the Martians drag him to the pantry (jubilation from the gallery, British curates are so often unbearable). <br /> <br /> This movie lasts almost three hours and details Wells' story. It is time for the author to become due? in a compelling presentation that has a dramatic impact. A word about acting: do not expect any award-winning achievements. They are not bad, but the actors are serious and growing with you. However, most of them had very short film careers, often only in this film. The Narrator is played in his second movie by Anthony Piana. The curate is John Kaufman? also in his second movie as an actor, but had more experience as a director. The brother ("Henderson") is played by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film with some conviction. The Artilleryman, the only other significant part, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie that, for the first time, represents the War of the Worlds, as Wells wrote. Despite its small defects, it is far better than any of its hyped rivals. If you want to see the War of the Worlds by H. G. Wells? and not a completely distorted version of it? see this movie!
