Imagine that you could have everything you wanted, go anywhere you wanted, what you ever dreamed of - just thinking. Imagine now, you share this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such powers be worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage," the legendary pilot of the original Star Trek series. NBC's "too cerebral" and "too cold" denied and rejected "The Cage" was at the time the most ambitious and expensive pilot ever made in the history of the network, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to allow all this effort and effort Costs are lost as a result of this truly classic Star Trek episode, which "The Cage" embeds in a frame story that truly deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this compelling story, a milestone in television history and one of the first serious sci-fi stories ever shot for the small screen ... Star Date 3012: The USS Enterprise is redirected to starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from the former commander of the Enterprise. Surprisingly, the message can not come from Captain Pike, because he is now sitting in a wheelchair and dumb and terribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Commodore Mendez, the commander of Kirk and Starbase, tries to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter can be resolved, Spock commits an open mutiny for unknown reasons, abducting the helpless Captain Pike and abducting the Enterprise by a brilliant one thoughtful and timed plan, which is supported by a few nervous Nervenkneifen. Soon, the Enterprise is heading for the remote, forbidden planet Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under ban, and any contact Starfleet ships or personnel with the planet is immediately sentenced to death, which means Spock purposely targets himself and Kirk, as the captain is blamed for the activities of the ship. Frightened, Kirk and Mendez hunt in a shuttle that becomes dangerous itself if the Enterprise does not answer their calls or pick up the vehicle until the power and oxygen are almost exhausted. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one who follows the ship - can not, of course, bring the captain to certain death. After Spock was ordered to retrieve the ship and beam the inmates on board, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and demands the arrest after taking the starship on an irreversible course to Talos IV. After the resumption of the command, Kirk demands an explanation, whereupon Spock demands an immediate court-martial by a tribunal of Starfleet commanders, three of whom are on board - Mendez, Kirk and the crippled, inadmissible Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopaedic knowledge of Starfleet rules allows him to manipulate the Tribunal to provide otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock presents video footage of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the people of Talos IV - a journey that the Enterprise itself had taken under Pike's command 13 years earlier. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme details. However, the reality of the events portrayed is confirmed by Pike himself, who has been lured by an emergency call from the alleged survivors of a Federation research to Talos IV ship, which crashed there 18 years earlier. Among the survivors is Vina, a stunning beauty who was born shortly before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows him to lure him to a remote location, whereupon he is thrown away and captured by the Talosians, a nation of androgynous humanoids with enormous skull capacity and the ability to turn thoughts into virtual reality. After Pike's capture, the rest of the "survivors" disappeared, since none really existed except Vina. The episode ends when the tribunal learns that Spock's "evidence" is actually being sent directly by Talos IV to the Enterprise, which violates Starfleet rules. Starfleet orders the transmissions to stop immediately, and we wonder what will happen next ... Continued in a review of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
