Parts 1 and 2 of the menagerie were the only two-parter during the 3-year run of the original Trek series. Roddenberry was able to insert most of the footage of the first pilot "The Cage". The move was made out of the need to tackle deadline issues in the production of episodes (such a SF show in the 1960s was troublesome to cope with on time). A positive result at that time was that the viewers, who did not know the pilots produced almost a few years ago, would get a completely new crew and a new captain for these two episodes, in addition to the regular characters, as if the producers had spent twice the money these episodes to present a TV epic that includes a dozen years of Starfleet history (though they still use terms like "United Space Fleet" in those early episodes). <br /> <br /> The story begins as a Space Mystery Plot: The Enterprise is redirected to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons, and very soon Spock is a suspect in these phenomena. Although McCoy proves insignificant that Spock's volcanic heritage makes his fate impossible, it turns out that Spock is actually implementing a nasty scheme to kidnap our precious spaceship and kidnap its former Captain Pike, who is now terribly crippled. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or did he just go crazy? It's very possible, because he leads Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so banished that he is the only death penalty in the Starfleet books. When the device is done, there's a great scene in which Spock surrenders to a stunned McCoy when Uhura looks shocked. Even Kirk, who as a rule should be a captain, does not know what to think of his illogical behavior of his first officer. In the third and final acts, we see transferred images of a mission from The Enterprise of 13 years ago, when Captain Pike commanded and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where it all comes from and what Spock hopes to achieve - and that's one more thing that makes this a very good 2-party - we really need to find out what the second part is about. Not only is Spock facing harsh penalties, it also looks like Kirk's career may have ended. Double the danger, people. This is also the first TV episode showing one of these shuttlecrafts (none was available in earlier "The Enemy Within" when the craft was really needed). There is also one of those cute, dull images that convey the ambience of a futuristic starbase - this was the only way to visualize such things. Finally, look at Kirk's complacent approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, do things with him as the story progresses.
