This is a Casper the Friendly Ghost short from my childhood, and I'm watching it again on YouTube (Thanks, GOD! For You Tube); After that, I love this short, and it's one of my favorite Casper shorts. <br /> <br /> I love the way the shorts start creepy with Frank Gallop's haunting narrative; until we see Casper sitting at his gravestone in the cemetery and reading. As each ghost rises from the graves to "boo people," Casper decides to go in search of a friend. When trying to find a friend, anyone who sees Casper runs away. Poor Casper was sitting on a log, weeping. until a little fox cub shows up, it pinches it. Casper and the little fox tie fast and he quickly calls the boy Ferdie and considers him his best friend. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Casper and Ferdie is enormously vulnerable, however, if Casper does not keep a close eye on Ferdie while they play hide and seek. While hiding a hunter and two of his hunting dogs, Ferdie tries to kill little Ferdie, and Ferdie runs as fast as he can until he's out of breath and begins to pant. As the hunter fires shots at Ferdie Casper, he notices that they are trying to kill him, flies in the direction of the hunter and asks the hunter to leave Ferdie alone. And the hunter and the dogs are afraid of Casper. Casper shouts to Ferdie that the hunter and the dogs have disappeared and everything is fine. But Casper sees that Ferdie's body does not move and asks if he's okay. When Casper sees that Ferdie has died, he begins to grieve in pain because he has "lost the only friend he has ever had in his life." Casper returns to the cemetery where he buried Ferdie and built a tombstone next to Casper's tombstone. Casper continues to mourn in pain until he sees that Ferdie herself has risen as a ghost. Ferdie begins to lick Casper on the cheek. Casper screams with joy because he's reunited with Ferdie. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a really good short; albeit surprisingly disturbing, he shows death in a family-oriented cartoon.
