Oh man . Yet another example of "Oireland" and religion. No doubt we will see a depressing nonsense showing some "hunky and macho freedom fighters" from the IRA. Well, that was my first reaction when the credits started, but an hour and a half later I was in shock. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem as they marry in the Catholic Church and Sheila is a Protestant, but to make the wedding, Sheila promises that her children will be educated Catholic and attend the Catholic school when they are 'old enough. The story, which takes place in the fifties, springs out a few years ago when the Cloney daughters are about to leave school, but Sheila has decided that they will visit the local Protestant school, much to the disgust of the local priest, Father Stafford. From there, escalate <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and say that, despite my Catholic and Scottish heritage, I was raised in Ireland as an agnostic and felt atheist throughout my adult life. When it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon that manipulates people. A shared love shows what happens when self-proclaimed moral guardians leave it to themselves to tell others what to think and believe. May I say that Karl Marx, if he had seen this movie, would love him and call it a masterpiece? Maybe I should not, as the drama of this story shows what happens when other people let you think for themselves. <br /> <br /> In response to the two reviewers claiming that this film is the worst type of propaganda I wear I do not pretend to know exactly what happened in County Wexford and there is none Doubt that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as the bad guys, but Sheila herself is not guilty. Remember a woman living in a rural village in Ireland in the 1950s, committed to educating her children as Catholics, then changing her mind and believing that this will have no consequences? This is a warning not to follow the commitments and not to comply. Not only that, it disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their ruined life. There is also something that no one else has picked up on, and the only character with any moral sense is former IRA man Andy Bailey, who proves gallant, not because he was a former IRA member (That changes.) We speak not from THE DEVIL'S OWN), but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself. A LOVE DIVIDED is a great movie that has a lot to say for itself I agree with. If there is any kind of criticism it is that it feels too much like a TVM and not like a movie, but believe me, I can live with it and for anyone who thinks religion is the Opium of the Masses is indispensable
