I am always amazed and appalled by the evil that has been foretold in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in Ireland in the twentieth century - very close - are at the top of the list Wisdom of history and modern times should have a sobering effect. <br /> <br /> A shared love is the story of a real family drawn by ignorant intolerance and prejudice, all in the name of an inhumane church doctrine. At the beginning of the film, we get a glimpse of bucolic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married to two young children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no qualms about her children being raised Catholic. There are no signs of hostility between Catholics and Protestants in the village. The peaceful and loving relationships are soon destroyed when Sheila expresses the wish that her older child attend the Protestant school. The local priest takes it upon himself to forbid this "sin", and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village have turned against her as well as against her father, the local dairy farmer. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flees the area. Special attention should be given to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. It gives an extremely powerful performance in which the viewer is drawn into the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of a husband she loves very much, expressing her passionate desire to be independent of the burdens of the establishment establish. At eye level is Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, because he shows a realistic portrait of a man who is not nearly as complex as his wife, torn between his love for her and the influence of church and community. <br /> <br /> If it was a fiction, this movie would have been a captivating and interesting drama. Considering that it is true, it becomes a terrible tragedy. In real life, the people and the village have never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took almost half a century for the church to acknowledge its negative role in the events. Although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the region, they never fully recovered from what the religious leaders and their roommates had done to them. <br /> <br /> Whether it's denying basic rights to education, dropping planes into buildings, subjugating women, condemning entire races, or simply condemning torture and murder - a strong negative one Power in our society.
