It would require the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare to do justice to this outstanding cinematic achievement. Nevertheless, I will try. <br /> <br /> As far as adjustments have been made by Hamlet, it is already at a better starting point than any other version as it encompasses the entire game. Nevertheless, this is no guarantee for a first-rate or even good movie. Normally, I'm not into overlapping movies, and the trend that seems prevalent in Hollywood these days, namely that movies should be at least two hours long, preferably three, is one that will hopefully not last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive exploration and could cut quite a bit. Doing a four-hour movie and making it interesting is not a small undertaking, but Kenneth Branagh does it with flying colors. He managed to make a very long film no more than an average movie. I was completely obsessed from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The cast is excellent, Kenneth Branagh himself is the tormented prince who delivers a strong and memorable performance. He manages to admirably express his feelings through his voice, and one does not need to be an expert in Shakespeare's verses to grasp the innumerable emotions that reign in him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect. I always liked her as an actress, but I was not sure she could play Shakespeare. Well, she has eradicated all doubts with her performance. She's the best Ophelia I've ever seen, and she has given the character so much depth and was just wonderful. Other brilliant performances include Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio, to name but a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some internationally more famous stars to play in some supporting roles. I particularly liked the sparring between Hamlet and Billy Crystal's gravedigger. <br /> <br /> The setting of the play in the 19th century is a welcome relief to the usually gloomy Gothic settings. It's a whole lot lighter than other versions I've ever seen, more colorful and elaborate, but this does not detract from the tragedy of the game. It is extraordinary, stylish and aesthetically pleasing, a feast for the eyes and other senses. As always, the music of Patrick Doyle is magical and absolutely in tune with the movie. Only when you have seen this, you can feel a deep sense of satisfaction. I am shocked and appalled that this exquisite work of art has not been awarded an Oscar for Best Picture, nor has it even been nominated. There is no way that a better movie was filmed this year, or another year for that matter. This is as close to perfection as you can hope for. <br /> <br /> To sum it up, a breathtaking work of pure genius and I can not see how anyone could outdo this. My hat is to you, Mr. Branagh.
