William Shakespeare would be very proud of this special version of his piece. It is not only the best movie version, but also the only complete version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is just awesome. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because it had the guts to do it, even if it took just over four hours. We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and His plan to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best thing about this Hamlet version is not the stunning sets or the stunning photography, but the interpretation of the characters in each character. I doubt you will find a better Polonius than Richard Briers's delicious presentation. Besides, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. Even Derek Jacobi, a regular player under Shakespeare's adaptations, is great as an opponent of Hamlet. <br /> <br /> Of course we have to talk about Kenneth Branagh. He thrilled the audience as he entered the scene with his first outing with Shakespeare, Henry V. He surpasses himself with Hamlet. Sure, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. When you see him on screen, it's almost as if he knows exactly how Shakespeare wanted to play the part. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least, the film received a few nominations and even an odd choice for the script. I think they know well when they see it. <br /> <br /> All in all, you will never find a richer and more elaborate production of the Bard's best game. To say that the technical aspects were great would be an understatement. If you love this game and you are a fan of Shakespeare, you must watch this movie. Even if you are not really interested in Shakespeare, you will be engaged in visualization for the duration of the movie. You may not think you can go through anything, but you'll soon find that you want to see more of the movie when you stop this movie.
