Many people do not think Branagh's Hamlet movie is that good, but I have to admit that I think he's great. Like practically every Shakespearean production, it has problems and difficult decisions have to be made, not all of them work. For example, the "secret door everywhere" thing just does not work. This element never achieves the ominous sense of metaphor or analogy it tries to, resulting in the game becoming too colorful and losing its trademark of a thousand menacing mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And although it's a big thing, I also tend to say that it's the only problem. Almost everything else works absolutely wonderful. Okay, so Branagh is too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a bit forced. And sometimes he gets too hysterical. But that's it. No other complaints. Despite these mistakes, I find that this version is of fundamental importance, and if it is not as dramatic as it should be, it is exactly the literary work it should be. We get the full text of the longest version of the piece, innovative and expensive on screen, mostly in perfect and modern and very understandable voices - even if they sometimes talk too fast to get the massive text over with. In a Shakespeare production, however, it is simply not possible to speak so slowly that the audience can truly appreciate the full depth of the language. You have to dive into the print versions of the pieces. <br /> <br /> All actors in this version are simply mesmerizing and immediately classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best ever, and even the American actors are amazing, especially. Charlton Heston as player king - who would have thought that ?! (A story goes around that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when a critic in the front row could not stand his Hammy and said aloud, "This is terrible!", Reportedly gab Heston straight back from the stage: " Well, I did not write that crap! "Of course it's not true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, it's a brave and ironic decision for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams as" Young Ozric "may not be young enough for the part, but he makes it a weird one, which is guaranteed. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a very well produced version, with most key scenes in my opinion. most memorable. Of course I have just seen this film when I was interested in Shakespeare (and at the same time as Luhrmann's impressive Romeo + Juliet), and he made a big impression on me, explaining something of my preference for it. All in all, I have to declare Branagh's Hamlet my favorite game, Derek Jacobi's BBC version from 1980 is a very close second. I probably like Branagh's Shakespeare work more than most. He finds him an experienced interpreter and popularizer, with an attractively casual attitude to the words and a deep and reasonable and blatantly enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespearean acting, Olivier and Branagh remain the two brightest luminaries, and while Olivier is the superior actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare from the pedestal of snobbery and artistry and transforms him into comic, laid back, populist worldliness none of his dignity. I think Branagh makes Shakespeare more true than the world has ever seen. And so, 10 out of 10 points for an absolutely mighty Hamlet.
