When I first read Hamlet, I had to think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler gives up the piece because of his indecision and says, "Give me Romeo everyday." Five acts of a man trying to decide if he wants to kill his uncle or not? Seemed too exaggerated. But as I continued to read, I became more and more appreciated by the piece. I've seen the Olivier and Gibson movie versions (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), all of which are modeled on Olivier; the melancholy Dane. Olivier at least did it without annoying himself, but Gibson and what I've seen, Williamson, looked like they were going to "Look, Ma, I'm acting! I'm acting!" School. <br /> <br /> Now comes the version of Kenneth Branagh, which is breathtaking from start to finish. It ranked No. 2 in my top ten of 1996 (behind the ENGLISH PATIENT and ahead of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, ALL SAY I LOVE YOU LOOKING WITH DESASTER, BIG NIGHT AND RICHARD). and it's the best Hamlet and maybe the best Shakespeare to be brought to the movie. Obviously, Branagh's talent as a filmmaker is to produce the 70mm full-length version and not lose interest for four hours, but what is overlooked in discussions about this film is his performance in the title role. This was by far my favorite performance of the year. Branagh avoids the melodrama that actors appear to play when playing Hamlet as normal, normal people, and lets us understand his actions and feelings at every turn. And unlike Olivier, who was mainly dependent on his voice, Branagh demonstrates with his whole body what emotions Hamlet is going through. However, since he plays him as normal, there seems to be nothing of scenery. <br /> <br The rest of the cast is also top notch. Jack Lemmon did not bother me at all, though I agree that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising turn came from Charlton Heston; I have always found him stiff, but as a player king, he is quite proficient. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would find him completely wrong as the first gravedigger, but he was his usual jolly self while he was in his character. All in all a glorious movie!
