This was the second of two filmed "Hamlets" in the 1990s. The first was in 1990 by Franco Zeffirelli with Mel Gibson in the lead role. Zeffirelli's version, like that of Laurence Olivier in 1948, is cut on a shortened version of the piece with much of Shakespeare's original text. (I never saw Tony Richardson's 1969 version, but since it took less than two hours, even shorter than Zeffirelli's, I suppose that was shortened as well). Kenneth Branagh tried something much more ambitious - a movie that was based on the entire text of the piece, with a running time of about four hours. <br /> <br /> Branagh claimed Olivier's crown as Cinema's leading Shakespeare with "Henry V", claiming his claim with his brilliant "Much Ado About Nothing," a rare example of a great movie based on a Shakespearean comedy. approved. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare film as a director (he also acted as Iago in Oliver Parker's "Othello" of 1995) and is, as might be expected, very different from "Much Ado ??.". The earlier film, filmed in a villa in the Tuscan hills and in the beautiful countryside, is a happy summer movie about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet" sets the depths of winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the actions in the summer). The look of the film is particularly eye-catching, both lush and cool. It was filmed at Blenheim Palace, perhaps the grandest manor in England, but also a rather forbidden one. The snowy outdoor scenes are cold and wintry. the inner ones are formal and thoughtful. The action was updated to the mid-19th century. The female characters carry the sophisticated fashions of this era, while the most important males usually wear great military uniforms. (There is a contrast to Zeffirelli's film, which deliberately dampened both the interior and the costumes). The game is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention had perhaps been to contrast a glorious surface with the underlying "Something Lazy in the State of Denmark." <br /> <br /> The film is characterized by a large number of well-known actors, some of whom are heavily involved in supporting roles. (Blink, and you might miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, the production company demanded an All-Star cast that was nervous because of a four-hour movie. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, like Osric from Robin Williams, were not really successful, but others, like Charlton Heston's Player King or Billy Crystal's First Gravedigger, played their roles very well. Yorick, usually seen only as a skull, can be seen here in a flashback played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays fun characters, is cast as a ghost against the guy and does the scenes where he's really scary. <br /> <br /> Of the main characters, perhaps Kate Winslet's Ophelia was the weakest. Branagh's lead actress in his first two Shakespeare films was his then wife Emma Thompson, whose marriage was divorced in 1995. However, I wanted Thompson to be in the role. Although Winslet embraced the crazy scenes of Ophelia, she was weak in the earlier scenes in which her character is still spiritual. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with a greater dignity than he is often given, and is a wise and seasoned adviser, rather than a crazy old fool. Julie Christie also gives Gertrude dignity; There is no attempt here, as in Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to assume an incestuous bond between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is large enough to be credible as a mother and son, which was certainly not the case with Close and Gibson. (Olivier's Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was bizarrely thirteen years younger than him.) Branagh explained that his intention to restore scenes that are often cut into cinematic versions reinforces the idea that the game is about a national one as well as a domestic tragedy. "The war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras is much emphasized - a Zeffirelli completely ignored subplot. This emphasis on national tragedy may be best shown in the figure of Claudius, sometimes played as a one-dimensional villain. There is something in Derek Jacobi's performance that suggests that Claudius could be a good man under different circumstances, but that he was misled by ambition and desire. He could have been a good and faithful servant to his brother, but decided to rule as a wicked king. Although he is tormented by guilt, he sees no way to make up for the evil he has done. Branagh, a wonderfully fluent speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is outstanding in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old concept of Hamlet as undecided, passive and melancholy. He is an active, physical and energetic Hamlet, best shown in his deadly duel with Laertes. His guiding principle is not world-weary despair, but an active disgust for evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> It was a gamble for Branagh to make a four-hour epic, and the movie was not doing well at box office. However, it was praised by many critics, and James Berardinelli was particularly enthusiastic. My own opinion is that regardless of the financial returns, Branagh has paid off artistically. By focusing on the full text, he was able to express the full meaning and full emotional power of Shakespeare's highly complex play. When I got his "Much Ado ??" I said it was the biggest movie of a Shakespearean comedy so far. His "Hamlet" is perhaps the greatest film of a Shakespearean tragedy. 10/10
