The image of film studios that are controlled financially rather than creatively is not without truth (in fact, it is more true than false). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a complete, unabridged version of "Hamlet," which, among other things, provides all his creative control. Of course, Branagh had to agree to a few concessions (a cast of stars and a 2.5-hour version for a wider release), but why did the film studio allow Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version that they only knew a few they would see? Could they, at least in this case, have had enough respect for Branagh's material and vision to make a difference for just a few people? That's not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who are willing to watch "Hamlet" for four hours. Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend much time on it. Unlike other productions of the game, including the stage, it is a completely unabridged production that has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare was never intended to produce the piece uncut, and the decision on what to do with the director is up to the director. I have no doubt that the Bard would have been overjoyed with Branagh 's production if he had seen it. <br /> <br /> The movie is top-heavy of movie stars, though most only have a bit of parts. Everyone plays their roles equally well. I would have felt Branagh too old to play the role of Hamlet, and though he may still be, his performance more than makes up for it. Hamlet is a complex part that shows every feeling of grief to anger, happiness to madness and everything in between. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is great as the deceitful Claudius, whose deception and betrayal set all these things in motion; His unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's loving mother who knows what's going on late in the game. <br /> <br /> The classic actors are cast in small parts (Judi Dench is 60 seconds for everyone and has no lines), but at least they are in there. Surprisingly, this takes no one to heart; Everyone gives everything, and it shows. Particularly noteworthy are Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, which are excellent. Robin Williams is a bit too stupid, but he is not bad (his part is pretty small anyway). <br /> <br /> But this is undoubtedly Branagh's show. He adapted one of the most famous pieces in history, taking on the whale of a project. It's impressive that he made it, but the fact that the movie is so good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a Shakespeare scientist to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his performers understand that. "Hamlet" is still very comfortable to sit and listen to the actors who convey the brilliant dialogue and the outstanding acting. <br /> <br /> This is a must for everyone and everyone. It can take four hours, but definitely worth it.
