First, what I did not like. The acting did not really correspond to the Hamlet standard. Branagh was really over the top and usually roared. In my opinion, the actors, who were not big celebrities, generally did a better job. However, I would say Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And also Charlton Heston, but I was not sure if he was a hack.) Many ambiguities in the game were clearly solved in the Flashbacks in some way. <br /> <br /> What I think I'm talking about in favor of this game is that it's accessible. Shakespeare is difficult to understand for the vast majority of people today; Many people do not even tend to give it a try because of their reputation as reputable literature and their archaic English. When they see this movie, they will clearly understand that at least one man interprets the piece. You'll see it more than Shakespeare's audience saw it: a game of swordfights and battles and mighty kings and nobles, murder and incest and evil schemes and ghosts - and great art if you look for it, but in The Day of Shakespeare was on Most not so, as most people do now. Branagh's exaggerated action and compelling his interpretation of the story to the viewer may distract some from Shakespeare's art, but it is better that the modern audience get a piece of it rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I have to say something else. Some people complain that "it plays in the 19th century and that was not Shakespeare's time". Well, in Shakespeare's time, her costume and scenery were all of her own day for all her pieces. Shakespeare may have said it was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or whatever, but he did not disguise his characters as they were, he used the costumes of his own time. For the same reason his plays are full of anachronisms. In King John, for example, the English and French have guns - at Robin Hood's time. In Julius Caesar one speaks of chimneys that were not invented in the next thousand years, and in Henry IV. One speaks of Machiavelli, who was not born then. I think this objection is stupid - you could also complain that the piece is not in Danish (after all, they live in Denmark, right?).
