I was still of school age and had to study Shakespeare almost all the time for the past four years (which scares off any writer, no matter how good he is). I did not really expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher put him on it; I thought it was the typical English lesson film: bad drama, awful shot, badly edited and the dreadful, dreadful old dialogue. So I am almost ready to go into a coma from the beginning. However, I watched and much to my disturbance, I found not only attentive, but also enjoyed the movie. This production of Hamlet is probably one of the best drama films I've seen in a long time - and it really brings to life how Shakespeare wanted his plays to be good (with the difference that this is cinema) better than my English teacher, who knew the text at all, could do it. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is anything but boring (though a little hard to understand if you're not used to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are executed with an ability who do not know you do not expect; especially, maybe because of the amazing number of cameos this movie has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as great as you would expect from these two veterans, even in such small parts, but it's Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger who really stand out and give these little bits an unexpected boost It does not just offer some comic relief in the midst of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars are of course also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh stands out as Hamlet and brings with it not only the confusion and pain required for the role, but also a sort of sardonic atmosphere that is wonderful in the comic scenes, which makes the movie much better to see , The other main actors are good, too, but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands in the title role head and shoulders above the rest. <br /> <br /> Also, the standard situations are often startling and provide a refreshing change from the damp old castle corridors that we're used to in Shakespearean productions, as well as a sense of the country around them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is a film in itself, is not without mistakes, but not larger (the tempo is the only real problem that comes to mind spontaneously, as well as the prose for all who are not, as I said , the Shakesperean language) and especially compared to the kind of Shakespearean productions I've seen in the classroom, are really brilliant. It even caused me to reconsider my earlier typical teen attitude with Shakespeare that his plays are boring (I came to the conclusion that it's not the plays that are boring, only the teachers reciting them in class). If only all of his plays were made into films like this, English students everywhere in schools could have a higher opinion of the bard. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
