What an ambitious project has Kenneth Branagh done here and how well it has been realized! This is the first filmed version of 'Hamlet' that uses the full text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not do it just because "it was there". I think it was his intention to make the play accessible and understandable to the general observer without, as it were, disguising it. In return, he asks the spectators to do something themselves, a fair offer and a bargain. <br /> <br /> The setting is a generic European setting from the 19th century, and this works more than well a modern or ancient look that may distract from the work itself. The production design and cinematography are both outstanding, which is immensely helpful in a four-hour movie. Branagh's casting is inspired again and acting is the same. The director does the hard job of making a movie out of this movie instead of a deluxe version of a play. Since so much of 'Hamlet' is based on inner monologue, and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. But everything Branagh tries to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors, directors and directors, if not always the best, since he was with Henry V. A trifle that I had with him, I saw as a tendency to it sometimes to shame. In his portrayal of Hamlet here, he may be reproached, but there is a method that works. Let's be honest: 'Hamlet' is not an easy job for the average person, and if someone has never seen it before, he needs help, even if he has read it. Hamlet has most of the lines of a Shakespearean character, and Branagh makes sure his viewers know what this man thinks and feels throughout the movie, even if you do not know the literal meaning of every secret word. This performance by Branagh was worth at least an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding achievements that they are almost too numerous to mention, but some of them have to be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is great, but even he steps behind Kate Winslet when it comes to praising. Her portrayal of Ophelia is impressive in her emotional depth and is only highlighted by the knowledge that she was only 20 years old at the time! She looks like the best young actress to me. Other super performers in no particular order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. Honorable mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who succeeds in doing his thing. Even Billy Crystal works as a gravediggers. The one actor who is not inexplicably Jack Lemmon. He appears in the opening scene, and while the other three actors make the tense mood great, Lemmon sounds as if he's playing a rehearsal in the rehearsal. You know that this must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, since everything else screams about the films, that it is the work of a perfectionist. <br /> <br /> Do not be cumbersome talking about a four-hour movie, but it just seems a bit too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a bit further if I am so brave, and a bit of prudent trimming would be welcome. <br /> <br /> Did I forget something other than Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt I did it. To summarize, Kenneth Branagh may have made the final movie version of 'Hamlet' and it will be a truly monumental production that surpasses this version.
