Moonchild is a very difficult movie. It is easiest to imagine some snapshots of the life of the two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gangs settled in a multicultural city in the near future, and one of them is a vampire, does not exclude them from experiencing moments like other people, and this is one of the places This movie is unlike anything else I've ever heard of. The fact that one of the main characters is a vampire is not encapsulated. It's just something that needs to be treated like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are awkward relatives and tricks that should look cool and just not work. As a result, the movie feels like it's not taking yourself too seriously. <Br /> <br /> The other area I've really noticed is the languages. In the fictional city of Mallepa there are various cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they would expect. Japanese gang members speak Japanese but Chinese when speaking Chinese characters. Perhaps the most amusing exchange involves an Australian and is conducted in English. The actors of the four main characters presumably have three separate mother tongues and speak different levels of each other's language. So it's a feat that the movie was made at all. Which brings me, I think, to the main actors. <br /> <br /> Much has arisen from the fact that the film is two of Japan's biggest rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-Hom Wang. Whether it's about praising them for their acting to criticize or just talk about her. In my opinion, Lee-Hom is the best when it comes to playing a straightforward and realistic character. However, any lack of Gackt's acting abilities is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is too dramatic. I was not sure if Hyde should be as sullen and sarcastic as he saw it, but that does not affect the movie in any way. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that are more melodramatic, revolutions that made it difficult for me to emotionally influence (though many people seem to stop this). I think it's best to just enjoy the movie as it is and not to take it too seriously. He is perfect for going out and watching with a group of friends. It has its shortcomings, but on the whole it was very enjoyable and I would recommend it to anyone who does not engage in a few subtitles.
