The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees a withdrawal of Poe in the science fiction series. Karloff plays dr. Janos Rukh, the creator of a device that allows light rays to be picked up through his telescope in the Carpathians and translated into images that form a visual history of the universe. In front of several guests, including Lugosi as Dr. Benet, an astrochemical scientist who previously scoffed at Rukh's theories, demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radium X," contained in a meteor that fell to Earth some thousand years ago in the darkest of Africa. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a delicate connection - it nails mountains at a great distance and heals blindness at close range. Rukh, however, is careless and poisoning himself, he shines in the dark, similar to the old Ready Breck commercials! Dr. Benet is present to develop an antidote for the radiation, but the combination of poison and healing drives Rukh insanely paranoid. Convinced that he was cheated, he searches for the members of the expedition in Paris, including his strange wife, and his touch in his radioactive state means death ... Along the way there is an old pseudo-scientific notion that the eyes of a dead person are the image of her Mörders (a remarkably distinguishable Karloff!) And the Radium X device, with which statues are fused symbolically representing the expedition members. And even a hint of James Whale in a Cockney landlady in Paris! <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is great fun. Apart from the gothic opening, it is interesting to see how Universal moves the action to Africa and Paris. The movie lacks pace, but it is always absorbing. Karloff slightly exaggerates his performance, but Lugosi is great. In Man Made Monster, Universal once again used the basic outline of the story, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as a luminous threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a far crazier doctor than Lugosi. The Invisible Ray is a dark and smart little movie that is much to be admired. Maybe not as famous as other Universal Horrors, but it works and is very entertaining.
