The horror gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough for any genre lover to watch a movie, and even if it's the most compelling, they're not the only reason this particular little sci-fi / horror gem to see. While Lambert Hilly's "The Invisible Ray" of 1936 does not nearly match the brilliance of other contemporary films with Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Bride Of Frankenstein", "The Mummy", ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie"). "Island of Lost Souls", "Dracula", ...) or both ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...), this is undoubtedly a very entertaining movie that no cult-cinema lover is considering Compared to other images of Universal Horror, the storyline looks a bit stupid, but in a delightful way: Karloff and Lugosi of course shine as usual and the film also benefits from great landscapes and excellent photography. Karloff plays dr. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who has developed a technique to peer through a telescope into the past, and finds that a meteor struck the earth thousands of years ago Lugosi) invites him on an expedition to the meteor to find. Rukh makes a discovery that can bring both great benefits and great destruction ... It's a bit strange that the actually British Karloff plays here a Hungarian scientist, while the Hungarian Lugosi plays a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual , For me, those two horror deities would probably have been filmed reading the phonebook, and I'm sure they would have made a difference - every man is an icon of the horror genre, and seeing them together is a treat for any fan of the genre. Incidentally, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually bigger than Karloff. Frances Drake is a very good female lead in her role as a beautiful young Dr. Rukh. The rest of the performances is also good, though not worth mentioning. Apart from the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, the film's greatest qualities are probably the atmosphere through grand backdrops and photography as well as the wonderfully cheesy and entertaining storyline. My main complaint is that I would have liked more time for Lugosi and that his role would be slightly more important. He is fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully entertaining movie that will satisfy any lover of classic horror / sci-fi cinema and is a must-have for all my Lugosi / Karloff fans.
