The story of Ned Kelly is shrouded in myth and exaggeration for time reasons, and this movie is no exception. What makes Ned Kelly a permanent fixture in the story is the effort he has made to fight the policemen who are chasing him. In several battles he marched out with beaten iron plates, from which the bullets that were available to the police at that time would bounce harmlessly. In fact, just because there were some bright sparks among the Victorian police who noticed that he had not covered his legs, he was captured and hanged. The story has been told in schools and stories in Australia for so long that some changes in history have become ironically boring. The more the stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less attention people pay. <br /> <br /> Where this adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about the Kelly legend, stands out. Instead of trying to portray a Ned Kelly as callous as the armor he was wearing, the movie quickly makes him a human. The reversal of the popular legend, which shows the corruption of the Victorian police and the untenable situation of the colonists, is indeed helping to make this film stand out from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is just a person who lives in a place where, in order to be murdered, the corpse had to be the next person when a police officer found him. No, I do not think so. The only area in which the film is wrong is the exaggeration of the Irish versus the English mentality of the battles. While the Kelly gang was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where peoples of various ethnic groups have almost seamlessly merged (a scene with some Chinese migrants underlines this). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger is doing amazing work to personify Australia's most famous outlaw. Only because of the fame he has found in other films, the public is aware that it is Ledger, and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not look completely lost without his bow. Geoffrey Rush's appearance as the leader of Glenrowan's police contingent shows why he is one of the most revered actors on this lonely little island state. But it is Naomi Watts who appears as Julia Cook, who gets a bit ridiculed in this movie. Although the movie basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life, you would not know that from the minimal screen time she gets here. In fact, many of the film's hundreds and tens of minutes feel freeze-dried rather than exploratory. Once the element of police corruption is established, the movie will indeed race so fast that it almost feels hectic. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the movie's strengths are not capitalized. Rush gets little more screen time than his name in the start and end credits. The same goes for Watts, and the rest of the cast looks a bit like mannequins. I can only conclude that another fifteen or even thirty minutes of material may have corrected this. However, this leads to the other problem that the lack of any depth or background for characters other than the title hero leaves the events of the story without impact. A scene manages to make the talking good, but unfortunately everything becomes a collage of moments that, after a while, are no longer linked. If one would think that the impression of this film being a question of weeks, even days, passes between the time when Ned Kelly becomes a wanted man on behalf of a corrupt police officer and the notorious gunfight in Glenrowan. Astonishing, the process against Ned Kelly is not even shown here, but is mentioned before the guy in subtitles. <br /> <br /> Apart from some shaky camera work, Ned Kelly shows some exciting shootouts and it has a good start. That's why I rated it seven out of ten. Other critics were not so friendly, so if you're not impressed by shootings with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than a full-body armor in a colonial shootout?), You might better look elsewhere. Especially if you want to get a more factual account of Ned Kelly's life.
