Okay, notice the people who put together these horror legend DVD collections: I'm really grateful and support the initiative tremendously, but ?? Did you watch the movies before selecting them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supportive and immaterial role ("Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). However, "The Invisible Ray" is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here it is actually Boris Karloff overshadowing Bela! This would have been a great title for the Boris Karloff collection! Bela Lugosis's character is probably the most good-natured and serious he's ever portrayed in his entire career. Good old Karloff actually plays the crazy and dangerously obsessed scientist here. "The Invisible Ray" contains three main chapters. The first one in the Carpathian castle of Dr. med. Janos Rukh plays is quite boring and requires a lot of patience from the viewer, but of course the figure drawings and theme discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to some well-known colleagues (including Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial radiation in a home-made device. The scientists are truly impressed by his work and invite Rukh and his beloved wife Diane to an expedition in the heart of Africa. There, dr. Rukh from the group discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical beam, and goes completely confused after being overexposed to the meteor itself. Obviously, the third and final act is the best and most horrible one, as it is a good old-fashioned murder with ingenious gimmicks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff shines in the dark and convinces that the others want to steal his discovery and even his life if he wants to eliminate them with his deadly touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" sounds pretty complicated, but the movie is easy to follow and entertaining. The story is quite far-fetched, yet captivating, and director Lambert Hillyer gives some moments of suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and Lugosi too, although he deserves to have a little more time on screen. Their scenes together are the highlights of the movie, along with the funky images of the fiery Boris.
