Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made a lot of films together, but on the whole (interestingly enough) Karloff is usually the better man of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil head of a devil cult and Lugosi wants to take revenge on him because he has destroyed his life. However, more common is the "Black Friday", on which Karloff (for whatever reason) wants to improve brain surgery, while Lugosi is a murderous thug. In "The Raven" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmailes Karloff to support his evil plans until Karloff finally has enough. Rarely are they both negative characters. In "The Body Snatcher" kills Karloff Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception in which they are both extremely likeable but cross each other is this 1936 film, which I feel has rarely been the acceptance of some of the other films I have mentioned was achieved. This is Dr. Janos Rukh von Karloff a stubborn scientific genius derided by the "official scientific community" because he believed that a rare form of radium in Nigeria is on a meteorite landed centuries ago. He finally received the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and he has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Phil. Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukh's young wife Diane (Frances Drake) and a friend and protégée of Stevenses named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before leaving, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he may be looking for wisdom he should not and it may end in tragedy. He tries to refuse, but he worries about what she says, his scientific status, and whether he will receive his due recognition or not. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds the substance, but is infected by its remarkable radioactivity. He finds out that he is slowly burning, and when he tries to touch people or animals, they die. He has actually established a friendship or understanding with Benet, who finds out a kind of radioactive combat cocktail for Rukh, with whom he can face the danger. However, there are two things that are unbeatable here. The antidote can only last a certain amount of time and must be replenished. And the radioactivity hit Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately, encouraged by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is equally annoyed that he (because of his death, as if he had died - the effects of radioactivity are so) Benet and some others collect the kudos of miracles that "Radium X" gives to humans. Soon Rukh is on a murderous raid that destroys many lives and ends with his own. <br /> <br /> The film has certainly taken up science to some degree. Madame Curie recently died of cancer from her work with Radium. Few understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but an idea of ​​it came to light. The murder of Rukh causes the newspapers to talk about a "curse" on the expedition. With the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (on the African continent) for a hidden treasure that was buried centuries ago and titled by an Englishman, we naturally entered archeology, not physics or geology (Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to clarify the cause of the death, and returns to an idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel Murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered that the retina of several of the dead victims be photographed to see if the last image on the retina was Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he got only the photos of the retina of dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in 1899 in his novel "The Brothers Kip," and Dr. Benet it. Since this is a science fiction story, he finds the image of Rukh on the record, but Benet accidentally drops the record and it breaks. <br /> <br /> The film is good for many reasons, most interesting A change Karloff and Lugosi are not sympathetic to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing in their other films. The other performances are also good, especially Mrs. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as Basil Rathbone's frightening sister (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield." Here, her last act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say that she did not hurt her more than her target.
