Undoubtedly, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi in the 1930s were a sure guarantee of excellence in high quality horror movies. After being Universal's first monster in the legendary classic "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became an absolute horror villain thanks to his elegant style and foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor would make him look typographic in the 1940s). In the same way, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" became the man he sought when searching for a good monster. Of course, it was natural for these icons to clear the screen, and the movie that brought them together was "The Black Cat" in 1934. This formula would repeat itself in several films in the last ten years. Director Lambert Hillyer's mix of horror and science fiction, "The Invisible Ray," is one of the lesser classics of those years. <br /> <br /> In "The Invisible Ray," Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff), is a brilliant scientist who invented a device that can show scenes from the past of our planet, captured in rays of light coming from the galaxy of Andromeda. When she met his colleague, Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), having discovered his invention, discover that thousands of years ago a meteorite was hit in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh, with his colleagues on an expedition to Africa, in search of the landing site of the mysterious meteorite. This expedition is not beneficial to Rukh as his wife Diane (Frances Drake) falls in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton) during the expedition, an experienced hunter whom the Stevens have brought with them to help with their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on this journey as he will be changed forever after being exposed to the meteor's invisible beam. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (for whom the script was previously written) "The Werewolf of London"), "The Invisible Ray" had its roots in an original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges , Considering that this was a movie starring Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of emphasis on the horror side of his story by playing very effectively with the crazy scientist archetype and adding a good dose of melodrama to spice things up. One element that sets "The Invisible Ray" apart from other horror films of the time is the way Colton plays through history with morality. That is, there are not exactly heroes and villains in the classic style, but people who make decisions and are later confronted with the consequences of those decisions. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy of obsession, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> As an experienced director of low-budget B films, filmmaker Lambert Hillyer had the opportunity to make three films Universal Pictures when the legendary studio was in serious financial trouble. Thanks to his experience with limited resources, Hillyer's films were always very good despite the budget constraints and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. While not resembling the stylish gothic atmosphere of earlier universal horror films, Hillyer's film effectively captures the essence of the Colton script, giving it a dark and morbid mood that is more likely to be found in pulp novels than in uncomplicated science fiction. Mood goes along. Finally, a word has to be said about Hillyer's use of special effects: they look much better for a movie with an extremely low budget than in some A-films of the time. <br /> <br /> As usual in A movie starring Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of these legends are of exceptional quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his portrayal of a man who is so blinded by devotion to his work that he does not see the evil he unleashes. As his colleague Dr. Benet is simply delighted to watch Bela Luogis stealing every scene he's in and showing what an underrated actor he was. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective and really helps her character become more than just a girl in need. Two of the film highlights, however, are the appearances of Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as the two actresses use their limited screen time optimally and make their supporting roles unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but it's no surprise compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> Judging this film by today's standards, it can easily be dismissed as another cheap sci-fi movie with bad special effects and careless pseudoscience. However, this would be a mistake as it is remarkably well-done despite its low budget for its time. Moreover, given that the film was made at the beginning of atomic time and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, the notions of the dangers of radioactivity are alarmingly accurate. One last thing that should be highlighted is the interesting way in which the script handles the relationships between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exist between the obsessed dr. Rukh and the cold Dr. Benet exists because it allows great scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> While the Gothic expressionism of "Frankenstein" films and the elegant suspense of "The Black Cat" are nowhere nearer, Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely a small classic in the catalog of Universal Pictures horror films , With one of the most interesting screenplays of the '30s horror, this mix of suspense, horror, and science fiction is a highly underrated gem that delivers a good dose of entertainment, thanks to two of the most amazing actors the horror genre ever had: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8.10
