Karloff and Lugosi - together again! This is one of those movies that overtake occasional fans and tend to be less appreciated. It's not a total horror movie like the duo's last two hits, The Black Cat and The Raven. However, it is worthy for both talents and is a funny movie if visited again. The Invisible Ray was directed by Lambert Hillyer, a director who was mainly Western, but strange in those last days of the year. When the Laemmles ruled Universal, he found himself sharing this and the latest horror film of Laemmles, Dracula's daughter, reigned. Both are crisp, pure fantasies that contain very little horror content despite the fantastic elements. <br /> <br /> Just when Lugosi got wild at The Raven, you have to say a lot about Karloff's Hamming in The Invisible Ray. One particularly unsatisfying aspect of the story is that Karloff's character Rukh looks so insane before he gets poisoned by Radium X, that does not change much after the glow. This is very similar to the people's complaint about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - he's basically an idiot right from the start. There is no real transformation. The same applies here. Halfway, Karloff just has an extra reason for revenge in his head. I still enjoyed his performance, just as I made Lugose's overkill in The Raven. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Lugosi surprises you completely and gives a restrained and thoughtful turn as Rukh's rival in science. Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best lines of the film, including a memorable warning to the police trying to catch Rukh, and I'm in touch with horror filmwriter John Soister - "And if he (Rukh) touches someone?" The inspector asks. Lugosi hesitantly responds that only Lugosi can deliver "die". Just as Lugosi might be, he could be more perfect than any actor. This is one of those moments. <br /> <br /> So, the interactions of Karloff and Lugosi are all very good as we cut Karloff's crazy antics against the cool logic of Lugosi. Karloff would play many similar crazy scientists, but one wishes that Lugosi would have had straighter roles like these. He had only one chance left (Ninotchka). <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is a fun movie and a real treat for the true Karloff and Lugosi fans. It's one of those movies that gets improved at every sight, not because it's a masterpiece, but because of its stars' charisma and talent, and how that story complements the darker, more terrifying pairings they had. The special effects of the ever-innovative John Fulton are great and the supporting actors are all sufficient. Frances Drake looks just as beautiful as Mad Love and plays a strong woman, which is rare in classic horror movies. The scene at the end, when Karloff pursues her and does not scream, is one of the film's most intense moments. A terrific, funny movie!
