I am sure that not many people outside of Australia have ever heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about the man, but that's the only time I've seen or heard anything about him. I think that this will be the biggest problem facing this movie. Nobody knows anything about it and probably not many people will be interested in the topic. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived all his life northwest of Victoria, but has never been much welcomed by the authorities. The police always blame him for anything they can think of and they constantly harass his family. When Kelly is fed up, he makes a gang with his brother and two other men. They rob banks and even kidnap a whole city for three days. All these acts of violence lead to police-organized hunting, and if three police officers are killed, they are unlawful. Finally, they take over a pub in Glenrowan, where they celebrate a party with all the visitors and wait for a train full of police to derail part of the route they have torn open. But the train can stop on time because someone warns him. What follows is a fight for life and death between the police and the four gunmen. What is shown in the film is true or false. I think no one really knows, because there will always be two camps, each one telling its own truth: One camp says he's a hero, a kind of Robin Hood, the others will say he's an ordinary criminal, one Murderer and a thief was. I really can not tell you which one of them is right, maybe it's both, but I can tell you that the facts in the movie and the documentation are about the same. <br /> <br /> This film was a nice complement to the documentary I once saw, and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, and Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even the lesser-known actors show in this production that they all know what good acting should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and give it 7.5 / 10
