After borrowing this movie from the local library a few weeks ago and planning to see it on or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally saw Sayonara this morning. In this game Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general who was raised in a certain way. He was transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) is currently located. Before he leaves, he tries to convince one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to marry the Japanese Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), as this violates the fraternization laws of the military. With the romance between him and Eileen, Ace not only becomes the best man at Joe and Katsumi's wedding, he falls in love with an Asian after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go to town to watch the headlining entertainer Hana. ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself is one of the dancers, Fumiko-san (Reiko Cuba). Eileen himself seems to have a liking for one of the Kabuki performers, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I'll quit right there and say that this was a mostly compelling drama about the prejudices about romanticism in America and Asia, which were very touching from start to finish. Even if you've seen how Hispanic Montalban played Oriental, that's not too embarrassing (although it's a good thing his role is short). And there are some nice touches, like the head of Brando, who hits the inside of Button's and Umekis more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves earn their Oscars especially with their defiant and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before being televised in his legendary role in "Marverick", is fine in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka shows great restraint in her initial characterization as an anti-American. While I've read that there have been some changes to James Michener's novel, I can not imagine director Josha Logan, who had previously incorporated another Michener work into the Broadway musical "South Pacific," and eventually turned that into a movie would remain true to the original source. He certainly gave the inspiration for the final scenes that made the heartbreaking earlier tragedy of the film a somewhat necessary conspiracy. Some of the production numbers may have made the film a bit more boring, but otherwise Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience of the fifties that permeated America and Japan at the time.
