There are only a few films that make me feel like Gregor Jordan's "Ned Kelly" movie did that. Initially, I only heard half-hearted recommendations and decided to see it for myself. Since then, I've acquired both the video and the soundtrack, and I have to say that after several visits I'm still very impressed with the underlying character of this movie. It's also wonderful to see something Australian! I appreciate its down to earth quality, if you ask me it's a rarity, as well as the lack of stickiness that so many films take away. This movie proves that you do not need fancy costumes and a glamorous set where you can see how many millions of dollars you make. The cast was a bonus, including a variety of well-known, and I would like to add, good-looking people who did well to slip into the role of these unique characters. It is interesting to note that the criticism of this film is mainly focused on who played what and how they said so many lines. However, when criticized, it should constructively focus on excluding some basic elements of the original events. In fact, they functioned to be the hallmark of Australian history. On closer inspection, for example, it can be stated that the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt was much, much more, and that this was actually responsible for much more end result of the gang than was being investigated in the gang movie. It was also overlooked that it was not just Aaron Sheritt's efforts by the Victorian police that provided insight into the emerging mystery. Yes, this is their interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes the alteration of the original plot to attract the viewer's attention. I feel that this is the only restriction in this case. However, I can confess that historical accuracy may only be of importance to those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. It certainly inspired me to take a closer look. So look at it and decide for yourself. You may not like it at all, that's your opinion and that's fine. Maybe it's a movie that appeals to an Australian audience. For me, I would call it fresh wind!
