Since I read bad reviews and learned from friends that they could not believe how bad it was, I did not see this movie in the movies. After seeing it on DVD, I have to say that I regret it now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I would say it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> People have skulls thicker than Ned's helmet when they see such a movie and expect it to be a documentary. If you look at the actual story behind most films based on historical figures, there is usually a big difference between the fact and the fictional representation. I do not believe that Ganghis Kahn was ever portrayed in the vicinity of historical facts. What kind of man Ned Kelly actually was is a matter of debate, and that seems pretty passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories tell as much about those who tell and hear them as about the character itself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because it represents that aspect of Australian culture that does not accept or accept authority , A society in which there is no contradiction or challenge to authority is crazier and more dangerous than any other Bushranger. So unless you expect this to be an exact replica of the historic Kelly gang, I found it surprisingly unencumbered and refreshing. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately not as cheesy as it could have been; For my fellow Australians you will see "The Lighthorseman" and you will see what I mean (it is a pity how this story was treated so badly). Perhaps the love affairs business in other areas, such as shooting the soldiers, could have gone a bit further into detail. Ironically, I really enjoyed the movie because it would be the details that would focus most of Ned's story on it. And it is the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different views of different historians. <br /> <br /> This film has always had difficulty making a compromise by focusing on a global film market (to pay the pills) and the legend as it means to the Australians; Maybe it's a bit of Ned's ghost in this movie because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately missed both goals. Fortunately, it provided a pleasing feature of a movie. For me it was an unexpected movie about Ned and that's why I liked it. The performance of Orlando Bloom has done a lot for the movie as well - he has really added something. I think he would have enjoyed being the monster instead of the pretty elf for a change. If you are considering other films that are far worse than this one, you should reconsider your opinion on this film. Send this to Christmas for Christmas instead of Croc Dundee or The Man from Snowy River.
