It must have been several years after its release, so you do not know why it was in the cinema. But as a kid I enjoyed it. I just found a VHS cassette from Superman and the Mole Men at the flea market and decided to see them again (it's been many years). I did not expect much, now I knew how the B movies were made back then. But I was pleasantly surprised that the film was well worth seeing and the acting was outstanding by all. The usual action in these films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman went from sequence to sequence and in the beginning could have kicked all their butts, because then the story would be over, right? OK, the mule costumes were hokey and not very scary (they did not even scare me as a kid). However, considering the likely low budget for background and costumes, this was a good job for all. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Old Ranger from the Death Valley Days and many supporting roles in TV Westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old pop and has always been a great supporting actor in more movies than I can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also familiar faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl as Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the moles were also famous. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, the Munchkin who presented the lollipop to Dorothy, was in a soap-field episode and plenty of other work. Billy Curtis played a memorable role with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter. He was one of the friends the star had met in Incredible Shrinking Man. He had a role in a movie I had just taken with Rita Hayworth at a flea market called My Gal Sal, Wizard of Oz and many other parts - great actor. John Brambury was also a munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was unquestionably wonderful in the role and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He played the strong man very well. All in all, I said that because of the cast and writing, this movie pays off when dealing with a pretty bland idea for a movie. But it was the 1950s and everything was possible, from space invaders to mouthworms from outer space. It is definitely worth seeing, there is no bad actor in the group. Whoever composed the cast was very, very happy to bring so many gifted actors into a B-type movie. Some already had a wealth of experience and some were getting a wealth of experience - but all were gifted. So if you have the opportunity to watch the movie, forget the dumb costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is it a bird? Is it an airplane? No, just a good, old-fashioned movie to enjoy!
