I looked at this during a summer in the mid-1990s when my parents subscribed to these channels, either on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax. I found it several times in different parts and always found it dark, bizarre and fascinating. I was young then, in my early teens; And after I discovered the great Arliss Howard and was blown away by "Big Bad Love," I bought the "Wild Napalm" DVD and looked at it again with my friend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and affected. Within camera movements and cinematography, there are so many dynamic fluid complexities and wisdom; All this perfect with the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three main characters, their story, the music and all the other actors. It's really "Cinematic". I love Arliss Howard's subtle intensity, ambivalent power and hidden intelligence. I'm a big fan of everything he does. and his interaction with Debra Winger's manic joy (they are, of course, married) has this enchanting reality that passes by the camera. (I wonder if they are watching this on wedding days ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it, it's brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid is in full swing Clown makeup, deceitfully inserted, angled, hidden and displayed by the selection of images, and delivery with full bloom is a kind of darker darker film that you do not often see. Anyway, Quaid always had an eerie quality to me, with that huge, slit corner of his mouth hiding behind his flickering eyes, to unleash itself either as a mischievous charm or as a devilish weirdness (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have the insane fire behind them to deliver their wonderful, intense gunslingers in a dark, cool way. In fact, the entire movie has a dark cool energy and hip intensity. It's really a fantastic movie made up of intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry of all involved. I really can not imagine how this was funded, and it seems quite expensive to me through such a conventional system without imagination, but I thank God films like this that the system occasionally glides through the system. In a great way, with all the brightly lit carnival colors, the hip intelligence, the dark distorted honest humor, and the rousing chemistry, it reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Big Pointe Blank" ...... Well That's a compliment in my book!
