At the height of the "Celebrity Big Brother" racism dispute in 2007 (involving Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I condemned "C.B.B." in an Internet forum. Fans who praised the show for years after beating up "racist" 70s sitcoms like "Curry & Chips" & "Love Thy Neighbor" for years. I thought they were hypocritical and said it. "It's not half a hot mum," was then thrown into the argument, and some pointed out that an English actor had been blacked out. Yes, but Michael Bates had lived as a boy in India and spoke fluent Urdu. The critics of the show overlook the reality he has brought as a carrier "Rangi Ram". Well-known Indian character actor Renu Setna said in a 1995 documentary "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms" that he was angry when he heard that Bates had landed the role. However, he added, "No Indian actor could have played this role so well, Bates." Indeed. <br /> <br /> "Mum" was Perry and Croft's accompanying show in "Dad's Army"; The tranquil English town of Walmington-On-Sea was also embedded in wartime and was replaced by the hot, steaming jungle of India, especially at a place called Deolali, where an army concert party for the troops, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first sitcom role since 'Doctor In Charge'), Camp Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Diminutive Gunner 'Lofty Sugden,' Lah de-Dah ', Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (the late Christopher Mitchell). The chairman of this gang of abuses was the martial sergeant Major Williams (the brilliant Windsor Davies), who regarded them all as "poofs". His frustration that he could not lead his men into the jungle to fight the enemy in battle made him bitter and bullying (though he was kind to Parkins, whom he considered his illegitimate son!). Then there were English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like a wise old man talking to the camera at the beginning of every show and closing it with obscure Hindu proverbs. He loved being so much a carrier that he considered himself virtually British. His friends were tea-making Char Wallah (the late Dino Shafeek, who later spoke "Mind Your Language") and the rope pulling Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So real Indians in the show - another point that critics ignore. Shafeek also did what was described in the credits as "vocal interruptions" (similar to the 1940s songs used as accompaniment in "Dad Army.") Each issue ended with a crashing "Land of Hope & Glory ", just from a" Shut Up! "By Williams.The outstanding opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although" Dad Army "was not quite equal in public," Mum "was so popular that he could run a total of eight seasons, and in 1975 Davies and Estelle took the charts with a cover version of the old 'Whispering Grass' and recorded a whole album of old chestnuts titled (what else?) "Sing Lofty!" <br /> <br /> Three years later, the show went into crisis when Bates died of cancer, and instead of rewriting the role of Rangi, the authors simply forgot him Layton left, the character of "Gloria" took his place as "Bombadie r "and thus provided another source of the comedy. The last issue in 1981 brought the soldiers to India by boat to Blighty, the Char, to leave Wallah watched with great sadness (as well as the audience). <br /> <br /> There were few reps (especially at UK Gold), all because of its so-called "dodgy" reputation. That's strange. For one thing, the show was not specifically about racism. If a black and white man is so wrong, why is David Lean's movie "A Passage to India" (1984) still being shown on television? (Alec Guinness was introduced as Indian and won two Oscars!). It was derived from Jimmy Perry's own experience. Some characters were based on real people (the sergeant major really referred to his men as "poofs"). I think it is right if you publish the story on TV. The rehabilitation of the past, no matter how unappetizing it may seem to the modern public, is fundamentally dishonest. 'Mum' was funny and true, and the audience saw that. I thank heaven for D. V., I say. Time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I will not talk in this jungle!"
