Written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best program ever by Dad's Army, this war commission was not as good as Dad's army, but still very, very funny. It's about a concert band in India. Most of the episodes involved BSM Williams (Windsor Davies), who tried to get the concert party, which he called a pile of puffs, and set up the jungle. He was always unsuccessful as the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the concert party. The concert party consisted of Bombadier Solomans, Ginger Rogers impersonator Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), trained pianist Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner "Lofty" Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was pretty much wrong), the great eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans, and an animal imitator (Kenneth MacDonald), he was not a Percy Edwards. The loyal Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates) was also heavily involved in the adventures, with Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) giving Ram wonderful support. <br /> <br /> The show, just like Dad's army has left many buzz words. Rangi Ram used to say to his Punkah Wallah, "Do not be such a cunning Dickie," and ended many shows by saying, "Here's a very old Hindu saying, if a woman has an affair with the best friend, hear that not on your house before the fire "However, it was Williams who had the most sayings. He always shouted "Shuddup !!!!!", said "Oh dear, how sad, does not matter" and when he talked to Gunner Graham, he was always talking sarcastically in a posh accent. <br /> <br /> This show does not enjoy the same recognition as Dad's Army. This is probably due to a matter of taste: this is felt to be raw. Williams is homophobic and calls his men "puffs," though it has to be said that Williams is bored. Some people also believe that humor is a racist element, using the fact that Michael Bates was blacked out for Rangi Ram (although Bates was born in India and spoke Urdu before speaking English), the BBC did Feeling is getting a bit nervous getting dressed, even though the vast majority of people who actually watched the show would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and they were not offended at all and I agreed that was a very funny show. When I see an episode for the first time, I'll probably laugh more than any other sitcom, but when I see it for the second time, I do not laugh too much, but no matter how many times I see Dad's army, I often laugh in a row. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: The Road to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
