7, if you are a child, 6 if you claim to be an adult. This half-sequence of the Lion King looks at the minor characters Timone and Pumba and tells the original story through their eyes, including the story of their encounter. In the great tradition of Disney inferior sequels are made and occasionally television series with the adventures of smaller characters of their biggest hits. You may be as skeptical as you would like to be, but children and fans of the show may not be interested in it. There are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure that this is one of the few above-average sequels. This is due to the charm of the popular protagonists, the fast pace, the jokes of the first movie, and for older viewers, there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as ever, albeit a little less extravagant than the original, but the plot here is all about Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first movie that often stopped in the middle of the movie to joke about parts of it, like a real crowd. We see Timone almost knocked out, he does not feel right and decides to look over what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way he meets Pumba, another outcast and they become friends. Soon they meet Simba, a lion cub, a natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his own fate and leave the group, the others must decide whether and how to help or not. Of course, the usual Disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good versus evil, etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels and makes it smarter than an average animated film. As the CG movies appear, Disney's traditional form has to get smarter, but not forget the roots that have made it popular. Toy Story and everything that has come since then was smart and has jokes for all ages, and so the market seems to be changing. However, there will always be a place for films like this, and you can not go wrong if you buy this for the teenagers. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 points
