The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little to do with the source novel written by Stephen King, but is widely known as one of the best cinematic interpretations of the Dread Master. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's masterful direction and Jack Nicholson's cool acting. Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter months, untouched by the cruel stories surrounding the place: he claims a beautiful, isolated place is just what he does need to finish his new book. Therefore, the Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). Especially the boy feels from the beginning that something is wrong. He has learned from chef Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, titular shining, that allows people like him and Dick to see lightning from the past and the future, among others. Because of this "gift," the forces that inhabit the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, though he is quite capable of resisting them. However, this is not the case of Jack, as he becomes increasingly paranoid with regard to his wife's affection and seeks comfort in society, which can best be defined as spirits, triggering a chain of madness and fear that is very difficult to achieve break is <br /> The Shining looks like a horror movie because Kubrick, although he has never worked on such a film, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence the greater focus on atmosphere and psychological shocks than bloody and creative Bloodbaths. King criticized the director for having changed most of the story and omitted most of Jack / Danny's subplot (just hinted at in the movie), which led to the book's emotionally powerful climax, and though his disappointment was valid indeed, the omission was necessary: ​​the novel was about redemption, albeit in an unconventional way, and salvation is an issue for which Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, never had a weakness. What interests him is the mental and later physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and he maintains the scary tone also thanks to a very cold approach and the knowledgeable use of the steadicam shot. <br /> <br /> Another review, which King had brought up concerned the actors, especially Nicholson: In his opinion, at the beginning of the film, his trademark suggested that Jack was already crazy and thus undermined the rest of the film's story. Well, it's true that Nicholson looks a bit stupid from the beginning, but it is equally true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) probably would not have been able to perform as scary a feat as the Nicholson: from now on He begins, in a more disturbing way than before, to the immortal "Here's Johnny!" In the scene, it is impossible to imagine another actor playing this role, and although the 1997 TV version of The Shining is not bad, the Torrance character is indelible with the One Flea over the Cuckoo's Nest star connected. As far as Duvall and Lloyd are concerned, both offer great support. The latter, along with Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment earn a place as big horror kids icons of the cinema. One can complain that Duvall is totally different from the bookmate (blonde and beautiful) and has little else to do but scream and run, but two things should be considered: a) In 1980, the cliché "Screaming Queen " one more thing; b) Rarely has an actress in front of the camera really looked so scared that the differences between the book and the film are secondary to the true fear that develops from Wendy's eyes. Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said there is no absolutely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the freedoms Danny Boyle had when his junkie masterpiece was put on the screen), but that does not mean that the movie is necessarily bad. The Shining proves the point to perfection: very little from the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson's hands, this master class in loose cinematic translation to one of the most beautiful, most original horror images of all time. which really says something, given the current bad shape of the genre.
