Sometimes this conquers The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is the more efficient and entertaining film, Kubricks is more artistic, thought-provoking, and probably more frightening. It's one of the few films where I can overlook its weaknesses and truly love it. I'm not trying to compare it to the book? what I only read once a few years ago and what scared me to death ?? because the two, apart from the story and the characters, obviously do not have much in common. It's almost as if Kubrick relies on the love of the novel to make his movie more appalling. And so it certainly is one of the most interesting book customizations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror movies. <br /> <br /> What makes the movie so frightening is not the fear, the jump, not the blood and blood, not the different ghosts that pop up from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about Nicholson's cast in that role, saying it's obvious he's going crazy in the movie given his previous roles and looks. I do not agree with you. We know that he will go crazy? have most of us read the book? and Jack's appearance only promotes that idea. But it's the way he acts in the beginning that really scares us. He is calm, calm and patient. He has a weak conversation with the hotel managers and even with his own family. And with a woman and a son as irritating as his, it's a small miracle he can do it. As soon as he comes to the overlook, he changes. He gets irritated, angry and nervous. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts typing and completely loses it by telling her to "leave him alone". This is the first F-bomb that has fallen into the movie, and it's a shock to the system. From then on, all bets are off. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I love are the varied interpretations of the movie. We're never really sure if what we see actually happens. Many critics have noticed that when Jack talks to a ghost, there is a mirror that shows he can talk to himself as well. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the climax of the movie until she is led through the many ghostly residents of the hotel. However, she is aware that something is wrong while Danny contacts the place almost immediately. His psychic powers are out of the question? How else would Hallorann know that he should come to the hotel? ?? But does he ever see one of the spirits his parents testify? It's easy to argue that Jack just loses it, is trapped in a hotel with his family, and Wendy does it later? Seeing your husband try to kill you with an ax will do that? but what about Danny? It seems his body was taken over by Tony, but how do we know that? None of these characters is a reliable witness. Hallorann would be likely, and he warns of the dangers, but he'll be killed as soon as he arrives in the Overlook (a fear that Kubrick creates by playing on the supporters of the novel's supporters). And this last shot. Has there ever been a more enigmatic ending in the cinema? Was Jack really there before? Or was his body just absorbed in the hotel? When talking about acting in this film, every discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in film history? probably on purpose to give Jack's character more reason to catch? and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is a powerhouse. Partial method, partly improvisation, he is both scary and appealing. For good or bad he is the character we identify with, not the annoying boy or the distressing woman. We all want to have a hotel for a season and be able to do whatever we want. Who cares if it is tracked? Of course the technical aspects are great. Kubrick's long takes, strange angles and bizarre pictures all add to the horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long corridors and all other motifs only reinforce this. And do not even let me do that. I do not know if the movie would be half as scary without this haunting electronic tune. His strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the entire film itself. I know King does not like this movie, but King's input in the movies is nothing special. However great a novelist he may be, his screenplays are awful and his directing efforts are better left unnoticed. This is not a very faithful book adaptation, but it does not have to be and should not be. Part of the film's horror is that the viewer does not have the book he can access; There is no comforting source material. Kubrick masterfully changes the narrative to scare the audience even more. If only for that, this is one of the most innovative films in every genre. And beyond that, there is everything else.
