The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson), who travels to a remote hotel called "Overlook" high in the mountains of Colorado to interview the winter caretaker with his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson). Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the hotel's basic services, but will be isolated from the rest of the world for nearly six months as the harsh winter sets in. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his little son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to the hotel and at first everything seems to be all right. It is a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and everything you need is at your disposal. The Overlook Hotel, however, has a dark past when a former janitor killed his entire family before committing suicide. Danny has the ability to "shine," meaning that he has psychic powers that make him see things that "ordinary" people can not see. As the days, weeks and months pass, Jack gets madder and Danny 'still sees' things and people, while Wendy gets desperate because she has no idea what's going on with her family when a heavy snowstorm puts her in a trap Jack finally loses it ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, co-produced & directed by Stanley Kubrick & is a great horror movie. It seems that The Shining is another movie, available in two different versions. The film I'm going to comment on is the shorter European cut, which lasts almost two hours. The script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson is based on the novel by Stephen King, which I did not read, so I can not compare it. He prefers psychological horror rather than visualization with just one murder throughout the movie. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy & Danny, the only ones who are really important as the movie focuses on taking care of them almost exclusively, dealing with them and what they go through. The tempo is a bit slow, but this is a movie that has not felt that long and that you are always interested in. On the negative side, I do not think the reasons why Jack went crazy and wanted to kill his family were strong enough to convince me. The fact that Jack escapes from the freezer without explanation bothers me, and I do not know if I've missed it, but that end made no sense at all to me. I'm still trying to figure out what this picture is about! There's very little violence or gore, a few rotten zombie packs and someone is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that does not have to rely on blood and special effects because of its gripping story. With a budget of about $ 19,000,000, The Shining is technically flawless, as you would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick. The cinematography is brilliant and offers fantastic, flowing and soft steadicam recordings. The sets look absolutely real and instead of clichéd old ghost house themes like dark corners, basements and cobwebs, Kubrick brings things out with brightly lit hallways, massive open sprawling rooms and a modern decor to the cutting edge of the red toilet!). Acting is good for everyone involved, although the little kid, as usual in horror films, is very annoying and Nicholson looks crazy from the start. The Shining is a gripping movie I liked to see, though I'm not sure I'll be watching it again soon. For those looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you'll be disappointed, for those looking for a good Haunted horror with a strong history, I think The Shining is for you.
