A series of random, seemingly insignificant thefts in her sister's boarding school have pretty upset Miss Lemon. A ring, light bulbs, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe? There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason for any of this. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to investigate the matter. But what Poirot sees is far scarier than Miss Lemon could have imagined. And the fears of Poirot are confirmed when one of the students living in boarding school is murdered. It is up to Poirot to bring a murderer to justice. <br /> <br /> The Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid, but not spectacular entry into the long-standing Poirot series. I appreciate how true the script of the original story of Agatha Christie is. I realize that certain freedoms have to be taken, but I still appreciate the effort. The main points of the mystery are all there? The little thefts, the boarding house, the students, the ripped backpack, and of course, Poirot's ability to see something sinister before it actually happens. With few exceptions, the occupation of the students is almost as I imagined them. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd stand out in the group. As vicious as I am to David Suchet's Poirot, I get a real kick out of the episodes with Phillip Jackson's Inspector Japp and Pauline Moran's Miss Lemon. This episode is a real treat as Miss Lemon gets more screen time than usual. Finally, I enjoyed using the ubiquitous mouse as an observer of the activities in the hostel. It's a fun little game titled Hickory Dickory Dock. <br /> <br /> As I was reviewing Hickory Dickory Dock, I realized the enormous impact Agatha Christie's work had on the highly stylized Italian mystery films or Gialli's 60s and 70s. Take the murder of Mrs Nicoletis as an example. If you were to improve the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something from a Giallo of the early '70s. In fact, the entire storyline of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Giallo. It's just complicated and interesting enough to have worked.
