Sometimes it takes a filmmaker like Kubrick to bring along that extra something, the unique, untraceable and elusive ingredient that turns a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece for all time. <br /> <br /> It's not just the story of Stephen King, who has enough meat and potatoes, making it difficult even for the most accomplished directors to overlook them. Heck, even King himself was not so bad. It's how Kubrick perceives König's universe, how he transforms the page into screen time, which makes THE SHINING both a visual feast and a compact master class in the direction. Kubrick's Miss-en scene is as usual. Great. The film continues at a lively, sharp, lively pace, though it is neither fast nor heavy and lasts no less than 160 minutes. The camera wanders through the lavish corridors of the Overlook Hotel as if it were some kind of mystical labyrinth for exploration, where linear tracking shots show the immaculately decorated interiors in all their glory. There is a symmetrical and geometric approach, as Kubrick perceives the space, which reminds me a lot of the work of Japanese directors in the sixties. As if what is being portrayed does not matter how all the different elements within the framework are balanced. <br /> <br /> Certain pictures are definitely noticeable. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied by the blows of a ball in front of the screen, like drums of sinking, coming from another floor or being produced by the typewriter itself, as if it were an instrument of destruction alone, later turned out to be nothing just that. A red river flows in slow motion through the lifts of the hotel. Jack hits the door with the ax, the camera moves with him and tracks the action as it passes, instead of remaining static, as if the camera is piercing the door rather than the ax. The ultra-fast zoom into the child's face pushed us into his head before we see the two dead girls from his POV. And of course the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> There has been much talk of Jack Nicholson's intrusive exaggeration. His madness is not quite successful because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy looks half crazy anyway. Making him crazy makes him an exaggerated caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired castings Kubrick ever had. She came from a series of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the 1970s (3 WOMEN, THIEF like US, NASHVILLE) and brings her character the right amount of fragility and emotional stress. A terrific and very underrated actress.
