The Shining, do you know what's funny about this movie? This is the movie that anyone who claims to dislike horror movies will always say that The Shining is a terrific movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story of madness and blood. This is just an incredible movie, and whether you've seen it or not, you've heard of it, know a few lines of it and know some of the classic pictures. Who could Jack's "Here's Johnny!" To forget? Who could forget that "All Work and No Play makes Jack a boring boy"? Who could forget this terrible end? This is the movie that is memorable, and frankly, this is Kubrick's best work. I know that there are many arguments in this department, many people say that it is 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if these films pioneered filming, then The Shining perfected it. This is the story of isolation, madness, frightening images and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny and Jack's wife Wendy arrive at Overlook Hotel on the last day. Older African-American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by telepathically speaking to him and offering him ice cream. He tells Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; They called the communication "brilliant". Danny asks if there's anything to fear in the hotel, especially in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" and many memories that are not all good, and advises him to get out of the room 237 in all circumstances. Danny's curiosity for Room 237 is finally defeated when he sees the room open. Danny appears injured and visibly traumatized when Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Wendy sees that Jack has abused Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel's Gold Room, where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny frantically calls out the word "Redrum" and scribbles it on walls. He goes into a trance and retires; He now says he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend". Jack sabotages the hotel radio and interrupts communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic call for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has typed endless pages of the manuscript, repeating, "All work and no game makes Jack a boring kid," which is formatted in several ways. Terrified Jack threatens her and she hits him with a baseball bat unconscious and locks him in a locker in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the locker door, whereupon he unlocks it. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "murder". Jack reaches for an ax and starts hacking through the door to his family's living quarters. "Here's Johnny!", And Jack's legendary image is born. <br /> <br /> The Shining is one of those films you really need to spend time on, an incredible movie that still gives me nightmares. The performance of Jack Nicholson is timeless and unforgettable. But I feel extremely overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene where she finds Jack Rant All Work. This is a shocked look and you can see that there is fear in her face after her husband realizes that she is crazy. Another unbelievable scene is that when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bath, this is one of the most terrifying scenes in horror cinema. The reason why this movie is so well-known is that it is a film of perfection, it was shown on The Simpsons, it was shown in other films and it will stay with you forever if you see it, trust me , <br /> <br /> 10/10
