Okay, okay, maybe not the best. I mean, the exorcist and psycho and some others are hard to miss, but The Shining is high up. However, it is by far the best story of Stephen King, which was made into a movie. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (though not as scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better than Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just barely) and yes, it's better as The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I do not care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick searched novels at home to look for a movie that could make a good movie, and from the other room his wife heard a pounding About every half hour noise as he threw books against the wall in frustration. After all, she did not hear a sound for nearly two hours, and when she wanted to see if he had died in his chair or something (I'm telling this with due respect, of course), she focused on a book he held in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thankfully, because he turned that book into one of the best horror movies of all time. Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of the story, from a man taking his wife and son to a secluded hotel to monitor it during the extremely isolated winter while working on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his great performances as Jack Torrance (in how many films was Jack in which he plays a character called Jack?) As well as for the flawless delivery of several now famous lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !!). '). It is thanks to Shelley Duvall that he has given a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's desire to kill them. It is thanks to Stanley Kubrick that he gave this outstanding story its unmistakable touch, and whoever the casting director was, can also thank him for absorbing the scariest twins on the planet for the role of the murdered girls One of the most important aspects of this film, which is necessary for the entire story, is its isolation, and it is impeccable. The film begins with a long scene of Jack following Jack as he drives to the old hotel for his interview to discuss the caretaker's job for the winter. Immediately after, Jack and his family follow the winding mountain road up to the hotel. This time, the scene mixes with shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick crept a quick suggestion about the evil of television, while Wendy expresses her concern that she might speak of cannibalism before Danny. Who says it's okay because he's already seen it on TV ("See, it's okay, he saw it on TV."). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect setting for such a story to take place, and the bloody past becomes more frightening due to the huge, echoing rooms and the long corridors. These rooms with their echoes are always underlining the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the corridors that have produced most of the film's eeriness, and Kubrick's traditional camera shots give the corridors a ghastly three-dimensional feel. At the beginning of the movie, there's a famous tracking shot Danny follows in a big circle as he drives his ferris wheel through the halls (are they called that?), And his relative speed (as well as the lump through the wheels while he's off the parquet floors going back and forth to the woolen blankets gives the feeling of not knowing what's around the corner and as Stephen King story you EXPECT something that appeals to you.I think the best scene in the halls ( and one of the scariest in the movie) is when Danny is playing on the floor and a ball is slowly coming towards him, he looks up and sees the long, empty hallway, because the ball is something like a children's toy, you have to assume that Anyway, you get the point The Shining is a damn scary movie. <br /> <br /> Apart from the rare quality of a horror movie, do not shit The Shining has a very profound story that really makes you guess, and leaves you with the impression that there was something you missed. Had Jack always been there as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he in 1921 really on this ball or is this just someone who looks exactly like him? If he was always the janitor, as Mr. Grady also said, does that mean that HIM went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr. Grady after all? It's one thing for a movie to leave loose ends that should have been tied, that's just mediocre filmmaking. This was the case with The Amityville Horror, who obviously mimicked much of The Shining's theme. However, it's completely different when a movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (like most of Kubrick's movies). Another thing we can thank Stanley Kubrick for and thank him for is not to have thrown this book against the wall. This one litter would have been a cinematic tragedy.
