A dreadful, majestic piece of film fright, this film combines all the key elements of an intellectual thriller with the great vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to master an atmospheric horror film in the genre of his ingenious filmmaking, which has an eye for filmmaking the original recording, an ice-cold soundtrack and a general sense of dehumanization. This film cuts all the typical horror movies like a red poker through a human eye, because the viewer not only can feel the violence and the psychosis of his protagonist, but also appreciates the seed from which the disorder originated. One of the scariest things people face is the unknown. This film presents his conspiracy with this very thought. The environment is perfect, in a lonely winter hideaway. The stillness of the moment is a character in itself, as the fermenting attacker in Jack Torrance's mind rolls in that time of rest and breeds the devil's new playground. I always had the feeling that the presence of evil was dormant in all our thoughts, only the circumstances of the moment and the reasons given in it had to be necessary to awaken his violent donkey and plunge at his unsuspecting victims. This movie is a perfect example of this thought. <br /> <br /> And it's in the subtle touches of the movie's canvas, the clacking of the boy's ferris wheel, that drives through the hotel's empty hallways. In the labyrinthine garden, which represents the fine line of the spirit between mentally and insane, Kubrick deliberately resolved inconsistencies in editing, continuity errors, and false orders that we discover a world led by the righteous and the tangible, but by the powerful and Unknown was kidnapped. I've never read the book the movie is based on, but without looking at that as a point of comparison, I'm proud to say that this is one of the most terrifying films I've ever seen. I thought the movie's running time might be cut a little, but then again, I'm not one of the most respected directors in the history of the movie. So I should keep my two-cent review of a great movie for me. All in all, this film captivates your attention with its great form and vision, captivating you with some horror and eccentric orientation, captivating you and stinging you with its cold gaze on the ghost of the man who has gone overboard, creepy atmosphere and that Loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
