Anthony McGarten has adapted his piece Via Satellite and staged the best comedic film that has long come from New Zealand. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a dropout. She has not achieved much in recent years and has become angry over her family since her father's confession. Her twin sister Carol (also portrayed by Danielle Cormack) is in the limelight of the media as she represents New Zealand swimming at the Olympics. An avid and desperate middle-aged director (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also Chrissy's one night stand from the night before - Paul (Karl Urban) films the proudest moment of the Dunn family; watch Carol swim to victory. That would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is the epitome of embarrassment. First there is the matriachin of the Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for the all-important film crew and refuses to change her style. Her eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), desperately wants to be more than ordinary. She has a beautiful home (painted with bedroom walls "Blackberry Sorbet"), expensive taste and a nasty parasitic setting. She is also nearly 40 and desperate for a child. Her husband Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician, forcing himself to do jobs that can not be done ... as well as jobs that need to be done. B. Jen. The middle-aged daughter Lyn (Jodie Dorday, who was named Best Supporting Actor at the New Zealand Film Awards for this adaptation) is a "knock-up" pie that has a dubious story with Ken. The two older sisters quarrel, the mother is in a state, Ken is a bad toolTime Tim Taylor, Carol stokes her Olympic desire and Chrissy knows that all this is on national television - why should not she be ashamed? It's great to see some of New Zealand's famous faces in the suburban comedy, which has witty lines. I loved sparring between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona, my biological clock is ticking away, the other is a narcissistic fake, who has what his sister wants - a bun in the oven. The highlight of the film is quite sentimental and is nicely done. The performances are a treat and the movie works perfectly. A good way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
