Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals in a local club. She falls victim to her fantasies as the promise of romantic interlude turns into murder while killing those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that someone (... a possible task master pulling their strings like a puppet), by some kind of hypnotic suggestion, might make Lorna kill those she encounters in remote places, just when it looks like that as if the lovemaking started emerge. After the murders have been committed in her fantasies, Lorna awakens confused, often unaware, that what she had in her dreams had ever happened in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work of Franco I would say that it is elegant and difficult. By now, you've probably read other user comments that are confused by the content of this movie, as much of it takes place in the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that Godard was heavily influenced at the beginning of his career in film style and decided to abandon a clear narrative structure to create a completely different kind of visual experience. And as you read from the reactions of the user comments here. Some like this decision, others find the style boring and confusing. I'm the first to admit that the movie is over my head, but even Franco himself, when asked by critics who saw "Succubus," admitted that he did not even understand the movie and he's directing guided! One could say that "succubus" was merely a forerunner of his rather admired work "Venus in Furs", which is considered by Franco believers as his masterpiece, as it also takes on the surreal, dreamlike structure in which the protagonist is not really He knows if he really knows it / she is experiencing something real or imaginary. In a sense, we experience the same kind of confusion as the protagonist. Of course, "Succubus" is unconventional filming that does not give us the keys to what exactly happens. And much of the elusive dialogue does not help. "Succubus" is also populated with beatnik types and "poet-speak", Corman's movie "A Bucket of Blood" was fun. My personal favorite scene tends to be a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman meeting her at a posh party. A rather bizarre fantasy sequence in which mannequins are used rather uncommonly. Great filming locations and jazz score ... I liked this movie myself, though I can understand why it gets a negative reaction. Loved this one scene at the posh party with Lorna, a bit drunk, who was writhing on the floor in a beautiful evening gown, while others who participated in the shindig (as well wasted) threw her into a kiss hug.
