I have not seen all of Jess Franco's films, I've seen five, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. Maybe it's a little too early to say, but "Necronomicon Dreamed Sins" (better known as "succubus", but that's the cut version) is, in my opinion, if not the best, certainly one of Franco's best. Franco is best known (though "known" may be a bit over the top) for "Vampiros Lesbos," a curious cult film that received more attention in the mid-'90s when people found out that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, lucky few discovered the man and found out what to expect after a video clip of "The Lion and the Cucumber" ("Vampyros Lesbos OST"): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during "Vampiros", I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. Since that moment Franco could not grab me so much anymore. But then I came across this movie. It's even better than Vampiros Lesbos, I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We find out that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" so great: its beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I had seen "Vampiros Lesbos" before (although chronologically only three years later) and both films start out the same way. But then the story went on, enigmatic and enthralling, beautiful camera work and the stuff you'd like to see if Godard was not so busy spreading his political messages. Later in the film, I heard a dialogue about which art was old-fashioned or not. The man says that all the films have to be old-fashioned, because it takes weeks for the audience to see what was filmed. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard made films for tomorrow yesterday". Janine Reynaud is an interesting lead actress, and of course Howard Vernon, a Franco regular guest, is also there. Fortunately, acting is good (something that can spoil many Franco films, but not these). But watch out for the dummy scene. The erotic excitement, the wild direction and the fact that it is a film of yesterday for tomorrow, make it a movie that many people should see. The fact that it is more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
