Police, Investigations, Murder, Suspicion: We all know them in abundance in movies. Most films today deal with crime, which spectators should be involved in to give them an exciting atmosphere. Most lovers, however, will focus on the latest films that forget older films. However, it happens that these people can easily be misled. A film based entirely on mistrust can now be very interesting, even though it's over 20 years old ... it's GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. Not really, because the events presented in the film take place in a very short time. But the way they are performed is the big plus of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud is studied by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It is a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. But after the rape and murder of two children, at the beginning of the old year, the door of mistrust must finally be open. In other words (more quoted from the movie) it needs to be revealed who a bad wolf really is. To do that, you need a lot of effort and emotions from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script as being too verbose. Nevertheless, I would ask her: What should an investigation look like, if not many questions and practically a lot of things are said. This word touches the roots of the genre. This is by no means boring, but throughout the movie you are involved as a viewer, as an observer. In addition, the movie contains well-made flashbacks while the stories are told. Not too much and not too little - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks for me are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about a nice Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain the views of the places, including the infamous beach. That helped me a lot to keep up the pace. And since I've seen GARDE A VUE, I always mention this movie as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against allegations of chaos and chaos. <br /> <br /> But the aspects mentioned above may not necessarily appeal to many viewers, as they may not like such movies and still be unsatisfactory in content and execution. But also for such people GARDE A VUE is worth seeing. Why? For the performances. But do not expect me to praise Romy Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a great job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. She credibly portrays a person who is calm and concrete, who does not refuse an offered cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. Her part, which includes a deep conversation about life and duty, is more brilliant, more believable than Elsa's overly melancholy role in LA PASSANT DE SANS SOUCI. It is still traded. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically she appears for the first time after 45 minutes after the credits. as a woman and from another perspective, she symbolically stands at midnight in the New Year. Your role is a purely supportive role. Who really rocks is Lino Ventura. He is the middle-aged Inspector Antoine Gaul, who wants to find out the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missiles" to the other interlocutor, but does not hesitate. He is an inspector who was married three times and is fully recognized by the women's psyche. He is the one who sees his job not as a game but as a real service. After all, he is a person who does not find it unusual to sit there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a good job of expressing fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But thumbs up for Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> As for memorable moments, this is not the kind of film where this aspect is easy to analyze. The entire film is memorable, has to be seen more than once, and is with its atmosphere and, as I have not mentioned yet, a wonderful music. For me, the talk of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most brilliant immaculate moment. You are with the two characters, you experience their states of mind as you go deeper into what you see. GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film, a must for lovers and connoisseurs of art performances. The new year has turned and ... is it easier to open the door now? You'll find out if you choose the memorable movie by Claude Miller. 8.10
