First and foremost, Ed Wood fans are an obsessive bunch, but this movie has brought me to a fan-dome that I have never met before! One of the most intense experiences of non-mainstream movie lovers - at least for me - is the pleasure of discovering the dark. I remember how, as a teenager, I longed to see Eddie's "Vengeance of the Dead" (aa Night of the Ghouls), which at that time had been arching for several decades. Just as weird masterpieces of the low-budget film such as Doris Wishman's "A Night to Dismember" or half of the works of Jesus Franco! In recent years, however, video and DVD renderings of these once-unearned treasures have been provided to almost TOO - even for those on the "wrong" (!) Side of the Atlantic. <br /> <br /> And then you see, there was "I was early the day I died" - a movie that SHOULD be so big, but disappeared in the ether, even before Fangoria the first one pretty much long article printed on it, which first inspired my appetite. The 1990s NEEDED a hard-to-find movie that's REALLY worth hunting for: And that's for sure ... I do not want to add too much commentary on all those wonderful aspects of the movie - its noble yet cheesy cast, his haunting but often hallucinogenic images, his wondrous moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the French movie theater of the twenties) and surrealism or even his sonically memorable soundtrack eloquently described by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I would like to briefly mention here is the joy I also received from hunting for some obscure artefacts related to this almost lost object - but luckily not quite a movie ! I think the German video I picked up on a cold winter day in Cologne is pretty well known by the followers of Ed Wood. It is also common knowledge that a billboard has been published for the film. Fortunately there is more to find !!! First, there are a number of reviews from the German THEATRICAL release of the film. I have used several of these in my translation courses to "liven up" my students ... Some of these reviews are a positive laudatory to the film's artistry and entertainment value - and most interesting of all is that most critics find it both within the American garbage as well as in the European arthouse traditions. Secondly, there is the score of Larry Groupe ', which can be purchased by the man himself - many of the pieces exert a truly emotional appeal to the listener, especially if you consider the film's current "arched" status and become somewhat melancholy same time. Finally, I would like to point out the promo SOUNDTRACK, which has released Cinequanon in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do whatever you need, if you get the chance to buy one !!!!!! It contains 14 tracks from the film, including Eartha Kitts' ballad, the late Darcy Lehm's "Jesus I Was Evil" (two versions of which are also available on New Zealand CD, though this is another story!), The cool radio music on which Christina Ricci Dances, and even those amazing techno-drops by Minty and ZHV (the latter is Billy Z's own techno band) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed - let Ed Wood determine your life.
