This film from 1998 is based on a screenplay by the late Edward D. Wood that has NO dialogue in the tradition of films like THE THIEF. While Wood's work was mostly stubborn low-budget entries in various genre-film traditions, his first published feature, GLEN OR GLENDA, was a truly visionary attempt to express the inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. I got up early the day before the day I died, THIS side of Ed Wood, the experimenter, though this movie is a comedy (a nightmarish comedy!), While the cross-dressing theme of GLEN or GLENDA by Wood was taken so seriously there was no room for comedy. Already in the first few seconds of this movie, I knew that I was taken to a new movie world and I can not compare this world with anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc. - is groundbreaking on any number of levels. Although the film has no "dialogues", there is sound of all sorts and also "language", but you have to see for yourself how it is done, as the wisdom and the surprise of the methods consistently excite. The Glen or Glenda-like technique of merging footage for surreal effects works well in the movie and is kept to a minimum. The entire movie is played in hysterical fever, and Billy Zane offers an impressive tour de force performance that shows what a brilliant physical comedian and actor he is. In a fair world, he would have received some awards for this accomplishment. He even looks like LOOKS like Ed Wood, and as played by Zane, this character is at different times funny, sloppy, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at the same time !!!). What a pity that this film has been in legal trouble and has never received a North American movie or video release and only played a few festivals. At the moment it is only available in Germany on video (in fact my copy comes from a German source - the excerpts from Woods screenplay, which are occasionally shown on screen, are translated into German, although the headlines of the newspaper are great Low- Budget techniques for assigning plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive for the film, are used here in the headlines (in the Wood tradition) that Zane sees in English). I think this movie could have been word-of-mouthed if it had been played with cautious publicity in some big cities at midnight. And if you played the city through the slowed city on the art film track, it could have worked well. If the legal issues can be resolved, I would suggest that the movie STILL OUTSIDE be theatrically released, especially a MIDNIGHT release "Kult". This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Did I "understand" every scene? No, but I "felt" every scene emotionally. Has everything in the movie "worked"? Maybe not. I only saw it twice, and when I saw it for the first time, I was interrupted a few times. However, since all the garbage of the assembly lines plays the multiplexes and so many "alternative" films are fetishistically or presumptuously rejected by the film school, we need such an experiment made in Hollywood. The recent Bob Dylan movie "Masked and Anonymous" had similar chances to Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONTAL. This movie could find a much bigger audience than both. If you read this review in a few years and the idea of ​​this movie sounds intriguing, see if it has ever been released on video. You will not be bored. Invite a few friends ... make a party of it. Play the amazing soundtrack LOUD. I feel that Ed Wood, no matter where he lives in the afterlife, is happy with this film and feels that his unique vision has been justified and confirmed by making this film. Wood probably also laughs that the film he made after his death was always kept in litigation, as it seemed to get the worst of life, and remains unpublished in the land of his making.
