OK, I know this movie because there was a friend of mine in it and I actually visited the set when they were shooting. So, from a personal perspective, I was intrigued to finally see this obscure little gem. If you're even looking for information about this movie, you'll find that it's in legal trouble (even over 7 years after filming). So if you are ever like me, then you do everything you need to achieve a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt torn, because when I got it in the mail today it was a very rough, grainy copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" version with annoying top mini time code, but unfortunately I could still enjoy it as if I had a real copy, something I recommend if you want the full effect of this movie on you or not. From what I read, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With good luck and happy looking / bidding ...;). The score / Sndtrk is worth it alone. Very versatile and varied (something rare these days IMHO in the movie) - I think that will be my next Sndtrk / Score, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now to the review. The film opens when Billy Zane's figure injects a nurse into the mental hospital, where he appears to be detained. He steals her clothes (even shoes) and quickly moves on to a series of banking and lending after getting away with the loot. Well, I think this is where the "conspiracy" begins - he loses it accidentally. After committing multiple Campy over-the-top crimes and affiliations with various A-to-C list celebrities to find the money, he somehow finds himself in a cemetery where a funeral is taking place - I think for that He is shot dead in the lending office / bank, and - even if police cars and police from the 50s are constantly looking for him everywhere - he is never seen or attacked. (He sees daily papers reporting his "crimes.") I liked that because it gave the thin plot an extension. After all, it's a movie (see: fiction) and director Iris Iliopulos does everything I can think of to 1) realize the vision of Wood and 2) to give a current feel, but still recordings of authentic 50s police cars with too Ahh, local LA.99 $ Stores - so good my 9 review. If the period and the props were authentic - I would have given it a 10. It's kind of weird now and I'm not going to ruin it for anyone, but let's say the final end is a bit disappointing for me. It had promises, action and comedy - all to the end, so ... with EVERYTHING said - locate a copy at its discretion. <br/> <br/> You just have to be aware of that, as there is no dialouge (apart from some narration and singing) this may be in your lane - maybe not - but I definitely think it an observation is worth. The actors all make good performances, and it's just the inconsistency in the right period pieces that really appealed to me for this correction. Then I would say that this movie is definitely checked, because it is not something that these studios nowadays (or I will be sure in the future.
