To finally see what many consider the best movie for women in prison ever, I felt I had done something as ridiculous as that. Boy, it certainly contained the elements I expected and delivered so much more. One constant that I discovered in these films is the toughness and strike of the actresses in the roles of the prisoners preparing to flee while their threshold, tolerance and determination (not to mention reason) of their own Supervisors are examined. While most of them have been hired for the way they look naked, because the nature of the genre requires such gratuitous elements, something else emerges, other attributes like posture and courage, to which I ultimately respond. <br /> <br /> As you may well know, this was the debut of Demme for his mentor Roger Corman. He gives the target group exactly what they want while shaping the process itself. For example, there are bizarre dreams that have certain characters that define their current psychological state (there is a specific number with the supervisor, Barbara Steele, reminding me of Alex De Large of A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> The film has female prisoners planning a daring escape, tired of the crazy antics of their wheelchair-friendly guardian and their nutty prison doctor Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, the tough, naughty sister who's sick of the environment and will do anything to get out. She is the one who fears all girls to cross each other. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the latest detainee who has been arrested by the police and convicted of murdering a police officer without revealing the names of those with whom she is associated. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best buddy with Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle becomes obsessed with Randolph, who promises superintendent McQueen (Steele) to use a surgical procedure to eliminate her violent tendencies. Randolph takes her with drugs, takes nude photos and makes her wobbly, whining like a little girl because he suffers from his mental deficits and embraces her naked body in his arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, a life sentence in prison for murdering a fool whose relative was a senator. Lavelle gets work in Randolph's office and is responsible for linking his dirty antics with Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film as a planned outbreak, using the hostages behind the various traumas inflicted on the prisoners as the fire breaks out. <br /> <br /> I was quite impressed by the photographic work of The longtime Demme employee, cameraman Tak Fujimoto, is able to detect some visually exciting moments within the prison's jails, cells and rooms no easy task. The jail is correspondingly lousy and the girls, though quite attractive, look like desperate inmates who yearn eagerly and yearn out of the pits of their souls to escape such a terrible imprisonment. Steele is outstanding as a guardian, she knows how to bring the role close to the edge without going too far, and can openly express the insanity of her repressed character in a reserve. Notice how she manipulates her glasses and settles down without breaking her top, especially when certain behaviors make her desperate to push her rockers to the edge. Cale's bluesy score is unbelievably depressing, forcing the audience to wink that the movie is still fun. I think Cale's score reflects Demme's handling of the material. The partnership between Cale and Demme is an eerie alliance that presents the scene as a sad, isolated and oppressive place, almost simultaneously presenting a humorous tone that, thanks to the colorful characters, permeates in part thanks to the personalities of the cast. My favorite scene takes place outside the prison when two of our girls (who team up with a third) interrupt an ongoing bank robbery. The kicker is that it was a bank they wanted to loot! As expected, you get naked women in showers, prisoners in solitary confinement, a cat fight, gunfights, escape attempts that go awry, and other exploitative elements ... like a frightening shock therapy session so as not to exclude the shocking sequence above where the twisted one Interestingly enough, Demme transmits the film without a hint of pretension to the audience and understands exactly the kind of film he made.
