When I think of "Women in Prison", I often prefer sloppy Italian / Spanish productions by directors like Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; and although these films are often very dirty, they are also very similar and once you have seen one; You might as well have seen them all. I have to admit that these types of films are generally not my favorites. In fact, the idea of ​​women behind bars outside of Italy and Spain has been done very well on several occasions. Roger Corman's New World Pictures is responsible for some of the best. Caged Heat is the directorial debut of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and it's a great little movie with a lot of entertainment value! Of course, the film revolves around the story of a girl caught in a crime and sent to a women's prison where she is presented to a prison of violent inmates. This prison is ruled by the wheelchair user Superintendent McQueen; and she performs a play by the girls; They execute an escape. <br /> <br /> This movie is a lot easier on the Sleaze than I am used to in prison for women; However, this is more than compensated by some great action scenes and dialogues. This ensures that Caged Heat maintains consistently. However, it must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious, and is essentially similar to a structure that resembles many other women in prison movies that came before it; But that's not such a big problem. The film never gets boring and is peppered with outstanding scenes; including an escape attempt while working in a field and a bank robbery. The film is helped by the sure guidance of the man who would undertake the masterpiece The Silence of the Lambs and a great cast with many outstanding personalities; Including the legendary Barbara Steele in the role of chief prison officer. Overall, it can happen that Caged Heat does not have to think about the viewer in the end. But it's a brilliantly entertaining little Grindhouse movie, and anyone who's interested in this kind of movie will surely want to track it down.
