Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary exploit outfit New World Pictures is considered one of the best classics of the 70s Grindhouse class that has ever graced celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer Asterisk Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin is a rugged, victorious performer as a relentless, resilient new fish who does his best to endure in a dirty, hellish prison. The ever-fabulous Barbara Steele offers a delicious, vicious portrayal as a middle, crippled, sexually frustrated jailer (her erotic dream of making a slow, steamy striptease in front of the female inmates is really hard). Long-time favorite B-movie actress Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers") of the 70s. Collins brings a witty and lovable twist as a happy, stinking kleptomaniac offender who tells a good-natured dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (including Crystin Sinclaire of Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Ruby") makes her animated film debut as a wildcat "Crazy Alice". And the ever-cuddly Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a lovely, touching reprise of her fragile, frightened, innocent role in "Lemora: A Childhood Fairytale of the Supernatural." <br /> <br /> Although this picture provides the expected amount of gross language, nudity, rape and violence, it is by no means a typically blatant and sexist piece of lurid, mindless filth; The film very effectively examines the multiple ways in which men cruelly exploit women, and strongly asserts the pro-feminist notion that women can overcome obstacles by joining forces to courageously defend their misogynist oppressors as a powerful fighting force put. Demme's spirited, familiar direction expresses with a glorious profusion of perceptively observed, random details and delightful moments of captivating, quirky human behavior. Both Tak Fujimoto's dynamic cinematography and John Cale's amazingly dark oddball blues score are 100% money-honored. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the horribly awful, cheap rubber monster suit creative feature Howler "Track of the Moonbeast") has an uncomfortable bit of a jerky policeman who stole his car from a trio of prison refugees when he stops at one Gas station to use the bathroom. "Caged Heat" is alive, stirring and incredibly enjoyable.
