The premise for this film focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. This was a very flammable scenario in America where two completely different cultures collided. What justified such disgusting corrupt actions? ... While this film presented the scene (while Hickock and Smith drank), these two men were neither intoxicated nor drugged !! It was a clear case of cold and calculated consideration. These violent acts were ultimately the result of emotional and social neglect ... Since 1975, as a nation, we have created an empathy for deviants who have been plagued by their victims. Environment ... But this incident happened in 1959 !! This terrible revelation blew us away and confused the nation into a clash of contradictory ethics !! With the recent release of the movie "Capote," based on Truman Capote, the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood," the Americans have developed a new fascination for this film !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this film ... This seems appropriate, given the reputation he was involved in regarding his personal life !! "In Cold Blood" revolves around the element of the Unexplained ... There was no revenge, there was no material gain, there was no social potential for advancement, it is only a latent and deceitful behavior of warlike rage, the end of which surely does not justify the means !! The situational arguments that Hickock and Smith complained about were always ambiguous !! Why should they, under these circumstances, vent their frustration with an anonymous, innocent Kansas family? ... Will Geer (Grandpa Walton) plays the prosecutor, who gets sick from this macabre moodiness !! His argument is thoroughly convincing ... His claim is: "These two men, who have shown no mercy, are asking for yours now." This is a logic that would cause me to pass judgment on a conviction if I were one of the members of the jury !! Absolute contempt for your precarious misery in life is no justification for the staging of a capital offense !! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that the American public should be alerted to such a disturbed act of violence !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things to come. "In Cold Blood" did just that !! This incident was the calm before the storm, which referred to a relevant aspect of the emergence of the radical 1960s !! Such a deadly charade also served as an insight into the isolated interests that many typical Americans would besiege for the future. <br /> <br /> Truman Capote is with his book (that was a bestseller) and with this documentary too ... The acting of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson as well as of people like John Forsythe was incredible !! Director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle", "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo", just to name a few !!) was outstanding in his collaboration in this movie !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the history of the movie !! The film features two reprehensible spawns of depravity that plunged into crazy theatrics and brought a banal satisfaction because it was recognized on a nationwide pejorative level violent suppliers !! The ideologies of our nation are now incredibly different than in 1959 !! This film introduces the American people to the emotional and wavering perpetrators who have caused such a precarious metamorphosis throughout our value system !! I recommend everyone to watch this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focus of the movie "Capote"! Thinking about making a movie about a movie is a rare and coveted Hollywood award! "In Cold Blood" is an extreme example of a movie that is vicariously clairvoyant and intellectually uplifting. Of course, "In Cold Blood" is absolutely fascinating and absolutely remarkable movie !!
