Easily one of the ten best films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood is brilliant in the simplicity and the realism of storytelling and absolutely fascinating. Robert Blake goes away with the movie. The story seems to come almost exclusively from Perry's point of view, although Dick is the leader and planner of the couple. The onlooker will always find Dick more unstable, immature, and generally feel as if Perry was not drawn into this nightmare, but to Dick and his need to be somebody, and a great score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with a focus on accuracy, In Cold Blood reveals the story behind the brutal and pointless killing of a rural Kansas family on a cold, windy night because Dick turns into an ancient one Rural myth about wealthy farmers has certainly raised cash in their home. As a "public prosecutor" (a character who is not named in the script) played by Will Geer, he points out that their lives are bought for only $ 10 a head. Director Richard Brooks has cleverly decided not to share the gruesome details of the murders until the end of the film. Before that, we just know it happened, and watch the lives of Dick and Perry slowly unraveling as they try to escape not only from law enforcement, but also Perry's own ever-increasing sense of impending demise. He makes remarks over and over again: "Nobody can ever get away with such a thing" and "I can not imagine that we left something behind that belongs to us." Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel a compelling sense of guilt over her crime, only anger at Perry. In fact, after they get caught, Dick first breaks, and suddenly she faints when she is finally confronted with irrefutable evidence that brings the two men to the scene. Perry was sorry for me from the start, and as the events progressed, it seemed to me all the more, but I only loathed Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the movie is the engaging way in which the story is played We do not believe for a moment that we are watching actors as they portray characters but that we are the actual participants and events watch while they have taken place. The story is relentless, mocking, the running time of just over two hours feels like a few minutes more. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, some of the "Goofs" listed on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood fell to me wrong or exaggerated. Like the "reverse" process filmed at the beginning of the movie as Dick and Perry cross the bridge to Kansas. First of all, this is not even a process shot, the camera is actually in the backseat and the picture you see behind the car's windshield is real. A big truck to the left of Dick's Pontiac creates the optical illusion that it is backing up because it is traveling at a higher speed. On closer inspection, however, it becomes clear that they are actually moving forward and that it is a recording of a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I said before, this is one of the top ten works of twentieth-century cinema that is not recommended for very young people due to the language of the language and implied and derived violence. A modern movie would take effect), but a thoroughly excellent movie.
