The real thriller at the heart of In Cold Blood may be for those interested in classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or the notorious Hollywood cases (OJ, Manson). The key facts in the case are not terrible: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played here by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met with a bit of luck. They had teamed up to rob a man's farmhouse in Kansas safely, and after killing a four-headed family with a gun and a dagger came away with $ 43. Apart from their return to the US, after fleeing to Mexico for a short time, there is no secret in the solution. They were hit by an ironic coincidence (a policeman followed them and stopped them after Smith and Hickcock helped a stolen car as he helped a boy and his old man collect bottles to change) and sentenced them to death to hang on the neck. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it's dealing with the story, moments of turmoil, the performances, a purely cinematic note that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (the late / big) DP Conrad Hall offer crisp black-and-white widescreen and a storytelling style that feels realistic without using too much naturalism or too much melodrama (except maybe in the end, which is perfect). The tragedy of the tragedy hangs over history, not so much because of the murders themselves, no matter how brutal they are, as the "third" man who, as the narrator states, is called by Smith and Hickcock, but because of inevitability history. You somehow feel for those criminals who in other hands would just be conventional characters or something from a B-movie. They're not good people, but they're not necessarily monsters, at least all the way. <br /> <br /> It's also an excellent "road movie" when we see Smith and Hickcock on the street in the Clutter residence (the actual crime scene at night, which takes place late in the movie), then on to Mexico, then back to America in the direction of Las Vegas. We can immerse the personalities of these two, probably even more than those of the police officers, who initially have no clues, and then finally get a break with an inmate. It is quite disturbing to get so close to these two (a species that resembles the aimlessness of Malick's Badlands characters), and it is also a sign of daring. There is no preaching, like "he did this out of this and that or that". We see how Smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but that Smith loved and hated him. The complexity is too big for the movie, maybe too much for Capote's book (which I must confess, I still have to read, though I intend to). And we see that Hickcock is this creature of smooth trust (ie getting the suit and other things with bad checks), but with no deep-rooted explanation for everything. <br /> <br /> The series of fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the most blatant of the 60s and it's the luck of Brooks to have Blake as a star in his top-of-the-pop performance (this and that Lost Highway, oddly enough, considering his saga of real life in recent years, his quintessential, pieces) and Wilson's breakthrough before he became a character actor. Surrounded by his supportive work, they themselves are incredibly absorbing, driven more or less by greed and flight fantasies with treasures, and remain stuck in their situation by the death row and at their ends rather deadlocked. Is this a moral of the story, if there could be one, that it is more frightening to face the possibility that those who kill can not be classified, that good and evil are smeared? Smith apologized for his crime before being hung up, and points out, "but to whom?" This is a story intended to give the most hardened fans of the real crime the merciless showers, and it is probably the best American movie of 1967.
