Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas, has a large supply of cash in a safe. At two o'clock on November 15, 1959, they murdered Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their teenage son and daughter. After a small police investigation, the two men are found and sentenced to hang. Cold Blood (1967) is directed by Richard Brooks. Now I have not read the novel by Truman Capote, on which this film is based, so I can not make any comparisons. The film tells brilliantly about the terrible events that actually took place. Robert Blake is excellent as Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years ago, who was charged. He's free now, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever that may be, he is still a very good actor. Scott Wilson does a remarkable job as a hickock. John Forsythe is as great as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock Who plays Tex Smith? John McLiam plays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is the daughter of Nancy and Paul Hough is the son of Kenyon. Great work of each of them. From this movie you can still remember very well from the brighter side. It's pretty cool when Perry wants to hunt for gold in Mexico and says to Hickock: Do you remember Bogart in Treasure of the Sierra Madre? And Blake himself was a boy in this movie, and it's a funny moment when they take the boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and exchange them for money rewards, those dark moments are the most insistent, the flashback sequence, in If you see the murders is extreme If Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy last, and she says "Oh, please, not" ... The man's brutality, it's impossible to explain Then the hanging scene In the last picture of the movie, we see Perry banging the end of the rope Safe movies and books can try to sympathize with these villains, especially Perry's character is someone for you He thinks about his mother and his father, whom he hates, but he still loves it, but it does not change the fact that these two men who portray these actors are brutal killers those who apologize for no one. They go to this house and murder a whole man's family, cold-blooded. How could you sympathize with these people?
