As I grew up, my fascination for the Academy Awards has grown from intense interest to occasional pleasure. Like some of the other comments I've written, the bizarre results of the Oscars are often hard to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five Best Picture nominees is one of those inexplicable cases, especially if one of the nominations this year went to the wretched and unsurpassed "Dr. Dolittle". While only an insomniac or a masochist would embark on this Rex-Harrison disaster, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of the Truman Capotes novel retains its ability to attract the viewer's attention and be completely drained by the final fade. While there's nothing particularly graphic or horrible on the screen, the movie is definitely material for adults. Based on a multiple murder in Nebraska in the 1950s filmed in the places where the murders took place, Conrad Hall's master cameraman filmed "In Cold Blood" in strong black and white, and his screen compositions demanded righteousness for widescreen aspect ratio. Along with Quincy Jones 'disconcerting result, Hall should have been over the title with Brooks' screenplay as the three pillars upon which this intense classic builds. The performances are good too. Scott Wilson is all a cold charm and Robert Blake's intense introversion as the two killers. (At some point there is an inside joke when Blake speaks of Bogart and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" while the duo travel to Mexico.) As a child star, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in this John Huston movie.) The movie is as the book definitely tilts to the killers and has an anti-capital punishment, though the ruthlessness of the killers negates this feeling somewhat, despite the difficult-to-follow concluding scenes. Some have criticized the film for focusing on the criminals, their backgrounds, and their lives, while the Clutter family, literally murdered cold-bloodedly in the middle of the night, seems to be one-dimensional characters of lesser importance. This lack of balance comes from the book, as Capote spent much time with the two killers while they were on death row. The Clutter family was apparently not explored at the same depth. Whatever you have for or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" will put you deeply into contradictory thoughts. Do a double count with "Dead Man Walking" and may not speak for days.
