In 2006, "In Cold Blood", a captivating thriller from 1967, has two new interesting connections that he did not have before. First of all and most of all a deterrent is the fact that her star Robert Blake recently stood trial for murdering his wife. Second, the recently Oscar-winning biopic "Capote" showed the confused story of Truman Capote, author of the compelling crime story. These two new twists make the film contemporary for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As a stand-alone film of its time, "In Cold Blood" is first-rate in every way. Most notable is the stunning black-and-white cinematography of Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition"). Many of the stills from this Kansas Farmhouse movie at night or the tree-lined back roads could be sold as art photography. Combined with Brooks' Cracker Jack direction and superb editing in the early scenes (in which we see the innocent family's daily life slaughtered in a meaningless way devoured by the plot of the two unfortunate killers), it reigns supreme creates a rich breeding mood that sets the stage for exciting excitement (though everyone knows how it will all end because everything is based on real events). It's also great to see how brilliantly staged a horrifying murder scene can be, in which the graphic nature of the plot is subliminally transmitted to the viewer, with no drop of blood on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also anchored by Robert Blake's sinister performance as a sympathetic, but pointlessly brutal side of the killer duo. The retrospective scenes of his terrible childhood are very well done. Then there's the scene near the end of the film where he talks to the Reverend before being sent to the gallows and makes his final "confession", so to speak. It's one of those classic moments of film that are a perfect combination of acting, writing excellence, flawless directing and haunting photography. I dare you to remove the clear image of the rain reflection from the window that runs down Robert Blake's pale face instead of the actual tears from your head. <br /> <br /> The only thing that hampers "In Cold Blood" is the slow mid-act in which the killers are on the street, and in the end, the forced nature of the social commentary. The attached political message about the death penalty is secondary to their convincing portrayal of the crazy murderers and their prey.
