Although it was published as early as 1967, IN COLD BLOOD is still the benchmark against which all true crime films are measured. Richard Brooks, Veteran Writer / Director (ELMER GANTRY), adapted the non-fiction book of Truman Capote into a gruesome docudrama, which, even today, 35 years later, retains a worrying power. Robert Blake and Scott Wilson portray Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-cons who have broken into a tip from Hicock's old cellmate Floyd Wells at Herbert Clutter's home in Holcomb, Kansas, looking for a wall that is supposed to be Contains $ 10,000. However, no safe was ever found, and the two men instead killed Mr. Clutter, his wife, and their two children. They only came with a radio, binoculars and forty dollars. Two months on the run, including an aimless "vacation" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when the police caught them in a stolen car. But after the merciless grilling of Kansas law enforcement officers, it finally turns out that these two men committed this heinous crime in Holcomb. They were sentenced and convicted four times for murder until they were both hanged to death on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith are absolutely uncomfortable with the two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they've done, but are worried about getting caught. John Forsythe also makes a good turn as Alvin Dewey, the chief detective who investigates the crime, as well as Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is true to both Capote's book and good artistic gimmick, Brooks does not show the murders in the beginning; instead, he shows the two killers driving up to the clutter house when the last light goes out and then goes on to the next morning and the terrible discovery of the bodies. It's not until we return to Kansas when Blake is interviewed by Forsythe and tells the story that we see the true horror of what happened that night. In these scenes, we do not see that much blood, but we do not need it. The shotgun shots and the horrified expression on the faces of the clutters, knowing that they are about to die, are more than disturbing enough that it is not necessary to explicitly use bloody Slasher movie violence. Brooks. Brooks IN COLD BLOOD filmed in black and white and the results are superb thanks to the experience of Conrad Hall. The deterrent jazz score of Quincy Jones is the capper. The end result is one of the most disturbing films ever made, in their unobtrusive way. It is a 134-minute study of a crime that has shattered a whole state, and indeed an entire nation, and should be seen, although a margin of discretion is recommended for the viewer. The 'R' rating is there for a reason.
