On the eighth day, God created Georges. But just as an eighth day does not fit in the week, Georges does not fit into the modern world: he has Down syndrome and is marginalized by society and sent to an institution four years after his mother's death. She was the only one who loved him. Harry is another man who is no longer loved. His wife left him for reasons she can not explain. He also loses the love of his daughters when he arrives late at the train station to pick up the two children who wanted to spend the weekend with their father. Harry is a senior businessman. He knows all the rules that enable us to succeed in our modern performance society. But he has fallen into a crisis that has peaked after the loss of his daughters' love. He questions the meaning of his life without achieving concrete results. Harry and Georges meet. First, Harry tries to get rid of Georges, just like everyone else. But Georges can not be shaken off. And gradually Harry dawns on how much he needs Georges if he wants to overcome his identity crisis. It is Georges who gives him a new approach to the world and makes him see his life with different eyes. Friendship and human warmth replace the calculating pursuit of success. It's no surprise that Harry can not help but fail in his job. Georges helps Harry regain the daughters' recognition. Even his wife has to admit that the fireworks he organized were worth seeing. A reintegration into the old life is no longer possible. And the new turns out to be nothing more than a dream with a time limit that comes to an end inexorably. The camera watches Harry and Georges from above for a minute while they both lie in the grass and enjoy the moment. But just as this minute will inevitably pass, the friendship of the two men, which has arisen in such a miraculous way, will not last. Georges is destroyed by the impossibility of love for the opposite sex and can see no other way than to commit suicide. Harry turns into a city tramp, calling on motorists waiting for charity in front of the traffic light. <br /> <br /> The film describes modern-day meritocracy as a catastrophic mechanism that engulfs positive values ​​such as human warmth. It is Georges, the Mongol, who seems to be able to point the way out of the dilemma, but unfortunately his plea comes to a bad end. However, failure does not necessarily mean that it is impossible or undesirable to achieve the desired goal. The way he shows us is certainly passable, though he requires a lot of willpower and above all the courage to make radical non-conformism.
