For those who have a moderate sensitivity, a modest sense of human and human condition, for anyone who is able to go beyond Hollywood's level, for anyone who is content to see a movie that has no set of seagals / Willis / Van Dammes has the brain bursting out of anyone who sees who goes to bed with whom, for anyone whose intellectual level has the ability to grasp, understand, grasp, laugh, WITH natural, tender, "Le Huitième Jour" is waiting for you Jaco van Dormael has not just achieved a masterpiece, that would have been too easy; He has created one of those rare monumental works of art in the film world that oppose any kind of encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No, it's the story of Georges, a wonderful, funny, laughing, affectionate, frightened personality suffering from Down's syndrome. It's a story where you have to laugh through your tears, but this is not one of those classic tear wankers. This film moves through a world in which you immediately mix your feelings of compassion, compassion or even shame with admiration, warmth and even love. Harry, a successful bank vendor, collides with Georges: they both went in opposite directions, with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities. Van Dormael cleverly blends these two unlikely men into a heartfelt friendship, much more than good friendship with those who have a beer on the street. This is a relationship that develops into a deep need for both. The cuasi-surrealistic scenes fit in perfectly: Georges recalls (or invents) past scenes of his life while he is either dreaming or asleep; Even the almost phantasmagoric final scene is absolutely correct. The only scene that can be considered somewhat inappropriate is when they steal a bus and drive it out of the showrooms. However, this does not affect the whole thing. This movie is a monument. Even if your French does not have much to offer, you should watch it with subtitles. `Le Huitième Jour 'is well worth the effort. What else is good, just read the following comments. I go with everyone. This movie is a joy, it is majestic and unique. If you've seen "Rain Man", which I consider to be a great movie, you need to watch this movie: it's far superior, as it does not have the superficial veneer of world-famous Hollywood actor; it has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? TEN Oscars for these two and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not collapse under the load. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
