This movie has the size and size of many of the great biblical epics of the 50s and 60s. But it may also be the first to really humanize the biblical characters themselves. The best part is that it does not diminish them in the eyes of the beholder. This is a unique and captivating balance that helps us realize that even great people like David are flawed people who find their faith and greatness in countering their mistakes. <br /> <br /> The actors are all first class in the movie Gilbert Barnett as David's second son Absolom to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at her best in this film. Her own true, but larger-than-life acting style is at home here. She is always the seductress, but she plays the role so that you sympathize with her. Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the Prophet. When I saw the movie for the first time, Massey seemed to have really talked to the Lord himself and was a great sight. Undoubtedly, the great music of the ever-astounding Alfred Newman, who had great successes in other biblical epics such as "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever-Told" also helped with some 100 other films! The film photography by Leon Shamroy is well done and contributes to the size, but also to the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly undervalued director who, like William Wyler, never really penned himself into a genre, brings together a larger-than-life production that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's deep struggle with his faith in God. The path in this movie could have been very hokey, but King thinks it's really interesting. Moreover, we never lose the sense of mystery when we try to understand the will of God, just as David himself struggles with it. Since the first scene in which a soldier dies as he tries to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (to put it briefly) that no one can understand the will of God. This is the journey we will take to the powerful end where David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie belongs to Gregory Peck, who is wonderful as King David. His David is a man of whom one can believe that he could ruthlessly reign a country, but was once a faithful psalmist. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I do not watch this movie on TV anymore, but when I do that, I keep missing it. I think that it still holds up very well today.
