There is no bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba. "I was quite a hand with a slingshot," "The king of all Israel out there in the dark, exposing himself to the enemy" (the full score to Dennis Hooey for delivering this with a straight face), "Go and sit down with concubines. "And somehow I doubt that a bored David ever told Prophet Nathan," Whatever you say. " He even tries the old routine "My kingdom does not understand me" with the desperate housewife Bathsheba. So it's probably a tribute to Henry King's emotion that the movie is not bad at all, despite the pitfalls that the first third of the film offers in large part. Maybe it's the censorship type of conspiracy? a married man kills the husband of a femme fatale and gets away with it! ?? But King expresses the growing moral and theological complexity in Phillip Dunne's script rather than raising sin and sandals hokum. This is the recalcitrant David on the descent left by a vengeful God he no longer understands, and the film does not depart from the uncomfortable unanswerable questions of why a loving deity would seek revenge on the innocent, not on the guilty. It even offers a really surprising criticism of the sexual inequality of the law, in which the failure of husbands to punish their wives. Unlike King David, who set the king aside for the sake of the admittedly more interesting Saul, David is stuck in the middle of the drama, and despite an interesting sight of shrugs and a genuinely garish, overlapping close-up when he sees the place of Saul's death and death Visiting Jonathan, the performance of Gregory Peck is growing as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood pro, Raymond Massey is a reasonably theatrical prophet (why should you be natural if you have a voice that quakes the sky?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah is such a relentless, unreconstructed chauvinist that you David can not exactly blame him because he got in his way, but despite threatening meekness, the film does not allow David to be morally released from his jail. With surprisingly strong yet understated design and technicolor photography, this is definitely a piece above most of the biblical epics of the 1940s-50s. <br /> <br /> The new DVD from Fox is a good transfer, including a hilarious "open" behind the scenes short and a trailer with short shots from the movie's only combat scene.
