This film is famous for several qualities: a literary screenplay, one-time in a partly religious film, by Philip Dunne, some very good performances, a first-class production in each department, and his intelligent direction by the experienced Henry King. If you were to make a movie, it would guarantee a quality production by including talents like Leon Shamroy as cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director, and Alfred Newman as composer of the original music. Add the cast to this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, as well as a dance by Gwen Verdon and the expectation that the resulting film may be raised made something special. In a Biblical subject script, which is usually a subgenre prone to illogical motivations and wondrous interventions, everything ultimately depends on the author's abilities. Philip Dunne has provided people here, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this film, versatile, not someone who does mythical deeds on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-ironic and appealing. As Bathsheba, Hayward is hardly the perfect choice, but conveys much of the earthiness and emotional normality of common sense, which makes it possible to see why the King of Israel would risk so much for them. The rest of the cast is robust and capable of alternation. The familiar plot offers them little work, but the author Dunne and the performers do as much as possible with human situations. David's youth is told in a retrospective; how he was chosen by a prophet of Yahweh to be King of Israel, and who achieves second place behind King Saul, defeating Goliath the Phiiistine in battle, when all others are afraid to beat the giant warrior. Afterwards, he is finally expelled from Israel by the court of King Saul, becomes a famous warrior and returns to claim the kingdom and become the instrument of the death of Jonathan, son of the king, who was formerly a friend. His wars are successful - the movie actually begins with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty, since his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and cold to him. He turns to Bathsheba, who bathes him naked from the palace roof. later she admits that she had hoped he would see her. But she has a husband, Uriah. If she becomes pregnant, Uriah must come from the battlefield and spend time at home. Instead, he asks David to put him at the head of the battle, even after Verdon's dance aroused him. David agrees. He is killed, a war hero; However, this does not solve the infidelity question. Drought comes to Israel, and the infidelity of the king is blamed for the phenomenon. Eventually, David puts his hand on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and placed in a temple, killing others who had accidentally come in contact with it. He told his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David leaves the temple and finds that rain has come to his parched land. This film is always interesting, varied and physically beautiful. The director and the author use the observer principle and are more successful in humanizing the characters than in almost any film outside the Greek-style Easter Canons, where performance is a bit easier, with neither wondrous nor religious themes at the center of such adventures. , This dramatic effort, known for its ardent implementation, good performances, and intelligent dialogue, is a repetitive study.
