Since I'm not a fan of first-person shooters, I was very reluctant to play this game. However, after playing the demo, I was sold. "Undying" really manages to get you involved and to be part of the universe where your character is. You have this green amulet, the "Gel'ziabar Stone", which has special powers and warns you of certain events or things. With a special spell "The Scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. When you walk down a corridor, you suddenly hear the magic stone whisper: "Look", for example, the stone glows a picture. And then you can see strange and scary things on the painting with the Scrye Charm. Let me say that this is scary. People who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget this even when using cheats. This game is based on the character being funny and walking around carefully. As in any horror movie, your environment is usually pretty dark. Ghosts and monsters appear random if you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is this one scene in which you want to enter a room where you are pushed back with so much force that it takes a moment to realize what has happened. This was a scene that could have come directly from the horror classic "Evil Dead"! To experience something like that is a real achievement. There are many elements that bring Undying to the level of the best classic horror films ever produced. But unfortunately I have to report that there are some shortcomings. For one, the universe in which you play is huge. You start in a large villa with all kinds of hidden, secret rooms and even a hidden hell dimension called "Oneiros". That's all right in the beginning. But with all the loading times and some tough opponents in between, it can be frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. Patience is required. There are also some jumping puzzles that you need to do, otherwise you can not get ahead. I do not mind jumping on platforms in third-person adventures. But in first-person mode, this can be an annoying task. Luckily you can save anytime, anywhere. And trust me, you'll need it. Overall, "Undying" is an exceptional first-person shooter that deserves to be played by a horror or game fan.
