My scalp still smells of the burning coals when I swore that I love this movie. Bring the coals. I also go over her and say once again that I love "Bend it like Beckham". Granted, there is a lot of "despite" in this confession. It's a bit of a movie of the week; The script is on the page of colors by numbers. And worryingly, the director's commentary says that beauty in this film is mostly found in the whites of the skin. <br/> <br /> The genius of the film is not what's obvious to the eye treated by Syd Field: character sheets, themes, construction. It is both in the surface and in what lurks deep beneath the surface, but not in the layers of the artistic topsoil that most reviewers seem to scratch. Powerful, sometimes half-dressed, female bodies that are not just showcased, but throw football out of football are better suited to naturalize female power and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will ever do. These are real bodies (with the exception of Keira Knightley) whose job is not to look good and kick later. They are working bodies whose beauty lies in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, leading actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever caught on the screen? Not only because she can appeal to this hackneyed adjective "bright," but also because her performance has honesty and dishonest intelligence, which is absolutely convincing as if she made a pact with the devil. As in Chadha's Bride and Prejudice, relationships between women are bubbling with a chemistry that can not be properly classified into the burly Sweet Valley High categories of "best friends" or "sisters." Maybe Chadha is even right in rejecting the film's flirtation with lesbianism. "Bend it like Beckham" has electricity that can not be confined to the simple hetero / homosexual triangle that its conventionally structured script suggests. The exact nature of his pleasure is ultimately a bit of a mystery. and is all the more seductive. Oh yes, and did I mention that it is weird?
