The saddest thing about this film is that only 8 people were interested in leaving a review, and NO-ONE found it worthwhile to leave a comment on the message boards. <br /> <br /> In the same year as Philadelphia ... the Oscar-winner of Tom Hanks ... that's the movie that people REALLY saw and deserved. There's more humanity, life, love, tenderness, and beauty in these two people than in almost every other gay movie I've ever seen ... and it's all true. <br /> <br /> So this is printed I have to leave a few lines of text: Suffice it to say that anyone who REALLY wants to know what it was like to be gay in the 60s and 70s, and to understand As AIDS was before the modern drug cocktails, "people were allowed to breathe a little easier ... that's the movie you can see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal comment on AIDS, despite everything There was a horror, actually, when AIDS first arrived, it was called "homosexual cancer," and governments preferred to "let it die," instead of spending a penny on research to save a pile of scraps It became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease, but the government was not ready for it, and just as people became ill, only the organizations and associations established by the gays themselves were available to them (examples: The Names Project: the ceiling, which reminds all people died of AIDS; Act Up, etc.). The result is that people who probably never had any contact with gays in their normal lives suddenly counted on them and needed them because no other organization existed. This close contact, in my opinion, is what eventually broke the barriers of prejudice and allowed the straight world to accept gays as equal. When AIDS first appeared in the scene, many of us thought the straight world would use it as a way to get even harder on us ... and that would probably have been true if the straights did not suddenly get sick as well would become. Nevertheless, the progress made in freeing homosexuals - to the point that in this report I accept at least 5 countries in the world who would accept this marriage - these achievements would probably have taken much longer without AIDS. It is sad to think that all these people - heterosexual as well as heterosexual - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I am writing here is true and I think it is a bit of comfort in the realization that all these people did not die for nothing.
