This movie has to be seen in the right mood. First, the central father-son relationship makes it pretty clear that the film was intended as a prelude to his Wong Fei Hung movie "Drunken Master" (ideas from this film are repeated in "Drunken Master II") and not "Young Master" ; The fact that Chan has withdrawn from this plan and renamed the characters shows that he himself was not convinced that the material came together properly, and in fact the film gives a sense of incompleteness, for example, the romantic relationship around which half of the Action turns completely stuck at the end of the movie. "Young Master" also feels oppressed from the same time, but in the end, at least all of his central threads are connected. This film feels like Chan is fighting action and wrestling characters who are trying to find their central theme just to give up the effort, possibly due to time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the movie is just too ambitious. This is an important turning point in Chan's career. because he is committed to developing me The central character is above all other concerns, which is why there is so little kung fu in the entire film. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that happens to contain kung fu. But both the historical and the romantic elements are little more than conspiracies. <br /> <br /> That leaves us the comedy. Since Chan's concern is character development, the comedy is largely character-based - as in the conflict between Chan's character and his best friend a quarrel about a girl. But slapstick is enough. Honestly, I find the comedy amusing enough to forgive the incompleteness of the plot. <br /> <br /> This film is an attempt by Chan to find a workable formula that he can use and develop over time. It does not quite work, and Chan would only find this formula if he gave up the historical elements of his previous films, with the current action comedy "Police Story." But if you look at this movie again, it is still very insightful how Chan worked through the historical genre and why he gave it up.
