Although Louis B. Mayer allegedly had no interest in signing the young Greta Garbo, this first American and MGM movie looked pretty good for the actress. It is obvious that the film was given an amazing talent for filming the production and painting dull pictures, since it has all the beautiful polish and craftsmanship you would expect from the best pictures the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, like her other very early American films, she too looks different. She is recognizable, but her makeup is much softer than it would have been just a year later - giving her a less severe look and gentleness about her that you have not seen in subsequent films. I wish they had kept that look, but considering how famous they would become with the trademark look, who should I say they should not have gone that way ?! The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unjustly forced out of their land by the farmer. While the landlady, the esteemed Doña Bernarda, claims the bank has demanded payment, it's because her son fell in love with Garbo - and how can they get rid of her better than to force her onto the streets! Nice woman, right ?! Years pass by and now Garbo has become a new, world-famous singing sensation. When she returns years later to her hometown, she sees her old friend (who had promised HAD to marry her, but when he refused, when his mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow it). His new love for another woman is now being tested - will he be content to marry this woman, who is a huge pigbearer, or does he want to have his old flame? And more important, will Garbo even bring him back after being so ruthless? In the meantime, a huge rain hits. The land begins to flood and soon houses are being washed away by the deluge. Cortez and a friend make a crazy jump when the dam breaks! In a scene where he apparently put his rowing boat over the stream, he finally brings it to life and the house where Garbo is now. She welcomes you and she will stay with her until the storm is over. Then he admits that he still loves her and dared the storm to make sure she is safe. She tells him to get lost! Next, you see that Ricardo marries his second choice, daughter of the Pigs King. Obviously he has little enthusiasm for it - and you are sorry for the lady because she did not do anything wrong. Soon you see Cortez walking to Garbos house - he is sick and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is quite bright and can not tell him to go - as they dissolve in the arms. Again he tells her about his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns about it, she is not pleased. A pork queen is obviously a better catch than an internationally known singer. Due to the interference of this unpleasant old woman, Garbo leaves - unwilling to come between the mother and her wimpy son. But Cortez comes running and announces that he MUST have her and not rest until he has her as his wife. Moments after this proclamation, a friend of the family speaks to Cortez and persuades him to give it up for the sake of his career and his reputation. So much for "do not rest until he has her for his wife", right? Although Cortez is a weakling through and through, for some reason she can not bring herself to hate him. And so he marries the pig queen and lives a boring life. When Garbo meets Cortez again years later, he is a boring middle-aged man - while he is as beautiful as ever. And not surprisingly she tells him once again that he should get lost. When this movie was made, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. In view of this, it is surprising that they have given Cortez such an unusual character. Instead of the usual confident, Valentino-like role they gave him, he's an undecided sissy - a huge sissy. And from here his career moved in a slow downward spiral. As far as Garbo is concerned, she was established by her role as a great star - as she was THE focus of the film and played a character that is very similar to her later personas because it was very nice, if a bit repetitive. Strangely enough, the print was almost perfect except for the subtitled maps that would require some restoration. And for one of the few times I can think of, I have no real complaints in this excellent movie.
