Conclusion: Zandalee is a young woman who feels increasingly trapped in her marriage to Thierry. Thierry himself struggled with his father's death last year and got lost. He dipped himself into work, laid down his writing, and Zandalee desperately misses the attraction between them. In it Johnny and the old friend of Thierry, who was once an artist in exile, comes together. But Johnny has continued to paint and has only one day job for the rent. He takes the day as he comes and leaves tomorrow his fate. Zandalee and Johnny are harsh and they're having an affair. But Zandalee struggles with her desire and conscience and her love for her husband. But none of them, not Zandalee, not Johnny and not Thierry, can stop the relationships between them to get completely out of control. <br /> <br /> Comment: It's a thriller. But maybe more of a thriller of the heart than a normal thriller about life and death and the danger of violence. Not that a thriller of the heart can not take fatal proportions, but the threat comes from a different angle. And it's not really until the second half in Zandalee until the thriller comes out, and though the foundation is laid in the first half, I can not really call the genre a thriller. Much more a romantic drama than anything else, but with the underlying currents of other genres. The developing thriller is here, but it also has more than a touch of sensual eroticism. Because this is what drives the characters and thus the entire story. Desire. The need to be and the need to be. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, it's pretty good, definitely much better than its current rating (4.1). It takes time, but it gets a good feeling of tension, and it deals well with the erotic part, with taste. It has always been an integral part of the story, it always had to be there to add weight to the story, and I never had the feeling that it was an excuse to show a naked breast or anything like that. Unfortunately, the climax of the story comes a long time before the end, and the end itself feels flat, even if it is dramatic in its own way. The cast is impressive, led by well-known actors such as Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. But the show is almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson. Nice and very clever at playing off the sometimes subtle feelings of desire, she excels, both Cage and Reinhold sometimes go overboard and get a little rough. Her career after that is too thin for the talent she shows in Zandalee. I can only hope that it is her own decision. In addition, two personal favorites appear in small roles, which give the film a certain additional advantage, namely Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. <br /> <br /> If you are in the right mood, this is a very good movie have used another end to get the credit that it really deserves. <br /> <br /> 7/10
