The bored and unhappy young girl Zandalee (an excitingly sultry and vivacious performance of erotic brunette Erika Anderson) feels in a stale and loveless marriage to the failed poet and decent but boring businessman Thierry Martin (a solid and credible portrayal of Judge Reinhold) captured. Zandalee has had a violent, adulterous drive with the filthy and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (deliciously played to the slimy grip of Nicolas Cage). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will everything fall apart and go to seed? Director Sam Pillsbury and scriptwriter Mari Kornhauser embarked on the somewhat hysteria soap opera-style soap opera while trying to tell a would-be story a serious and insightful story about the rampage of lust and its potentially dangerous consequences. The action goes in the laughing third quarter gloriously off the track. The dialogue is also funny stupid and vulgar (example line: "I want to shake you naked and eat you alive"). Better still, this movie definitely offers a lot of delicious female nudity (the gorgeous statuesque Anderson looks smoking hot) and seething semi-pornographic softcore sex scenes (Johnny and Zandalee doing the dirty act in a church confessional booth are considered definitive steamy highlight). The tart'-notangy New Orleans setting adds even more spice to the already fierce processes. Cages Johnny, with his long, scruffy black hair, greasy mustache, nasty mouth, and rough manners, is an absolute shout, because the most unpleasant "romantic" always uses celluloid. The cast deserves props for admirable sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all perform respectable work with their roles, courtesy of Joe Pantoliano as Zandalee's happy, flamboyant, gay friend Gerri, Viveca Lindfors as her wise, attentive mother Tatta and Aaron Neville as friendly bartender Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny, shamelessly shameless thief. Walt Lloyd's sharp and brilliant cinematography gives the picture an attractive sheen. The tasteful, harmonic score of Pray for Rain also hits the mark. A wonderfully pampered and velvety uprising.
