Today I have seen "New York: I love you" and loved it! I was really looking forward to seeing this after seeing 'Paris je t'aime', and overall, I think I enjoyed this much better ... maybe I still have to 'Paris je t'aime' I do not know .. I read some of the reviews here about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without mistakes. Paying tribute to a city like New York can be quite overwhelming, and nothing seems appropriate to do justice to the city. So, if I do not want to go into the flaws of the movie, I'll write about what I write. <br /> <br /> Unlike 'Paris je t'aime', in which each director's short film was segmented and titled properly, NY: ILY is not and many reviewers here have found the seamless combination of stories and overlaps characters annoying and even confusing. I thought differently I loved the way the stories flowed one after another, and I especially liked the overlap of characters - it could be unconventional because it's done so often in movies. But I liked it anyway, because I did not find it necessary. And the idea that we're all connected at the end has a wistful, even bizarre quality - which some might find crazy, but I think it's beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but the one that touched me. Most of all I was from Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so good-natured and scripted that the revelation at the end - again not wasted in the past - brought me to tears and I cried in the following segment. I've always liked Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. That valuable first few seconds when he's standing alone in front of the restaurant before he's called - speak volumes about Cooper's ability to convey a character just by being there without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most stories in This movie is about characters who are meeting for the first time or have recently met, except for 4-5 stories where the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and I could be wrong) that the stories were different, but they all tried to get the point home, even the need to just step back and the people and things we know in a new light to see in our life for a long time; Seeing and appreciating the people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger, just as you did when you met them and first saw them. The other films I liked were the ones of Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and Yvan Attal again with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they are in the café. I really have to see more work from Yvan Attal, as I seem to like him a lot! <br /> <br /> Watch this movie open. Do not read the reviews before you look at them! It does not live up to your expectations of what a movie about and about love in New York should be, and I doubt that any movie will really live up to it. Watch this movie to see some good music, beautiful landscape films, a bit of comfort and a story or two that you might feel in your heart.
