New York, I Love You finally makes it to our shores, but his 10 short stories about love somehow found no reason to be released on Valentine's, probably due to the fact that this year's festival also falls on Lunar New Year LNY blockbuster films by people like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest film at this time with great success. So why fix a formula that has not been broken? <br /> <br /> Continued in the concept of Paris, Je T'aime had begun to spawn the City of Love franchise (Shanghai will be next, so the end of) the final credits here), here it goes Definitely about the interlocking stories that are set in one of the cities of the world to allow different interpretations of filmmakers from all over the world to tell stories based on the theme of love, though someone has probably forgotten it, Scarlett Johansson tells some of the finer ones Points in the sandbox rules, and her shorts were dropped out of the theatrical cutout because she could not fit in anything else (well, she was shot in black and white), but here she hopes at least on the DVD. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less divided compared to its predecessor, which, if the thought suits me, had individual stories within its own boundaries and never really created boundaries out of the artificial. There is a little more scope here in which characters from different stories work together in short filler segments that connect scenes, and not just rely on shots of buildings and landscapes to make things look a little bit more coincidental with the idea of Random encounters among strangers, though a story skillfully adopted this mindset for its own narration to deliver a surprise, though it was already seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the highlights of sitting through a movie Like this one is definitely the creative power behind the stories, of writers, directors and cinematographers from different regions and backgrounds that reflect and assimilate the composition of the cosmopolitan city a concept movie together. And what's more, even the star cast cast, with big names among the lesser known ones, all of whom take off by perfect imagery, be it for the entire length of the short film or as support to build upon it. One can not deny that the first stars recognized Irrfan Khan, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and directing duties), Rachel Bilson (who looks pretty much like Bardot), to Spielberg's blue eyed boy Shia LaBeouf, who played the Surprisingly, in just a few minutes, he can act and show more than just his entire filmography. <br /> <br /> Story wise: As with any anthology, you will find some that will automatically appeal to you and to others who are interested t Some are naturally straightforward, while others have to come up with gimmicks, that thankfully worked. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer had the duty to integrate everything for a more organic feel, rather than simply taking shots of lesser-known areas and established landmarks), lacked something more "spirit" from his predecessor, With stories more rooted in reality compared to some of the fantastic elements in the previous film (Elijah Wood's altercation with a vampire?) Or even less adventurous narrative style (Christopher Doyle's and Tom Tykwer's Natalie Portman). Here it seemed as if the filmmakers had opted for security, and no one ventured into this adventure and experimentation spirit. <br /> <br /> In addition to the small criticisms, I still enjoyed almost all the short films here, unlike many others felt about it. The short film format is still very much alive, and when put together to a feature under the banner of the City of Love, it works well and I was wondering which other cities were included in the cast. I hope that the franchise arrives here and spreads its influence. We certainly have enough prolific filmmakers to string a Singapore together, I Love You, so keep your fingers crossed for something to materialize on the street. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee-Bangkok route, where the franchise rules are not respected.
