Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker, and even Guy Williams (as the cousin who was used as successor to Adam in 1964 for several episodes when he left the series). The cast had chemistry and they really seemed to like each other. As a result, many of their weakest stories work much better than they should. It has also turned many of her best stories into a great western drama. <br /> <br /> Like every show that has made more than thirty episodes each season, there are also some weak ones. Mostly, however, each episode had an interesting story, conflicts, and a solution that did not normally involve violence. While Bonanza was a Western, shooting was never considered a major attraction. While I'm a fan of The Rifleman and Wanted: Dead Or Alive; These shows usually ended in a shootout. In shootouts, there were many westerns that solved any conflict, and Bonanza was very different because he was trying to seek peaceful solutions and harmony instead of killing many shootings. These episodes are in contrast to the rest of the series, but are on and off pretty good. When Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show in 1964, Guy Williams was substituted for him. Williams played the role of a long-lost cousin. Unfortunately, Whitaker decided for another year, so Williams was spelled out of the series when he moved to marry Adam's old friend. If Williams stayed for the duration of Bonanza, one wonders how much better the series would have been in the years after 1965, when Pernell Whitaker left the series. Undoubtedly, as soon as Pernell Whitaker was gone. In the series, the stories focused more on comedy and country hijinks. Whitaker had often played hard in many episodes, and his absence left a void in the cast. Little Joe always wanted to play the nice kid, and Hoss always wanted to play the good old boy with gold heart. Since Ben was the benevolent and wise patriarch of the family, this did not leave too much room for shootings. <br /> <br /> At some point they hired a ranch worker named Candy (David Canary), who became their fourth member of the cast, but Candy was never in shootings and he was little more than an older version of Little Joe. For a year or two, they also had Ben in another lost cousin (Jamie, played by the forgetful Mitch Vogel), who was a teenager who usually got into trouble with someone. Obviously with the teenager the studio wanted to attract younger viewers. It also gave the authors the opportunity to write episodes about teenage issues, alcohol, delinquency, etc. These types of sermon episodes were popular in the 1960s as a reaction of the establishment's media to the counterculture movement. Dragnet was probably the most popular source of law and order, though Hawaii 5-0, The F.B.I. and many other shows also tried to jump on the train by making TV shows with irresponsible teenagers that caused mischief, chaos and crime. The addition of a teenager to the cast gave the Cartwrights more chances to show off and solve problems, but these episodes feel very good and are generally not very good. After Dan Blocker died, the series limped about a year before being canceled. The last season was pretty bad, as Little Joe was tracking down his wife's killers, and most of the episodes were a bit depressing, as Little Joe usually drank or otherwise remembered how much he loved his wife and how unfair that was was killed. <br /> <br /> I do not think I have ever seen the last episode of the series, and I wonder if they ever somehow completed it. Last year, only Ben (Lorne Greene) actually lived on the Ponderosa, as Adam had moved away (and as a guest never came back) and Hoss had died and Little Joe after his wife (in the series) was killed by drifters. <br /> <br /> Overall, the era from 1959 to 1965 is the best of the series. As soon as Adam left, he slowly declined. Most shows before 1970 are also pretty good. Around 1970, the series tried hard, hip and up-to-date, and she had lost much of her western taste. The addition of Candy and the teenage boy also weakened the overall quality of the show, and the death of Hoss (Dan Blocker) was the last nail. Bonanza is probably the best Western series ever produced, and out of the 465 episodes that have been produced, at least one hundred of them are an outstanding Western drama! That's a pretty good record. Even the worst of Bonanza is better than many other TV shows.
