I grew up with this classic Western series and always felt it was something special as a kid to stay up late on Sunday evening. Bonanza is still a great deal to see in re-runs. The series tells the adventures of the Cartwright family who live on a ranch near the Civil War near Virginia City, Nevada. Her ranch (called Ponderosa) is run and defended by the widowed father Ben and his three unmarried sons Adam, Hoss and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers, all of whom died years ago. The Cartwrights are a hard-working, wealthy and honorable family, highly regarded in these areas. The ponderosa is tall, so reaching the extremities requires a lot of riding. Often, travel is required to buy or sell cattle, etc. Needless to say, few of these trips are uneventful. Although hospitable, much of the energy of cartwrights must be spent defending their ranch from intruders or protecting themselves from the citizens who are jealous of their wealth and reputation. The cartwrights fire their weapon pretty high in the air and shoot only when they are considered absolutely necessary. They are involved in various urban affairs, even in Nevada political life. <br /> <br /> One of the main benefits of the series is the underlying warmth that exists (despite occasional disagreements) between Ben and his three sons and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three brothers. Well, one brother may occasionally beat another, but usually has a good reason for it, and his anger never lasts too long! The characters are all very well drawn. Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man of great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and courteous of the brothers, left the series. The middle brother, Hoss, is a gentle giant of a teddy bear who has an insatiable hunger for food and is a little shy near the ladies. The youngest, Little Joe, is a handsome, charming head that has a pretty good relationship with women. This trio of brothers enjoys various romances, but their love interests are usually killed at the end of the episode, or the marriage proves impossible for some reason. The actors are all outstanding in their role, including Pernell Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe) and of course Lorne Greene as principled family patriarch Ben. I also love ranch cook Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful western action with great values. The Cartwrights are always the noble heroes and most bad guys are vicious. If there were only more programs on television today like this vintage western!
