Walt Disney and its 9 Old Men have taken Cinderella's classic 1950s tale in a different direction that might be considered an inofficial "fairytale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> THE PLOT: Cinderella is a nice girl who can not take a break. She is the daughter of a nice, wealthy widower who loved her very much, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's dad felt she needed a mother figure, and eventually married the woman named Lady Tremaine got known. herself a widow with two daughters about the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed to get along well, but then Cinderella's father died, and Lady Tremaine's true nature was revealed-she was a cold, cruel, callous, heartless, mean woman, and she passed those qualities on to her daughters, who were spoiled , courageous and just as mean. Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know deep inside that she looks better and, overall, is a prettier, more attractive woman (d. H., The Men Appeals). Her mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. As the years passed, Lady Tremaine began to waste the family's fortune in a stubborn but futile quest to improve / refine her awkward, unattractive daughters (calling them all "homey" would be an insult to homely people everywhere), while all three Cinderella rejected the house's multitasking servant, she abuses, abuses and humiliates her at every opportunity they get (they particularly love to increase their already absurd workload). This brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she has developed into a good-looking young lady who somehow manages to remain kind and nice despite her abusive stepmother, and keeps hoping that one day the tables will close turn their favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets the chance of freedom and happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the native prince to a young girl who can welcome her as a wife, settle down, start a family, and so on her stepfamily, preventing her from even physically attacking her and tearing the dress she had procured herself (with some help from her mouse friends - the dress belonged to her birth mother). , Finally beyond her break, Cinderella runs into the yard, crying desperately. At this point, her little fairy, a small, clumsy, happy woman, arrives and supplies Cinderella with transportation and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression on the ball if she entered the scene as if she had just one) Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls heavily after her, but this annoying midnight rule stands in the way, forcing her to flee, but leaves behind a glass shoe Make a long story short - after a long, harrowing search for that Cinderella finds herself mysterious girl by trying on the glass slipper, and she and the prince marry and give her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a fun Disney classic. Not without its flaws that the prince is little more than a MacGuffin to advance the plot - he has very little time on the screen and fewer dialogues, so w Never get to know him very well, or get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate, as the prince was originally supposed to play a bigger role, according to documentary), and a few extra scenes that Cinderella himself worked out might have been helpful his a song that showed her fantasies of transforming herself into an army of girls to clean up the house, as well as to listen to her step-cinematography ball to show her amusement at her jealousy cut because Walt herself felt she would look spiteful. , Even so, Cinderella herself is a sympathetic heroine, even though she is held up by her mouse friends, and the film has a sweetness that is becoming harder to find these days. If this were done now, Cinderella would probably go into a bigger fight against her family during the trick scene and probably get off to a climax (either by pulling the lock herself or making an impractical but exciting jump from her window) but that is irrelevant. <br /> <br /> And for anyone who claims that Cinderella is setting a bad example to young girls, well, do you think that - at least Cinderella has not publicly exposed herself to drunk and indecent, unlike some modern "princesses" (You know who I mean).
