People criticize Disney's animated features of the 1950s for being overly shiny and in much too untouched landscapes. This criticism is justified. And yet it can not be the whole story, because the two least shiny ones - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, embedded in a world where the dirt sparkles, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent. The colors are pure without being too bright. The animation varies a bit. I swear that some of the people are rotoscoped - but then the rotoscoped humans (including Cinderella himself) are not full characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. It's really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio had never used animals as totems before and not as sidekicks. The mice, for example, are the creatures that pull us into the story; but they are really representatives or allies of the colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch the Wicked Stepmother is familiar with. (The cat is brilliantly designed and animated - one of the best cat creations of all time.) The supervising animator was Ward Kimball and he modeled his own cat, I wonder how he accepts the animal.) This approach allows the animals to watch the show steal without drawing our attention from the main story. Their actions are of great interest only against the background of the main story. <br /> <br /> Supporting performers include the King and the Grand Duke. The king is a one-note figure - he wants grandchildren and does not seem to have any other wishes - but the note is met in a pleasing manner. The Grand Duke is an angry figure who deserves to be lifted out of his sphere just as much as Cinderella. (Though, of course, he's richer.) "Cinderella" is Disney's return after an eight-year break, and neither with him nor with a later movie would he regain the raw brilliance of his early years. He also made matters difficult by selecting "Cinderella." She is a passive heroine and there is not much that can be done about it. (Perhaps I am wrong in this regard - I have not seen the last Ever After.) Nevertheless, it is remarkable how successful Disney was at bringing this uncompromising story to life without cutting the spirit of her mind.
