Legendary film producer Walt Disney brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. They are among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his seminal classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs," published in 1937. The last one was the then underrated "Sleeping Beauty", which made its debut in 1959 Fairy Tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the one most faithful to his origins. Ironically, unlike "Snow White," which for the better or worse has become the final version of the story for many. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit and "Snow White" was responsible for restoring the dwindling Disney assets, it never achieved the same recognition it deserved. Disney was exceptionally proud not to manipulate a classic, but to refine and substantiate the story instead of rewriting it for the screen. The result was charming. <br /> <br /> A combination of superb animation (in beautifully soft technicolor) and the perfect vocal talent awakened the story with a charisma that continues to this day. Ilene Woods, a radio performer, recorded the songs' demonstration discs as a favor to the writers of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David, and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And he had actually done it. Wood's heartfelt renditions of "A dream is a wish your heart makes," "So is this love" and "Oh sing sweet nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, later to be pronounced Maleficent in Sleeping Beauty, masterfully captured the stepfather's icy cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly evil step-sisters. Luis Van Rooten played in a wonderful manner both as King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was popular both as Jaq and as Gus, the devoted mice of Cinderella. William Phipps has little dialogue as a prince (future talk show presenter Mike Douglas provided his vocal), but film (and Disney) veteran Verna Felton was born a fairy goddess, "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo"). Stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the film was Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was much admired by Disney. Their elegant backgrounds from the French period contribute significantly to the quality of the film. Most important, however, are the credible characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the stepfather's deliciously evil cat. They bring both life and liveliness into the often told story, which is difficult to create in a cartoon. In connection with the film's 55th anniversary (and not so coincidentally the upcoming holiday) "Cinderella" has just been released on a Special Edition DVD. It just never looked better. The fully restored film must be seen to be appreciated - suffice to say it looks wonderful. An improved stereo soundtrack has been added to make the music good. The DVD extras, now standard on the Disney Platinum Editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are aimed at children, some are aimed at adults, and the rest falls somewhere in between. But true fans will want the Deluxe Gift Set, which includes a film cell and eight character sketches, along with a 160-page hardcover book that not only contains most of the material contained in the book with the CD. Home video -Publication of 1995, but also much more. As is usual with Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So if you're a lover of "Cinderella" like me, get it NOW! This edition is really a "dream come true".
