Parker and Stone transform their explosive, explosive humor from their animated masterpiece into a full-length live action movie with generally good results. The biggest part of the movie consists of Trey and Matt running amok with their new toy box. The plot is simple: two average men are inventing a new sport, a mix of baseball entry-level basketball that becomes a national boast. Along the way, they encounter numerous sporting film clichés and send them up along with all the other popular cultures that come to their minds. It's like an extended South Park episode, with the usual machine-gun dialogues, toilet humor and sermons from the heart. If this movie has a weakness, it's the connection with the team that gave us. "Airplane" and the "Naked Gun" series. This influence is clearly demonstrated by the strong use of lame visual gels and the presence of a shiny and more two-dimensional Yasmine Bleeth in Priscilla Presley's usual role. Robert Vaughn makes it a bit better to play the corporate club, which has been as impartial as it can be since "Bullitt" and "Ernest Borgnine", but he has to admit he's perfect for the crazy team owner For all those who have not realized, Parker and Stone seem more comfortable as rockstar wannabe than comics. This manifests itself in the meaning that is given to the soundtrack in almost everything he creates. As usual, they give a good selection here, including the compulsory title of their own vehicle that does not consist of a PC, and a DVDA. Not to mention. <br /> <br /> Special mention must be made of Dian Bachar, who deserves a certain degree of endurance for the film It is a difficult task to play Stan against Parker and Stone's furious Cartmans couple. In summary, this is an entertaining comedy that is held back from its full potential by too much confidence in the "naked gun / airplane". Formula. Parker and Stone could do something really brilliant (or terrible) if they were given full control of a future movie. America either locks these people in or assigns them.
