while the hardened detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler fit into the cinema like a fox in a chicken coop - indeed creating the definitive modern American genre and style - the romance of the Golden Age has barely made any impression whatsoever. The problem with books like Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (whose work this movie is based on) is that they have little action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe cross the streets of LA, homes, bars, Offices, wealthy mansions and all sorts of exciting dangers and violence. The fiction of the Golden Age is usually set in place, at the scene of the murder, usually a lavish country home, notes and interviews with suspects. This is a very static procedure, the plot is reduced to a puzzle. <br /> <br /> Of course this is just as ideological as anything else, the stories of the Golden Age, dealing with a society that opposes change and movement; the hard-nosed novels that pick up an urban reality that is increasingly moving away from a center (both authority and city) into hostile, ever-uncontrollable and lawless camps. Another major problem with Golden Age fiction is character - because we can not know the answer to the crime to the very end, we can not gain access to the motivations or emotions of the characters because they are defined only by their potential need for murder. Unlike the frightened, prejudiced private eyes, the detectives are just there to be brilliant, and maybe a bit eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most movies from the books of the Golden Age is that they try to be periods repeats of the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen School, and in the end they look stupid. There have been successes, such as the radical overhaul of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. There were only two in the English-speaking world. The Alistair Sim classic "Green For Danger" works because it almost parodies the form, while never revealing the integrity or interest of the secret. <br /> <br /> Before that came Michael Curtiz's brilliant Kennel Murder case. The narrative is the pure Golden Age. A repulsive character is introduced, stating a number of potential suspects to kill him. He is properly murdered in a seemingly foolproof manner, indicating a suicide that has collapsed in a locked room. The caricatured policemen fall hopelessly on the bait. It is up to Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, to read the clues more revealing, to open the case out of the bounds of space, and finally to solve the case, the corpse being little more than the pretext of intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> Interesting is not this detective plot, which can only be unsatisfactory, since all the solutions are so, though it is rarely less entertaining and full of weird business sections. There is not really an attempt to "undermine" the perfect detective's image - there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to clean up a suspect without Vance protesting, but that's it. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Kennel as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great author because he has no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was Hollywood's greatest craftsman and he's here in sensational shape. If the Golden Age detective story is only a mystery, Curtiz implements this idea as logically extreme and creates an abstract variation of its source, reducing the narrative, character, and location to geometry, a series of lines, of the beautiful Art deco sets to glorious camera movements that suddenly break out of a static composition and, as they glide furiously at an angle, bring the dead decor to life. <br /> <br /> This treatment lends itself to a story that resolutely rejects realism, a pattern that transforms the detective story into a Hall of Mirrors, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, which is an "unsolved mystery." Book is borrowed. This fantasy world of wicked rich men collecting oriental relics (shadow of the "moonstone"?), Inscrutable Chinese servants, former butt-butlers, dog-loving fops and Runeyon policemen is the perfect habitat for Vance to do so Take a cruise to Europe a fanciful idea who knows the social world of these people and yet is sullied by his interest in crime and attachment to the police, or if it were nothing more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, has bravely subsumed his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But when the treatment gets scarce, the climax is spectacularly brutal and brings with it malignant dogs and murder attempts. The police and the detective, allegedly to prevent crime, are guilty of having imposed one.
