There are some movies that every horror fanatic owes himself, and Emilio Miraglias "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte". "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. Since Gialli and Gothic Tales are my two favorite subgenres in horror, I was really looking forward to seeing this movie for a while, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece exceeded my highest hopes. Miraglia's earlier Giallo, "The Night Evelyn Arised" (1971), was already a scary and highly atmospheric film that successfully blended Giallo with Gothic horror, but was unlike any personal personal favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is undoubtedly one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian horror films ever made, and no genre lover could consider missing it. An incredibly fascinating giallo with strong gothic elements. "The Red Queen" has everything you could ask for in both genres: an imaginative and incredibly compelling plot, spooky suspense, an eerily sinister setting and a truly eerie atmosphere of color, stylish murders, brilliant film music, and last but not least a gorgeous female Cast, led by the stunningly beautiful Barbara Bouchet, this film is simply one of the most outstanding combinations of elegant beauty and sheer terror. <br /> <br /> The movie begins incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fought when her grandfather tells the story behind an incredibly sinister painting: According to legend, a devilish red lady is supposed to return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly people are being murdered ... Director Miraglia had already demonstrated his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful horror with "The Night Evelyn arose", and he uses these elements in this gem much more effectively. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is indeed a feast for the eyes and one of the most overwhelming Italian horror films, both visually and in terms of plot. Only the haunting painting in the grandfather's castle can give the viewer the goose bumps. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, as she's known in the English title) is arguably the meanest figure in a giallo, and the scary laughter that accompanies the murders alone would be scary. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a giallo, and this is a good example of this. The gorgeous Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) has to be one of the most beautiful women ever seen on screen, and she's also a great actress. Bouchet's presence has seen many Italian films, including playing in three of the greatest cult masterpieces of Italian cinema of the 70s in one year (1972): Fernando Di Leo's "Milano Calibro 9", Lucio Fulcis Giallo highlight "Don" tortures A Duckling "and this memorable jewel Apart from the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the beautiful female cast of the film includes the sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti (" The Night Evelyn came out of the grave ") and other beauties that do Do not be afraid to wear it for the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the entire movie, the killings are stylish and extremely elegant, but scary and macabre at the same time, and some of them are pretty bloody - the intriguing score of Bruno Nicolai is so memorable that the eerie atmosphere of the film becomes even more intense, the action is refined and full of red herrings, the tension increases with every minute. "Th e Red Queen ... "begins eerily and remains breathtaking until the last second. Overall, this is one of the films for which I can not find enough praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece, easily one of the best gialli ever made, and a top priority for any horror and / or Italian horror fan. 10/10
