Michael Curtiz directed this 1930 very stylish Whodunit from a screenplay by Robert Presnell senior, Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "The Kennel Murder Case," perhaps the best of the Philo Vance mysteries of the peculiar S.S. Van Dine. Vance was a long-sighted and superior detective genius, and his character, assigned to William Powell, probably meant that Warner Brothers executives were aware that this detective might alienate viewers in less committed hands. Fortunately, they first assigned the figure to the beloved William Powell; Later, he was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William, and Paul Lukas before being placed in the image status "B". The other question, which is always the case with Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as their character. Her preference was to choose men who operated outside the law, with no apparent discrimination between a vicious murderer and an advocate of individual rights against all present. This movie has a despicable villain who is murdered and a claustrophobic challenging environment in an apartment complex. The figures are undoubtedly unusually well implemented, the direction rather good and unusually fast. Apart from a dark black and white look, the film avoids the comedic side effects, superfluous characters, and irrelevant dialogues characteristic of many early detectives. Jack Okey has taken the good art direction. The music of Berhard Kaun is useful; Orry-Kelly did the costumes. William Reese provided the most indoor cinematography. In the interesting cast, Powell is THE Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober and with a touch of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual when playing Vance with his highly professional timing as an admirable police partner. The other actor who does the best is the handsome Paul Cavangh who, as always, is very effective in a red herring piece. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career she spoke a bit too fast to be as effective as she later proved. Also in the cast were Helen Vinson as the wife of the villain, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain everyone has to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his likable brother to Robert McWade as DA; quirky and funny Etiienne Girardot has a witty role as a funny little forensic doctor who comes to the scene. James Lee as the maltreated Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. First, at a dog show, Shad-Ding's show Vance, Coe, and Cavanagh West Highland Terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title because of his own entry. The second part of the scene includes a farewell; Someone is confused enough who went to Coe from his girlfriend Vinson to mistakenly murder his cute brother. Enter Vance to find out, with the help of Palette, who worked in Archer Coe in a locked room. The romantic difficulties are resolved, the Chinese servant is relieved, we learn who broke the expensive vase, who will marry whom, how Archer Coe was made and why the butler did not - but someone else with a good excuse did is more than a good little puzzle that Hungarian-born director Curtiz took very seriously. To achieve variety, interest and a sustained pace, he used cloths, quick cuts, changes in the camera angle and switching between straightforward and daring camera work. Many authors, critics and experts, including myself, consider this the best Vance project, though others can be appreciated.
