"Markham," urban gentleman crime solver Philo Vance (William Powell) tells prosecutors, "I've come to believe more and more that Archer Coe was killed in this room, this poker, this dagger sheath, now this one." Fragments ... it's all here. "But Vance," says Markham, "are you telling me that a dead person has gone up the stairs?" "I'm not trying to tell you anything but the facts," says Vance. "This is the most notable case in my experience . <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic: the wealthy, arrogant Archer Coe, who did not like all who knew him, had been folded in his bedroom with a pistol in his hand and a gunshot wound But wait, another examination shows that Coe was hit hard by a blunt instrument that had broken his skull, and then the dagger was wounded in his back, complicated by the fact that Coe's bedroom door and windows were all locked from the inside Coe was not suicide, it was murder, but how could the killer have escaped, what was the specific motivation, because there are so many suspects, and why was Coes brother Brisbane Coe found dead in the cupboard downstairs? The Kennel Murder Case, now 73 years old, still offers a stylish view of the old classics with enclosed spaces. What makes it as good as it does work first, the secret is complicated and smart, but still logical. Second, William Smith's amusing, assured performance. Consider his work as Philo Vance as a bit of rehearsal for his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his mind to put things together. He is also a good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s, steadily rising in status and popularity as the talks began. His intelligence, style and effortless refinement have made him one of the most contemporary actors of all time. <br /> <br /> It's also nice to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, vindictive and possibly rich community of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as the titled Briton, hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson in her conspicuously sultry and selfish manner (see how she really does her stuff in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a little older man like the mad Dr. Doremus, whose job as an examining magistrate and forensic doctor constantly lifts him from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary to Archer Coe. This movie has a high percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fat who can wear comfortable, tailored suits in English cut. Above all, Eugene Palette as Detective Sergeant Heath with his noble belly and gravel voice is there. Sergeant Heath and Vance are longtime acquaintances who actually seem to like each other.
