I feel a little protective of this movie because it's my introduction to the U.N.C.L.E. The year was 1972 and I.T.V. On Saturday night, all eight features ran in a single pass (followed by reruns of "The Persuaders" with Tony Curtis and Roger Moore). "The Karate Killers" was selected to open the season. It started with a cool action sequence when the sports car of Solo and Kuryakin was attacked by a squadron of THRUSH minicopters. I was a fan of life from that moment on. <br /> <br /> After the main tensions (it's nice to see a special title sequence here, instead of the usual way of slowing down action footage), we go to the lab of Dr. Simon True (Jim Boles), inventor a new formula for extracting gold from seawater. Tru's wife Amanda (Joan Crawford) had an affair with THRUSH agent Randolph (Herbert Lom). He is a reckless guy and kills both the doctor and his wife before he looks for the formula. True has prepared for the event - he has divided it into five segments, each written in a photo of himself, and sent it to his five daughters, all scattered around the world Kuryakin wanted to get the formula first, which led to a series of episodes in various locations, and cameos of people like Telly Savalas (as an Italian Count with a severe fist), Terry-Thomas and Curt Jurgens. One of Dr.True's daughters - Sandy (Kim Darby) - accompanies the U.N.C.L.E. Boys on their global search. <br /> <br /> After putting the formula together, THRUSH appears and gets them to hand them over before taking them to their secret base on the North Pole ... <br /> <br /> From all UNCLE Feature films, this is the film that I should have produced specifically for the cinema. It hurts to be a television product, albeit a bit more expensive than usual. No on-site filming was done, and the various segments act repetitively, normally in a scrap between U.N.C.L.E. empties. and THRUSH. In the cast, Joan Crawford is memorably hammering in her small role, and Curt Jurgens has been badly misunderstood as a sugar dad. As London Bobby, Terry-Thomas is as adorable as ever, and Herbert Lom is the main villain. Kim Darby thanks as 'Sandy'. She should have stayed home. <br /> <br /> The surprising thing is that it's more amusing and entertaining than many official movie releases of that time, including "In Like Flint." Casino Royale "and" The Ambushers. "I would like to know how solo and company THRUSH H.Q. after Randolph's death but
