It could have been a better movie. It draws points, and the central story changes from Boyer, who fulfills his mission, to Boyer, who avenges Wanda Hendrix's death, but Graham Greene is an author who is really hard to ruin. His stories are all moral stories, due to his own reflections on Catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his world view) and the human situation. Boyer is Luis Denard, a well-known concert pianist who has worked with the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. He was sent to England to try to carry out an arms purchase contract that is urgently needed. Unfortunately, he is literally alone for Denard - each of his contacts turns out to be a willing cloak for the falafelists of Spain. In particular, Katina Paxinou (Mrs. Melendez), a cruel pensioner, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras), a teacher of an international Esperanto language. Wanda Hendrix is ​​the mockery of a girl (Else) who works for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken), is already a willing employee of the Falangists. The British (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander and the best - if not the worst - George Coulouris) do not care much about Gib Boyer's cause (which he soon resorts to can soon be British). Herbert and Mander are just behind the official policy of neutrality imposed by the governments of Ramsay MacDonald and Stanley Baldwin during the Civil War. Coulouris is a typical Col. Blimp guy here - he is always in his native language and shows his aversion to foreigners in general. <br /> <br /> The only ray of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen) trying to play her part as well as possible - but she really can not. She is an aristocrat - the daughter of a press lord. It was Bacall's second film, and (sadly) almost lost her long career. She behaves well, but the spark she showed in her first film was due to the double effect of starring Humphrey Bogart and directed by Howard Hawks. Boyer is a good actor, but he's not a bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not a hawks. Her next movie brought her back to Bogie and Hawks, and her star continued his ascent. <br /> <br /> It's a dark movie (like the novel). Boyer's mission never succeeds as he has too many hidden enemies. But even the villains are losers - often with their lives. <br /> <br /> With Dan Seymour as the suspect foreign tenant of Katina Paxinou (and the man who destroyed her). It pays to catch Warner's many character actors doing their best in the face of weakness in the direction.
