Gregory Peck's brilliant portrayal of Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, which largely led to his replacement as UN commander during the Korean War, suggests all three of the above. Certainly, the most controversial American general of World War II (and possibly even MacArthur) is portrayed here as a man of massive contradictions. He claims that soldiers long for peace above all, although he is obviously glorious in the war; He consistently denies any political ambitions, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to strengthen himself as a presidential candidate. he obviously believes that soldiers under his command must follow his instructions to the letter, even though he deliberately defies the instructions of the President of the United States; He shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and in Japan) and yet is completely out of touch with his own country. All these things are in balance in this film, and in the end it is up to the viewer to draw his own conclusions about the man, though it is undoubtedly stated that MacArthur loved his country and especially the army sincerely and passionately he dedicated his life to the man , <br /> <br /> Peck's performance, as I said, was awesome - actually so good that it overshadows virtually everyone else in the movie (which may be appropriate if portrayed!)) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. While I have a compelling look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur, sarcastically (repeatedly referred to as MacArthur's "His Majesty") annoyed, frustrated, and finally fed up with this General, who simply does not respect his authority as President. Marj Dusay was also mesmerizing as MacArhur's wife Jean, who was dedicated to her husband (whom she described as a "general," though her relationship had apparently been a happy relationship.) I really enjoyed this movie, though I might have liked it a bit to have learned about MacArthur's early life. I've always laughed at MacArthur's reaction to the election of President Eisenhower ("He's going to be a good president - he was the best damned employee I've ever had") - which summarizes MacArthur's opinion, especially of the President, on his military Commanders during the war.) It's worth seeing. 8.10
