It's notable that mine is just the third review of the film, while "Patton Lust for Glory," former producer Frank McCarthy's biography of a controversial World War II American general, has yielded nearly a hundred comments so far. Like another reviewer, I'm fascinated by why one movie should have received so much more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> One difference between the two films is that 'Patton' is more focused and focused on a relative value shortly after and immediately after the end of World War II, while MacArthur not only has this war, but his Role in the Korean War and covering his time as US Governor of occupied Japan during the interlude /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are played. Gregory Peck dominates this movie even more than George C. Scott `Patton '. While Scott had another big star, Karl Malden, who faced him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in "MacArthur" are at least known for their film work. Of course, Scott portrayed Patton as aggressive and fiery, a man who at times made war with the rest of humanity, not just the enemy. I suspect that General MacArthur was as volcanic in real life as Patton, but that's not how he appears in this film. Peck's MacArthur is more thoughtful, thoughtful and comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. Sometimes he even seems to be a man of the political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 may have been written by a paid member of the CND, and his policy of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation has a semi-socialist atmosphere. In an attempt to show some of MacArthur's gift for inspiring leadership, Peck makes him an excellent speaker, but his speeches seem to owe more and more to the studied tricks of the practiced rhetorician than to any fire in the heart. It's as if Atticus Finch of "To Kill a Mockingbird" wore the uniform of a general. <br /> <br /> While Scott tried a wart and all portrait of Patton, the criticism of "MacArthur" was voiced. Try to gloss over some of the less appealing qualities of the subject. I think that this criticism is appropriate, especially as far as the Korean War is concerned. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to stand up to meddling, militarily ignorant politicians who did not know how to wage the war, and was dismissed for his pain when the victory was within reach was. Of course, many historians believe that Truman had to dismiss MacArthur because his behavior became a threat to world peace, and he had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin had not humiliated his Chinese allies. Even in the Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur seems more idealistic than his real original was likely to be. we see little of his rashness and naivety in political matters. (Truman's comment: "He knows as much about politics as a pig knows about Sunday," Eisenhower said, but could equally well be applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the movie's attempt to paint some warts by MacArthur reflects the time it was made. The late 1970s, following the two traumas of Vietnam and Watergate, were a difficult time for America, and a security-seeking public would have welcomed a comforting heroic portrayal of a previous-generation military figure. Another criticism I would make of the film is that it falls between two stools. If it was to be a complete biography of MacArthur, something from his early life should have been shown that is not treated at all. (The first thing we see of the General is when he leads the American Resistance against the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One theme that runs through the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, who is himself a military hero. I would have liked to see what kind of man Arthur MacArthur was and why his son considered him such a hero and role model. Another interesting way to make the film would have been to focus on Korea and MacArthur's clash with Truman, with the two men as prominent as the actors they are of similar size. The way the movie was actually shot seemed to me to be less interesting than these two alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> However, it would be wrong to give the impression that I did not like the movie at all. Although I disagreed with Peck's interpretation of the lead role, there is no denying that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, professional biography, thoughtful and informative. It's a good movie, but one that could have been better. 10.7. <br /> <br /> In a pedantic note, the map showing MacArthur during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the borderline between the two Korean states that emerged only after the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th parallel). I also believe that MacArthur was referring to the "tocsin" of the war. War may be poisonous, but it's difficult to listen to a poison with a thirsty ear.
