When I was over at Hollywood Video, I looked through their films and there was DEMONICUS for five Buckaroos plus fifty percent off! I have only seen it once and could not give up so much! The second consideration was much better than the first one. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus yet, I recommend that you do so, or if you have hired and hated Demonicus, give it another chance, as re-viewing may change your mind. If you've seen a copy of Hollywood Video for the price I got it for, do not drop it off as it's a great deal. Demonicus is a different but entertaining movie. Believe it or not It's like seeing an interactive video game without playing it! It has a very small budget and actors that I'm sure no one is familiar with. We started the video game. I mean, movie with a man and a woman somewhere in Italy. There is a cave there that actually looks like a railroad / railroad track tunnel. The normal stuff! HE HAD NOT HEARD YOU! He goes in there and finds many gladiator artifacts and armor and an almost perfectly preserved corpse of a legendary gladiator called Tyrannous! Where did the chair that Tyrannous sat on and how his body stayed so well and where the Cauldron Pot came from? So, each cave is fully equipped with a Caultron Pot. Tyrannous wears his armor, his helmet, and has one or two weapons. He does the stupidest thing a human can do, he puts on the helmet and is taken over by the spirit of Tyrannous! From there he walks around killing all the campers nearby to bring back the real tyrannus. Now I said it's like a video game. It's hard to explain, but it just feels that way. The music even sounds like video games. Acting is really terrible. The actors say things like, why, he does that, oh he was crazy and good, since he's crazy I'm going home! Also the movie has some big mistakes A guy runs and tries to find his girlfriend at night and still runs in the daytime, still looking for her without taking a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some bugs, but it's not a mistake classics like Werewolf, but it's entertaining, if you like really low priced, low-budget movies then you better see Demonicus!
