The author and director Henry Brommel has done a wonderful job with his film "Panic" from the year 2000. This includes the choice of his cast: William H. Macy, Tracy Ullman, John Knight, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland and Barbara Bain David Dorfman. Brommel has cast Ullman and Ritter in uncharacteristic roles, and the unusual casting is a welcome change from what we normally see. <br /> <br /> "Panic" is the story of a hit, Alex (Macy) Who actually works for his father (Sutherland). He covers his true profession by working by mail order; It looks like he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are a typical suburban family. Alex is dissatisfied with his life and seeks the help of a psychiatrist (knight) who only tells his mother (Bain) about it. In the waiting room he meets a young woman (Campbell), to which he is immediately attracted, which further complicates his situation. His mother breaks her promise and tells his father about the psychiatrist. When Alex gets his next assignment, he discovers he should kill his psychiatrist. <br /> <br /> This is a full story of a gentle, good man murdered by a father's monster with his mother. Knowing who kills to please his father, but can not exist with him and stop. His anger is so deep that he has lost the emotional attachment to almost everything and everyone but his son - and it is his son, after all, who wakes him from an almost lifelong repression. When it's time for "panic," it moves quickly - "Panic" does not seem to panic at all. In fact, it moves very slowly. But it moves slowly, not because it's done badly - the slowness is aware and reflects Alex's own psyche slowly coming out of the fog. By deciding on Sara, the Campbell character, and seeing his character, his own psychiatrist, as living, breathing humans, Alex begins to connect what he does and who he is - and how he does not - Jive And the difference between the two could lead to the loss of another psyche, Sammy. William Macy gives another brilliant performance, as a loving father, distant husband and cold killer, child of two years, monsters who never cared about his feelings or desires, a man who finally realizes he's on the plate or the cycle must repeat. <br /> <br /> This is not a drama that plays well in a movie theater. It's too adult, too small, too subtle, too character-oriented and too good.
