It is always sad when such "fringe" films are overlooked by the majority of moviegoers. "Panic" is a wonderfully compelling and poignant study of a character who feels trapped in the futility of his own life. William H. Macy is as convincing as Alex as always. This good actor seems to have a special talent to hold to your heart no matter how flawed his characters may be. We can not always agree with the lifestyle of the protagonists he plays, but the feelings of fear and confusion that he creates in us are often too painfully familiar. The title "panic" seems paradoxical at first due to the lack of open emotions. At one point, Alex tells his doctor that he rarely gets angry. In the course of this story, however, it is becoming increasingly clear that anger and despair, not indifference, are the driving forces behind this man. <br /> <br /> More than once I was reminded of his performance in "Fargo". another heavily character-driven movie. In both "Fargo" and "Panic" we experience a middle-aged man who somehow does not seem to harmonize with the rest of his life. He has lost his way, and the only way back seems to be deceiving through the darkness. He knows that he makes bad decisions, but despair overwhelms self-control and common sense. <br /> <br /> Alex connects to Sarah, a 23-year-old woman (played by Neve Campbell), whom he meets at a doctor's office. Thematically, this union is less a coincidence, rather a work of fate. Alex is a certain consolation to Sarah and may feel that she is a comrade, like him, who has lost his way and hovers aimlessly through the rest of her life and listens feebly to her inevitable conclusion. The choice for films like this is one for Neve Campbell clever and compelling way to answer the critics who question their acting skills. Too often, it's the characters she plays, the weaknesses that give Campbell no depth to play her protective muscles. However, this performance can be a feast for the eyes of many. <br /> <br /> In a perfect movie world, not only would there be many more films like "Panic", but they would also be reached and appreciated by a much wider audience. If you look at movies with the character and depth of characterization and not just the latest state-of-the-art special effects, then "panic" is hard to miss. A +.
