The effects of job-related stress and the pressures of a moral dilemma that puts conscience against the obligations of a family business (albeit once), all through a mid-life crisis - or perhaps the cause of a mid-life crisis - to failure to be brought in the dark and gripping drama "Panic", written and directed by Henry Bromell, with William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is an insightful look at how indecision and denial can bring about the inner strife and misery that ultimately leads to apathy and the moment of truth when the conflict must necessarily be finally resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a precocious six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail-order trader he leads out of the house, and his main source of income, the 'family' he shares his business with his father Michael ( Sutherland) and his mother Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is empty; After years of practicing this particular profession, he became deaf and distanced and entered a mental state that prompted him to appoint a psychologist, dr. Josh Parks, to visit. And to make it worse (or maybe better, depending on your perspective), he meets Dr. Parks a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell) whose sole presence brings him to life for the first time since he can remember. It quickly becomes another building block in the wall of moral conflict that his profession has on him, for in the days after their meeting he simply can not stop thinking about them. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" - out of which he seems unable to successfully eradicate himself without hurting his beloved. He can deny his age and the fact that he's actually into a real mid-life crisis, but he's discovering that the problems he's facing will simply not disappear by itself. He stands at the crossroads and has to decide which way to go. And he will have to do it very soon. <br /> <br /> Out of an intrinsically interesting concept, Bromell has designed a gripping character study that is enlightening and incisive, and he presents that this is a way that allows moments of reflection that will allow the audience to empathize and understand what Alex is going through. He makes it clear that there are no easy answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity of life and beyond within a particular family unit. The film emphatically implies that the sins of the Father are irrevocably passed on to posterity with irrevocable consequences and consequences. As you grow up, you accept your personal environment as that of the whole world. and it is often years to adulthood that one begins to understand and understand that indeed, moral parameters are set by each person who walks the planet, and that those set by the Father can not be conducive to the teachings of the Son. At this point, Alex finds himself in the course of history. ergo the mid-life crisis, or more precisely the crisis of conscience, which he can not escape. It is a powerful message that is conveyed in a subtle and subtle way by Bromell, with the help of a few outstanding performances by his actors. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy has been one of the industry's first character actors for some time, creating characters as diverse as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith of Magnolia, The Shoveler of Mystery Men and Jerry Lundegaard of Fargo. And that's just a selection of his many achievements. At a point in this film, Sarah mentions 'sad eyes', and this is a very instructive commentary, because that's the strength of Macy's performance, his ability to convey very real emotions in an understated, credible way, all of that Expression brings inner turmoil he experiences. Think of the scene where he lies awake in bed and stares into the darkness. In this one troubled moment, it is clear that he is dealing not only with his immediate situation, but with everything in his life that has finally brought him to this point. In this scene, you find the sum of a life of guilt, confusion, and insecurity that has been successfully suppressed until now. All the things that Alex had always been at the center of were gradually breaking through his defenses and eventually emerging, demanding confrontation and resolution. It's a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that really reminds Alex. It is a character that anyone who has ever been in a situation of seemingly insurmountable circumstances can connect to. It's a terrific work by one of the best actors. Sutherland is also extremely effective; His Michael is abominably scary in a way that is so real that it scares off. It is indeed scary, considering that such people actually walk the earth. This is not a wicked villain from the crowd or a James Bond type, but a true personification of the evil that hides behind an outward appearance so normal that he could be the next-door guy. And Sutherland brilliantly brings everything to life with a great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks like Sarah's role, but her performance (as usual) seems overbearing, though her behavior is affected here, the character just fits and is actually a positive aspect of the movie. If she only occasionally turned her energies inward, that would make a big difference in the way she presented her characters. However, "panic" is one of her best efforts; a powerful movie that is worth the trip in the end. 10.9. <br /> <br />
