It's easy to see why Panic never got a good movie release: it's far too clever and the audience would probably have had a hard time comparing it to American Beauty investigating a mid-life crisis, and Sopranos and Analyze This in his Study of illegal acts in family life. Although panic seems to come from unoriginal material, Brommel's lifelike characters, paired with skilful dialogue and attentive guidance, make the film a realistic look at the demise of a middle-aged man. William H. Macy plays as Alex, a hitman who works for his father's (Sutherland's) murder business. He leads a double life, with his wife (Ullman) and his son unaware of his real trade. In his middle age, he becomes increasingly angry about what he has done all his life. Under his calm, collected facade is an oppressed resentment for controlling his father's control of his life. When he meets a young woman (Campbell), he feels strengthened and decides that it is time to leave the family business. The fact that writer / director Henry Brommel has decided to make the profession his main character was trying to break away from contract killing. He could have easily replaced it with an undesirable occupation; His characters are so well developed and believable, scenes are handled so smoothly and realistically, and dialogues are written so revealing and natural that the focus is more on Macy's conflicting character than on his job as a hitman. Brommel's script feels like a Shakespearean tragedy, with a certain theme of fate. <br /> <br /> In Alex, Macy creates a tragic, slightly likable character and turns into another brooding, great performance, as you would expect. Donald Sutherland is also very aggressive and abusive as his cocky father, and Ullman's dramatic turn as Macy's wife is a welcome change for the comedian. Imagine a scene in a bicycle shop that subtly darkens their mood and culminates in an impressive scene of emotional confusion. Henry Brommel's first film, Panic, is a film that is well crafted in its sincerity. With a first-rate cast, a plausible script, a tight dialogue and a good direction, this character study will hopefully just be a foretaste of Brommel's ability to create characters that seem real. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
