For a start, this was not a three-hour movie - two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked commercials was not actually part of a movie! Maybe it should have been a two-parter for two hours? Yes, could have put more in it and could have explored even more emotions. Overall, however, it was an interesting insight into the lives of Lucy and Desi. I watch I Love Lucy from time to time and love it, but I have never read or seen a biography before. I never saw anything about her life outside the screen. Because of this movie I'm doing now, but I'm not so sure that's a good thing. Nobody needed to know everything here. This was essentially a movie that did not have to be done. But it was done and the reason is that Lucy & Desi are still such big stars and certain people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know EVERYTHING about our TV and movie stars. This is definitely not true and very, very sad. Anyway, what was shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - not a really great casting. And the move from Madeline Zima to Rachel York ... uh, as if Lucy had a plastic surgery and suddenly she's a whole new person !? That was not great. But the story went on, focusing on the rocky relationship between Lucy and Desi. No, the children were not shown much at all and that was not necessarily a disadvantage of this movie, because as I said, this was mainly focused on Lucy & Desi. If there had been more time, if the story had been more about Lucy's entire life, then maybe the kids would have been there more. But it was not that we could only briefly see the Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton. Wow, that was one thing in this story that I thought was cool: his presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really neat and it is a pity that was not explored anymore. Well. What was researched was mostly done well. Honestly, I do not think I'll ever look at it again, and I do not think this movie will be so memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy but is not a big fan of Lucille Ball, this should be an interesting watch. My grade for it: B
