Last Christmas, I was fortunate enough to get one of Better Half's 1200 Ultimate Bourne box sets, but until yesterday I watched the last part of the trilogy. I was a bit suspicious of the many trilogues that have recently crossed the finish line, instead of triumphant, as I approached The Bourne Ultimatum, but I really should not have worried. The electric action sequences and bruise fight scenes blend effortlessly with the smart storylines, making it one of the best action thrillers I can remember, and the end of an outstanding series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns to journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in the Guardian following an obvious leak over Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project. Determined to uncover more about his half-remembered past, Bourne resumes the trail, but others at the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is the leak and pursues the rogue agent with renewed vigor. Can Bourne finally find the answers he was looking for, or will his old employers silence him forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I was a bit disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy" as it upset the trademark realism of its action scenes and focused on a real spy film. Not to say that it has lost everything, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it seemed like a slow-burning spy novel rather than an action thriller. No such worries here - every car accident, blow, kick and gun shot is heard and felt with inner enthusiasm, but fortunately, it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and gripping espionage story in its heart to justify the action. It also blends the two previous films together in a brilliant manner, providing a suitable bookend for the trilogy as things are explained and expanded until the overall picture is visible. The performances are almost flawless - even Julia Styles offers more than just eye candy for books. The only drawback is that, like the other Bourne films, it has little to do with the original novel. But if you are not a diehard Ludlum fan, this is not a real reason, a movie like the highest caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing pleases me more than a movie that pleasantly surprises me and despite my fears "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a pounding movie that offers enough crispy action to satisfy the flesh-heads and a conspiracy that never gives your attention for a minute. Even with the last role, you're never quite sure whether a happy ending is guaranteed, whether you're a fan of the show or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is a movie you should really pursue down as soon as possible. No wonder this series has forced Bond film producers to throw out about forty years of film history to start again. Bourne is a modern spy-hero, making recent Bond films look more like Austin Powers, until "Casino Royale" gave the Bond series the necessary reboot. Missing the Jason Bourne movies is a crime worthy of a rendition - get a copy of the DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne collection - limited edition, I'm afraid!
