Dramatic License - some hate it, though it is necessary to tell a life story. In the case of "Lucy," the main points of Lucille Ball's teenage years, early career, and 20-year marriage to Desi Arnaz are all contained, albeit in truncated and reworked form. <br /> <br /> The most important emotional points Lucy's life becomes clear: Lucille's fight for her niche as an actress, which eventually becomes a brilliant comedy that made the character of Lucy Ricardo a legend; her turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage with Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi establish the first television empire and secure their place in the story as the most memorable sitcom couple on television. <br /> <br /> As Lucille Ball, Rachel York does a commendable job. Do not expect the same wondrous transformation as Judy Davis did when she played Judy Garland, but York makes Ball strong-willed but sympathetic and funny herself. Although her comedy timing is different from Lucy's, she is still believable. The film never goes into great detail about her perfectionist behavior on set and her mistreatment of Vivian Vance during the early "I Love Lucy" years. It's a nice inclusion to see how York Lucy plays privately. > Daniel Pino is thinner and less charismatic than the real Desi, but he has his own charm and especially in the opening scene does a decent job with Desi's accent. Madeline Zima was decent, if not overly memorable, as Lucy, who lives at the age of Lucy. Thankfully Vivian Vance and William Frawley did not do much, as Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very convincing in the roles. Not that they are not good actors, they just were not so suitable for the people who played them. Most of the actors were from Austria and New Zealand, and the repressed accents are sometimes detectable. <br /> <br /> Although the main structure of the film is historical, there are many deviations that appear for seemingly inexplicable reasons. Jess Oppenheimer, the lead author of Lucy's radio show "My Favorite Husband," which began in 1948, is shown in this film as being on stage to help with "I Love Lucy" in 1951, citing the fact that he's the lead actor was, completely ignored creators! This film also features Marc Daniels as the lead director of "I Love Lucy," completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Although I believe that this is due to budget constraints, the Ricardos live in the same apartment throughout their stay in New York when they actually changed their flat in 1953. The kitchen set is a bit bigger and a bit off the original. The Connecticut House looks pretty close to the original except that the right and left sides of the house have been condensed and restructured. <br /> <br /> Desi also talks about the purchase of RKO in 1953, while Lucy's red horror incident, though RKO only hit the market in 1957. These changes could well have been a dramatic one, and the film does this work to convey the most important facts, but would have hurt them, Oppenheimer and Asher, two vital figures in the story of "I Love Lucy", a little more respect to show? The biggest gaff comes in the recovery scenes "I Love Lucy", at least in some of them. It is always risky to restore something that is captured in the movie and seen by billions of people. This is even more the case if PERSONAL CHANGES are made. The scene with the huge loaf of bread was cut off, and anyone who was ever familiar with this episode would have noticed the differences immediately! The number "We have a baby" has also been cut, otherwise it was practically dead. By far the best was the "grape jam" scene, where Rachel York really pinched Lucy's mannerisms. The producers had made the smart decision not to try to directly replicate the "Vitametavegamin" and candy factories, but to give the actors a try. These scenes have proven to be effective due to this approach. <br /> <br /> The main flaw of the movie is that it is assumed that viewers already know a great deal about Lucy's life, as much is skipped or omitted altogether. Overall, there is a decent portrait of the marriage of Lucy & Desi, and the real mistakes can be overlooked if character development works effectively.
