First and foremost, "The Bourne Ultimatum" is a stunning, virtuoso, outstanding action movie. Second, it's a stupid Malarky of cartoon-like superhero stuff. Third, the film contains a complex, important point where crime fighters themselves become criminals. There is no reference to Abu Ghraib or the outrageous domestic abuses of the executive in relation to constitutional rights, none is necessary. The latest from the "Bourne" series, in the hands of Paul Greengrass (from the 2004 "Bourne Supremacy" and last year's "United 93"), is a significant achievement, perhaps held back by the inevitable excesses of the genre, but in fact not is reduced. <br /> <br /> "Breathtaking" means both A complementary adjective and a description of physical sensation: From the first image, the spectator holds his breath for more than an hour, full of unrelenting, earth-shattering, and completely exciting action pressed against the chair. There is no subsidence, no variation in the rhythm and on the move of the film, and yet it never gets monotonous and tiring, as some related music videos do after a few minutes. <br /> <br /> Oliver Wood's Insider your-face cinematography does not make the most of Tony Gilroy's screenplay from Robert Ludlum's 1990 novel (which does not fare well against the "Bourne Identity" written a decade earlier) compatible). Matt Damon is once again the inevitable, irreplaceable Bourne, the deadliest fantasy agent of the CIA, this time the entire agency in search of his identity, his past and the mysterious agency program that has made him a killing machine. Nothing compares to his quietly heroic Edward R. Murrow. The always wondrous David Strathairn is the evil top official who turns against Bourne as he tries to hide some illegal "take-no-in" methods and brutal procedures. <br /> <br Joan Allen seems to play the good cop against Strathairn's Bad One. And there's Julia Stiles as an agent who comes to Bourne's aid again. A combination of Greengrass's direction and Stiles Acting leads to a surprising effect by a mostly mute character. Their lack of communication and their empty expression are more fascinating than miles of dialogue. <br /> <br /> So good is "The Bourne Ultimatum". that it gets away with the old one-man, against-the-world bit, this time to ridiculous excesses, because Bourne defies the constraints of geography, time, gravity, and physics in general. (Can you drive a car backwards from a building? Why not - it looks great.) <br /> <br /> All this "real" magic - leaping from country to country within seconds to arrive at an unknown Location, just how, when and how it needs to - outperforms special effects and superhero cartoon improbabilities. Yet, only an unsuspecting pedant would allow the fact that "facts" disturb the entertainment-based ecstasy of the Bourne fantasy.
