I thought Rachel York was awesome as "Lucy". I have also seen her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and in each of these performances she has developed very different and very real characterizations. She is a chameleon who can play (and sing) everything! <br /> <br /> I'm very surprised how many negative reviews about Rachel's appearance in "Lucy" appear here. Even critics from television and the entertainment world seem to have missed the point of their presentation. So many people have been focusing on how Rachel does not really look like Lucy. My answer is: "So what?" I did not look for a superficial personification of Lucy. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel gave it to us in depth. I did not want to see anyone just "do" classic Lucy routines. So I was very pleased with the decision of the producers and the director that Rachel is showing Lucy for the most memorable of these sketches - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems some of the reviewers did not know that these two scenes were meant as practice sequences and not the actual skits). I thought this approach has given an innovative twist to the sketches that so many of us know by heart. I also found that Rachel was incredibly fresh and funny in these scenes. And she has put the routines that have been replicated in a nutshell - especially the professor and grape stomping. There was a moment in the grape scene where the corner of Rachel's mouth had just the slight boost that I remember of Lucy. I could not believe that she could capture that - and so naturally. <br /> <br /> I wonder if many of the people who criticized the performance, Lucille Ball of "I Love Lucy" throughout the country expected full movie. Those of us who first got to know her through television had no idea how Lucy really was in her early film years. I think Rachel showed a natural evolution in the figure that was brilliant. She planted all the right seeds for us to see the clown waiting to emerge under the circumstances. Lucy did not fit the shape of the old studio system. In her frustrated attempts to become the stereotypical movie star of the time, she kept repressing what would prove to be her ultimate gifts. I think Rachel has captured the comedy, the drama, the joke, the sadness and the anger passionately, love, ambition, loyalty, sexiness, selfishness, childishness and stoicism form a complex American icon. And she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally adorable. "Lucy" was a star for Rachel York. I hope it brings a flood of big roles in the future. I also hope it brings an Emmy.
