When the Bourne identity arrived five years ago, I must confess that I did not think much about it. By the time I was eleven, maybe I was too young to really get into the story and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when the Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but I still did not think it was as good as I expected from the trailers. For the last two years, I have been told several times that the Bourne films were amazing. Often I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about the movies. Until two months ago, I could not imagine the Bourne Ultimatum, I really had no intention of looking at it. But then I decided to look at the first two again before making any abrupt decisions. So I went out and bought both original films. And what a surprise it was for me when I was seized by them. Identity I've found the supervisor of the two, but Supremacy is not far behind. It's both smooth, action-packed and exciting pieces of cinema that I've seen several times since their purchase. That's why today I was the first to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy did not disappoint Bourne's ultimatum! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies. I had seen him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but generally I never thought much of him. However, it seems he was born to play Bourne. Throughout this series, we've seen the character change before our eyes. In this movie, we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than he was in The Departed, and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really have to take care of the character and hope that he finds out everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a calm intensity and one always finds his character very believable. The minor cast of the film was also absolutely outstanding. Joan Allen was one of my favorite pastimes in Bourne Supremacy, here she is herself. Her character is also very believable and she has some fantastic moments towards the end of the film. Julia Stiles returns as Nicky and we learn a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress, and I think she deserves a lot more roles, well decent roles, than she gets. David Strathairn is a novice in this series as Noah Vosen, he is definitely the villain of the movie and he really stands out. He's definitely the worst character we've met and some of his choices are really uncomfortable. Strathairn is happy about the role and he also gets some great scenes in the movie. Also noteworthy is Albert Finney, who takes full advantage of his too short screen time. I will not say anything about the character. That's best of all a surprise, but trust me, his scenes are some of the movie's highlights. <br /> <br /> The Bourne movies have focused more on the action than on the action sequences. This does not mean that the trilogy action sequences are missing. My God, no, there are lots of movies in the movies. But throughout the movie is a very well-written and well-done plot. This action ends in the best way imaginable in this movie. When I saw Supremacy the night before the ultimatum, it was nice because I saw some small parts. This last scene in Supremacy in New York was far more important than I'd ever imagined. It will not spoil it for humans, but I recommend checking Supremacy before you see Ultimatum. Unfortunately, many people will see ultimatum just because of the action sequences. This is the part I should condemn such people and say they should see it for the storyline, but I would be lying if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series are the car chases altogether. The mini-chase in Identity is one of my favorite chases of all time. Well, the action in Ultimatum must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the movie begins with an action sequence in Moscow. Throughout the movie, we get numerous punch-ups, all very violent and shockingly brutal. A chase that is absolutely fantastic, many chases, an exciting chase that will be memorable, and much more! But the highlight for me must be the scene at Waterloo Station, it will not ruin it, but for some reason, I had packed myself. <br /> <br /> So any shortcomings for the movie? Not in my eyes, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the two previous ones, I would not recommend Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to win new fans, because it sticks to what the franchise does best and adds only a nice storyline and action sequences. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a James Bond fanatic, it's a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than a majority of Bond films, and believe me It takes a lot for me to say that. Although Bourne as a whole might not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it's definitely almost equivalent.
