I've never been shy to say that most action movies just do not do anything for me. For the most part, they are glaring vehicles for blowing things up, showing sexy models and throwing any sort of reality or intelligence out the window. With that statement, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman introduced a new way of doing things by using a more cinematic style that showed fights in full force and turned our superspy into someone we can handle both emotionally and humanely. This is not the sci-fi absurdity that Bond was (before they were no less overtaken in the style of this series). There was much to worry about when the Bourne Supremacy came out. With the takeover of director Paul Greengrass, a second-hand copy of the original has become an enhancement of style and flair. The stakes were increased and the story was improved. Greengrass needs a lot of credit to keep up with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In an astonishing conclusion to a world-class trilogy, the action is taken to a new level and history and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Courner's Bourne is brought into the heads of the CIA with false intentions. Someone leaked information about updating Treadstone called Blackbriar. Once Bourne is found to talk to the Newswriter who broke the story, it is believed he is the mole. Only Pamela Landy, who was in the case of finding him in Supremacy, knows he can not be the one. Bournes' motive has always been to stay away from the government and live his life in peace. It was the CIA that keeps bringing it out in public to cause havoc with them. In the end, it becomes clear that Bourne also wants to know the source to find out who he is and what made him a killer. The film then becomes a hunt for time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the breach and tie loose ends, or if Bourne can take revenge on those who killed him. <br /> In what is probably the simplest storyline of the series, with just one chase that spans the entire story, she may have the largest number of characters and reversing loyalties to expose the underlying corruption throughout the story. However, this is not a disadvantage as it allows more battles and car chases that are fully related to the plot. The admission to this film is worthwhile even in the housing battle between Bourne and the second capital of the CIA. The persecution that pops through the windows in Madrid is cool on its own, but when they finally meet, we have a fight of about ten minutes that is just as invigorating as any scene you see. Instead of using a massive chase as in the first two films as a climatic backdrop, we instead come around three small road races that are just as intense, but staggered so that they never sink the action in monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also experience with heart and feeling the origin of our favorite operator. At the end of the film, we will find out what was the cause of all the espionage and destruction that took place around him. No one could have done better than Matt Damon. He has the body and attitude to be believable in the storyline, but also the reach to distract the moments of intelligence and cat and mouse correspondence with those against him. Joan Allen embodies her role with the same devotion to her job, but also a little more disappointment about what's going on around her after Brian Cox's character from the first two films took things into her own hands. Since we need a role in this form, we get a nice twist from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and does not answer anyone when making a decision. With so many attempts to hush up the connection to his superiors in the Blackbriar program, as he tries to fulfill his duties to his country, you can never exactly guess what he can do. Even the little boys do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as a reporter, who starts the leak at the center of everything, putting out Albert Finney as a man from Bournes's past and possibly a key to his origins, and Edgar Ramirez as one of Bourne's CIA agents. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role that Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy) have successfully played. He does not talk much, if not, but he has the looks and robot efficiency, and hopefully he will get more roles to show what he can do well in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, you have to applaud Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and for bringing this series to a conclusion that builds on the success of his predecessors and does not destroy them. His skill in close-up hand painting is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the seizure-inducing cuts. Instead of feeling superfluous, the use of handhelds improves the environment and puts you in action. Let's credit cameraman Oliver Wood, who made all three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and bring his style into a beautiful harmony with them.
