This was basically an attempt to do the same with "Batman" as with "Gilligan's Island" in "Gilligan's Island Survival". For those of you who missed it (and a pity!), "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Gilligan's Island Survival: The Unbelievably True Story of the Longest Three Hour Tour in History") was a special experience a few years ago Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann"), and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") reported on the creation, rejection, rediscovery, and rebirth of the show. On the way stories were dramatized with actors of the original cast and the crew. It was done very well. It was funny, well staffed and seemed like a real document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Return to the Batcave: Adversity of Adam and Burt" has a similar style. Retelling the story of the show, the reenactments, the general feeling are all the same. What is missing is the straightforward approach of "Surviving". <br /> <br /> In "Return," Adam West and Burt Ward both receive invitations to an auto show they should not be invited to. After Adam and Burt are allowed to stay, they witness the theft of the heart of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to run after them themselves and guide them with clues that make them think about the story of the show. This eventually leads to the revelation of who stole the Batmobile and why. The decision for this concept (in fact with an action) is the biggest flop of this show. Unlike "Surviving", "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting plot (the theft of the Batmobile), rather than focusing on what the audience would be most interested in (the story of the show) historical sections, the work best. The casting (as in "Surviving") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the actors' emotions without making them look too tall. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a stronger resemblance to his theme, but does not capture the charm of the deceased Gorshin, only his characterizations. The portrayals of other actors are short and purposeful, with none being considered particularly good or bad. Many of the stories have been told earlier, but they are usually amusing with occasional chunky representations. Another wonderful piece from the historical sections was the use of test shots of Lyle Wagoner's test run for Batman. The only place the flashbacks fail is when they obviously insert plot points to advance the main story. This unnecessarily reduces the accuracy of the flashbacks. <br /> <br /> The "main account" (if we have to call it that) is of course ridiculous. This is not really a mistake in and of itself, but it just is not carried well enough to cover up the gap. Strong performances and good writing can make up for a stupid plan (especially in such things), but we really do not get any here. The performances of West and Ward are a bit flat (also for them); The dialogue was written too carefully to feel natural. I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" shows that the dialogue is usually only there to create a flashback. In "Surviving" this means to be everything. With "Return" it tries to fulfill the double task and unfortunately often fails. Gorshin and Newmar are good (though I agree with others that Gorshin did not age well and Newmar - and what does Wagoner do to look so good?), But there is not enough to do. I think everyone would have been better served with a more straightforward presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another weird point about "Return". This special deals with the TV series "Batman" and its history, but all clips shown are taken from the movie. Even the Wagoner footage is technically film footage. If you know that you are Bat History, then you know that the movie was originally scheduled and only postponed in favor of the TV show when CBS had to fill up the time quickly. When Wagoner and West tested the role, this was the movie, not the TV show. Why "Return" uses only footage is unclear. It most likely has to do with issues of rights, but it's a definite distraction for connoisseurs: Julie Newmar is seen in the present, but only footage of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman in the past. All in all i liked the show, mainly because of the flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they want a more story-driven piece given the topic. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to see them on the go and still have fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just wish they had done a little better and if there was more of the original cast to be there.
