There are many types of reunion shows. One way is where old actors are taken out of mothballs and restore characters they have not played for twenty or thirty years. These have mixed results. 'Return to Mayberry' was alright despite some stupidity; 'Return to Green Acres' as executable (Eddie Albert used a word for the script that I will not repeat here, but both that and the movie stink); "Salvation of Gilligan's Island" filled a necessary gap in the history of the Castaways, although the show itself was stupid from the perspective of "Gilligan's Island". In most cases, the scripts are weak. Sometimes the scripts seem stupid enough to know. and in comedy it is almost always fatal for the characters to know that they are funny. New characters are presented that do not fit the mix. In general, these reunion shows are pretty weak. A second type of reunion show is the way the cast sets aside its past, but sits around telling stories, making memories, and getting flashbacks out of the shows. Then there are movies based on the shows that are rarely good; and films based on the story of the show ("The Brady Bunch" let both pass with different results). <br /> <br /> "Return to the Batcave" uses almost all of the above options A wonderfully twisted vantage point that makes it the best of the reunion shows has raised the bar for the others. Adam West and Burt Ward and called to a show of the original Batmobile. While they are there, the car is stolen. <br /> <br /> The Adam West of the film is a denied man. He named Jerry, his butler, "Alfred". He opens a bust of Shakespeare in his apartment and uncovers a hidden pole that slides down to the parking garage. He's obsessed with being a crime fighter even though he's just a crazy actor. When the Batmobile is stolen, it not only believes it is its duty as a crime fighter to find it, and subtracts Burt Ward as his assistant. The chase is largely talkative. West and Ward remember the old days. It is broken by "flashbacks" in which actors West and Ward played. The modern scenes and the "flashbacks" both have the crazy reality that sustains the show. There are also running gags that show that West can make fun of himself: In Ward's book about his time on the show, he talked openly about West's libido and about being skinflint (West lets Ward pay for everything they want downstairs to tip and bus ride). The clues they follow, the characters they encounter (even in flashback) all fit in with the mentality of the old series, and there are several tributes, including a fistfight with written sound effects. <br /> <br /> extremely funny and finished with a lot of vertigo. There are also cameos by Julie Newmar (which looks like she had too many facelifts) and Frank Gorshin who reminds us why he has such a cult. Gorshin will be the Riddler when Jim Carey, his obvious successor, is long forgotten. The movie builds on a pretty obvious but funny climax. <br /> <br /> This show is a model for reunion shows? Unfortunately, there are only a few that fit in the pattern. In this show, actors played their old characters. young actors playing a movie about the making of the show; the actors West and Ward remember; and a modern movie in which the real Adam West plays the insane Adam West. It has everything. If you loved the old show, this is the stopper on the bottle.
