I have not liked many TV shows since 1990, but THIS 70S SHOW is great. I never saw it on the first run and thought of a game that was a funny piece, I was wrong! I started to see repetitions, and the more I saw, the more I liked! Now it is the only show I see after 1990 for the first time. <br /> <br /> Although this' 70s mimics some of the 70's styles, attitudes, music and tastes, it did not bother itself this decade by going overboard with the references and look of the 70s. It contains so many funny, witty, biting dialogues that are delivered by their protagonists with confidence and certainty that they overcome all the clichés of the 70s, just being humorous. The humor is what keeps the show awake forever. <br /> <br /> Although a funny sitcom, no matter what the time, has the uniqueness of ridicule of the 70s, it works in her favor as it gives the show a signature. But it is the focus on universal issues (family issues, fear of teenagers, marital problems, peer pressure), dealing with them all with comic attack, which gives the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The center of the show is an Eric Forman (absolute comic perfection of future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a very thin, geeky-looking, non-athletic teenager and still looks super cool because of Grace's ingenious cruelty statement. Eric has 5 friends, Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played in a fun way by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). Seeing life in Point Place, Wisconsin, through the eyes of these 6 teenagers and boys, we get to see a lot! Donna, a forward-thinking feminist, is the target of Eric's affection and these two have the core of the show. They become a couple soon after the show starts and they are NEVER a boring couple. Most shows end in meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it works as a great insightful bookend that serves as a perfect contrast to the previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves in with the Forman when his mother leaves him. Hyde is the Gentle, Zen, Cooler of the group and just sits back, watching and making fun of his friends friends. Kelso is the stupider in the group, and Kutcher plays the absolute grasp, showing off fantastic physical comedy and telling some of the most absurd hilarious ideas and stories of all time! Jackie, who begins as a friend of Kelso, is a wordy, selfish debutante cheerleader and is initially accepted only as part of Kelso's K / K group, but she manages to encourage herself to the point where she has to accept them all their! And finally Fez! Fez is an exchange student from an unknown country (we never know exactly where) and he's a scene robbery! "I said hello!" "Son of a bitch!" Valderama has only a foreign accent here, because he really does not have one and he always has a character and creates one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. His scene-obsessing moments often help to shape the show for me. The show constantly introduces us to the minds and minds of these characters through captivating fantasy scenes of how they wish or imagine things. The gang gets into trouble again and again (mostly on purpose). They constantly play gags on the Point Place residents as well as among themselves. Most of the time they hang around in Erik's basement, plotting, panning or just playing around. <br /> <br /> Also featured on the show are Eric's parents, the menacing, community-hating Red, and the lovable, happy Happy Kitty (played by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a much needed mature point of view and rant and counsel the 6 ne'er do-wells all the time. Red and Kitty are supported by Donna's parents, the buffoonish Bob (wonderfully played for the full run by Don Stark) and the blond bimbo Daft Midge (the super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was about half in the show). Also, Eric's sister from hell Laurie (played by the evil sexy Farrah Fawcett-like Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great refreshing relief for three seasons to resist the main 6 shenanigans and keep Eric and her parents in the line Kelly returned for a couple of season 5 seasons as a guest character. Unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems caused her to be replaced by a terrible new actress in Season 6. The newcomer gratefully did not stop and was gone after a few seasons of season six. <br /> <br /> At the end of Season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and Season 8 star Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered when Season 8 turned out to be the last. Grace and Kutcher, however, returned to the final of the series and gave the show a satisfying end. <br /> <br /> Many great supportive and cameo characters would help to keep the show fresh through extra nostalgia and humor. First-rate supporters were the ever-high Leo (played by Tommy Chong to the stop), Pastor Dave, Roy (the great comic Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also received the legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play the mothers of Red and Kitty. Many celebrity camsos from the 70s also performed, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo, Ted Nugent and K.I.S.S! It goes on and on! <br /> <br /> With great nostalgic homages and references from the 70s, witty dialogue and delivery and a nonsensical, uncompromising style of comedic storytelling, THAT 70S SHOW is a TV classic!
