Over the years, we've seen a lot of absurd things done by the authors when the show just had to go on and "8 Simple Rules" should continue after the death of John Ritter, but this is probably the first time I've taken care of. The idea of ​​having "That 70's Show" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso's is ridiculous. They tried to cover it up with a comeback of Leo and increasingly outrageous storylines, but it always felt like bothering when you're no longer a main character. It just did not really make a connection, it was a lot of disconnected things that happen most of the time was not even funny. The last season felt too much for each character, simply because Eric used to spend a lot of time on screen, and now we would face each other with the seclusion and repetition of the rest of the characters. Focusing on Fez's gimmick was thoroughly uninteresting and the character just stopped working because the deal was that he was saying something out of the blue and you can not say anything from nowhere on every other line is yours. They also brought the standard cousin Oliver, only this time it was not a kid. Whenever you heard someone knocking on the door, you began to pray that it was not Randy, please do not let Randy be. The deal with Randy was that he was going to make terrible jokes, usually, as Red would say, how a donkey smiled and messed up the delivery, and Donna was in stitches. I think more than half of the last season was Donna, who pretended to be amused. However, the problems had started earlier: what was once a really great show with an equally great concept that was not a dysfunctional family slowly entered the soap opera area. Everyone began to fall in love with everyone, emotional scenes were carried away with nausea, and only a usually lame joke was placed in a place to distract attention that we saw "As The World Turns." I suspect that was character development, but that was almost as awkward as the moral lessons of "Family Matters." To be honest, the last episode was really good, even though there was a cameo from Topher Grace (a cameo on his own show), even if that's not funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, no more criticism of Season 8: What was the initial topic? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character who does not sing), Fez scared the hell out of me. Dude, do not open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons were among the best ever aired.
