How Does An Ordinary Day Start In Point Place, Wisconsin ... <br /> <br /> First, Red, the tyrannical father of the Forman family and veteran of World War II, sits at the kitchen table, reading his newspaper while his overjoyed Mrs. Kitty serves breakfast , Then her skinny son Eric comes, he also sits at the table, and his father starts screaming every day, usually putting his foot in Eric 's foot when (insert reason here). When his promiscuous sister, Laurie, comes home, she comes along, then Red stops talking and speaks in a friendly way, so that Eric feels left out of the family. Once this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric runs into his basement where all his friends are already hanging out. And when we see them, it becomes obvious that Eric and his redhead tomboy girlfriend, neighbor and childhood friend Donna Pinciotti are the gentlest people in the area. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates disco and does not really care about the environment unless he's funny. Michael Kelso, the guy who thinks he comes only through his appearance through his life and that carrots grow in trees; Jackie Burkhardt, who considers herself the most beautiful girl in the area, spoiled child of a rich father and of course a cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but exaggerated stranger who loves sweets and can not keep a secret. First, they just hang around, chatting and making fun of Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and let the fun begin ... before they do anything, they'll regret it later. <br /> <br /> Red now goes out and meets Donna's weird parents, Bob and Midge. He's rude, but they do not mind because they think he's joking. Nearby is Leo, an aging hippie who's always confused and makes word games without even realizing it. Of course, most of the "clichés" seem to be, but the show takes the cliché to a new level. Now throw some of the nastiest storylines a sitcom can offer, sit down and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. The one that never does the same thing twice and that is hysterical compared to most sitcoms that are "cute funny". If you become addicted, do not let this show go. Bite the hook over and over again, and you'll see the sitcom genre from a whole new perspective.
