Before I saw that, I just expected another mediocre softcore copy of the heavily imitated "Emmanuelle" series with Sylvia Kristel. It was really surprising how well this turned out. It actually has a story and is really romantic. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' so good is the leading heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong, so sweet that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dreams fall around her. Emy Wong is a respected doctor, statuesque and of royal quality. She comes from an important old family, where old customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she is married, a man she has never met. The beautiful doctor seems to be fine with this arranged marriage. It's just the way it is done in their world. However, she does not intend to meet and love the British pilot who eventually ends up in the care of the hospital where he works. Emy decides to give up the habit and she gives herself to her western husband. But only after a very long advertising, because Doctor Wong is anything but a light woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy so she does not lose her reputation and reputation in her rigid society. None of them counts on a third party, Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of malicious games. Emy believes that she was abandoned by her husband, that he only played with her to sleep with her. Her place in society is gone, she was crushed. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn as this proud, elegant woman gives up her career, as well as a lovable relationship with her caring father and succumbs to a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to be so deeply involved in this tragic story. I was sitting on the edge of my seat as George blew back into the city, unknowingly coming to a hotel where his beautiful Emy works as a prostitute. Classic drama. I can imagine that many viewers were a bit frustrated by this drama. Here you would expect a lot of sex and nudity, but not much. And if there is, it is completely exploitative and very artistic and softcore. If you're a fan of the first Emmanuelle with Sylvia Kristel, you'll most likely appreciate this lesser-known classic. I was particularly impressed by the special attention to detail. The whole segment in which Emy brings George to her father's house on the island is really nice. Her father shows George and the viewer his impressive collection of bonzai trees. He has built a whole miniature forest out of these amazing trees. Totally unexpected After spending years in late-night television, I spent a lot of time searching for a copy of the movie on the Internet. When I finally got it, I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD release, there is a subplot about George, who suddenly turns over with an unknown deadly disease! Actually, I preferred the cable version better. I'm glad that this rare gem was finally released on DVD. I also have to mention the beautiful camera and the bizarre and catchy 70s soundtrack. When you look at it, you feel that you are seeing something very rare and special. I recommend it to thoughtful viewers who do not need sex or violence to protect their interest.
