I'm Curious (Yellow) (a movie near Seussical Rhyme, which should be available in two versions right away, Yellow and Blue), was one of those great arthouse hits that was a big sensation in Sweden first Scandal / Cause-Celebre in the United States when the only imprint was held by Customs and went to the Supreme Court. What is powerful today in the picture is not so much that is offended by what is revealed in sex or nudity - the director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films the various scenes in such a way that it is full of Meat and genitals give the occasional graphic bit, but it's more and more - so an intellectual expression as a lust-like - but the venture of trying a pure "metafilm", while at the same time making a true statement about the state of things in Sweden. Who knew that such things could politically heat up in a generally peaceful country (ie, usually foreign and war neutral)? At least that's part of Sjoman's goal here. <br /> <br /> Like a filmmaker like Dusan Makavajev with some of his works like WR (though not so surreal and disturbed) or slightly less than Bertolucci, Sjoman is out for politics and sex (mostly politics and sex) mix social layers), in which he also makes a commentary on the embodiment of a character in a film. The two characters Lena and Borje have a hot and cold relationship in the story of the film, in which Lena is a "curious" socialist demonstrating on the street for non-violence and "trains" in a cabin in the woods to become a fully functional but at the same time perhaps too curious about her car sales friend. And since this is just enough for a film, Sjoman inserts himself and his crew from time to time as they make that story in the film (there's even a great piece in the middle, like a rock concert, title cards fill during a shooting break who the crew is, negate the use of end credits!) Then there is a very different dynamic, since Sjoman gives an actual performance, not just a "Hey, I'm the director." The director "bit." <br /> <br /> At first glance you may not get that structure and I'm Curious (Yellow) is just a film in which Lena is a documentary interviewer, in which she reflects on her thoughts on classes, socialism, Spain and Franco, and now and then we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: The structure is as slippery as the viewer must stay on tiptoe; It is impressive that so many years in a picture can be surprised that they are not afraid of dramatic narrations, documentaries, films in the film and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who acts as quasi-guru for Lena. While not always a fully coherent analysis of politics, it does not feel fraudulent or even satirical as in a Godard image; The satire that Sjoman uses resembles a godard, but on a completely different wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that might deter the less-initiated audience. When I am curious (yellow), he is an intellectual enterprise and a full-blown sex discovery in a way that was fascinating and is how much is shown and how enjoyable it is for the actors, in my view, as an emotional experience not quite successful. While Bergman turned it into a T-piece with a purely emotional film with deconstruction tendencies, Sjoman is more apt to associate with particular ideas, while he does not always direct very well when it comes to large or subtle scenes with the actors do. Occasionally it works, if only for the actor Lena Nyman (most spectacular here in a performance in which she is asked to turn an ambitious but confused child into someone who is even sympathetic and vulnerable) and Borje Ahlstedt (a realistic counterpoint to the fleeting Lena). But about 40 years later, it is difficult to fully connect with everything that happens in Lena's and Borje's inside film, since Sjoman (perhaps purposely) fills it with clichés (Borje has a girlfriend and a child, he will leave her, how will Lena reconcile her father) and a lumbering narrative of his starlet. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, for all the mistakes that Sjoman may have, he ironically says that he is a comment to himself, I am curious (yellow) is an artistic experiment in which the waters in Swedish cinema be tested, or what could not be, to be provocative and comedic. I would even say that it is influential and probably copied or imitated in more ways than one, because it was such a cult phenomenon at the time (a particular technique in which the movie rewinds towards the end is in mirrored in poorer use) and should be seen by anyone who wants to engage with avant-garde or meta-filmmakers. If the artistic leap is not quite as outstanding as W.R. or Last Tango, he is close behind.
