In a future society, the military component does not have to be recruited; Rather, their candidates are selected from birth, dismissed from daycare and spend their entire lives serving the government. They are given to the war machine, the body and the soul just to protect and serve; They have no personal identity except name and rank and no autonomy. This is the fate of those whose destiny is destined in "Soldier" by Paul Anderson and Kurt Russell. The scenario is harsh and gloomy as the film begins by depicting the training of soldiers as the time progresses from pre-adolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the Best of the Best, and we show his career as he performs his duties in an exemplary way in field by field. he is what he was born for, a soldier. But even the best can not go on forever, and the day comes when Todd and his colleagues are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers has been created, products of advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly outdated. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life as he seeks to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, traits that are new to a soldier who has known only two things his whole life: fear and discipline. Russell does an outstanding job as Todd, the soldier, who has above all orders to obey, while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He only has a few lines in this movie, but Russell speaks volumes with his eyes. This role shows that he is indeed one of the most subconscious actors of our time; That he can disappear so completely in the figure of Todd, is a merit of his ability, and with this part he has created someone who is completely different from the one he has previously made. And he has given Todd a depth and credibility that someone of lesser talent could have portrayed as nothing more than a presumptuous and superficial stereotype. Remarkable performances are also shown here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers, completes the cast. Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain's Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has delivered an action movie with a message, a warning story that goes beyond the genre of science fiction. "Soldier" reminds us how important it is to keep the humanity of our lives intact. It's a fun way to consider the alternatives, such as a bleak future and a world where good movies do not make much of a difference. Similar to '1984' and 'Mad Max', this film, which is ultimately uplifting, will make you take a break and think about the kind of universe in which we all have to live and share together. I rate this as 7/10.
