Why do I like DISORGANIZED CRIME so much? Why do I laugh or laugh every time I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's hard to explain, but I'll try. First of all, it is indeed very funny - contrary to what many "official" reviews make you believe. But that depends on your sense of humor. Therefore, there is no reason to argue about it. Often the humor is in dialogue and often it is a situation comedy. It is, for example, this very funny scene in which the 4 gang members were taken in the back of a truck. If the farmer drops them, they just stand on the road and are covered with cow's sow or whatever. They are completely irritated. After realizing the humor of the scene, they start to laugh at themselves bit by bit, and Ruben Blades (as Carlos), who looks terrible (and certainly smells), casually pulls out mouth spray to at least do something about his breath (just to describe the scene here makes me laugh again!). Which leads to the second point: action. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (okay, the latter sometimes exaggerates), all fit and play their games beautifully - in fact you feel they must have had a good time shooting the movie too. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, the director and screenwriter, is very relaxed. He takes his time to unfold the plot and let the characters settle. For the most part, there are no real measures, and yet you enjoy these 4 very different people - who try to rob a bank, even though their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to appear - scold each other and even reluctantly, like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery - absolutely impossible with all its twists and turns, but absolutely convincing in its love for ironic details. Incidentally, the title of the film is one of the best I've ever seen, because it perfectly summarizes the plot in a very ironic way. So take my advice: Watch this movie, but if you do not giggle, smile or smile in the first 10 minutes, do not forget it - it's not your kind of movie. PS. The only negative about this film is that there seems to be no way to get the script. If you know how to do it, then tell me.
