I like this movie for several reasons. I have a thing for movies about complicated conspiracies like TOPKAPI. I also like movies (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that spoof the genre. One of the best is DISORGANIZED CRIME. Corbin Bernsen has suffered four drawbacks over the years, and he decides they can all be useful in a bank robbery he's planning in a small town in Montana. But he has not told the scholarship details about the crime, nor do they really know each other. Shortly after he sent for them, Bernsen was arrested by two New Jersey police officers (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck), whom he had previously escaped and who had a warrant for his arrest. While in his care, the four drawbacks (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades, and Will Russ) are unclear as to why they are there, except that Bernsen was up to something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film deal with the four contracts that slowly get used to each other. Gwynne and Philips manage to suppress their own suspicions to find that they need to trust each other. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck - not too difficult as they are not the brightest bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of actions that will confront each other throughout the movie: the four disadvantages of trying to figure out what Bernsen's scheme was and how to put it into action, and Bernsen tries to preserve his own freedom from his pursuers and himself find his cabin (and hopefully find his gang where he can take command). There is also a third, smaller conspiracy that brings the growing annoyance and annoyance of local sheriff Hoyt Axton against the idiots from New Jersey who keep getting their hands on each other. <br /> <br /> as Axton, who was trained by O'Neil and Roebuck, is surrounded by a house in the town where Bernsen is supposed to be hiding, and (just by a megaphone: "Come out, we've surrounded you !! ") To make the scene switch to a huge Montana plain where Bernsen stumbles and stumbles from where the police are, there are moments of misadventures of our four drawbacks Lucky to lead the eldest (Gwynne) in leadership position. This does not always guarantee anything. At one point her car does not start and they have to take a ride on the truck. Unfortunately, this is a truck with manure. <br /> <br /> The conclusion of the gear successfully performed, including the deactivation of all police cars on The critical time (Philips specialty are cars) is also a jewel of timing, excitement and weird results. The movie is very entertaining and definitely worth a look.
