What a loss was the death of director Emile Ardolino! He could take a light script and with the right casting and cut put a sparkle on it and make it shine like a star. This particular star may not be the brightest sky in the sky when it comes to big romances, but he's definitely one to keep you up to date. They really want to know how things will turn out. <br /> <br /> The script is perfect for Cybill Shepherd, who (luckily) had to use his "moonlighting" success for the new generation at that time, probably not aware of how many great movie stars she was after one had a promising start. In this film, she is repeatedly in the form of a stinking widow who lives vicariously through her daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson on the threshold of fame, which would culminate with "Fried Green Tomatoes" two years later). She may have looked too young for the role, but that works well for the way the story unfolds. This is her movie, but she does not overstep her limitations as the lead role. <br /> <br /> Shepherd kindly admits to Robert Downey Jr. that he carries most of the movie with him, and has a more mature comic-like flair than previous films in his film to this point. Ryan O'Neal (in his best role in years) and Christopher MacDonald support him extensively. Masterson's natural charm is pretty much self-indulgent, either, or she has a way to make her character seem like a breath of fresh air with every word. Ardolino makes good use of the sex appeal of his cast Just like "Dirty Dancing", but this movie is not quite so bubbly, so you could still see it with your parents if they happen to be in the room. (Use your best judgment, after all it's your parents.) I give this film a high score because it's very user friendly. Romantic comedy enthusiasts will find it great, and those who only watch with them should find enough to enjoy humor as well. <br /> <br /> Again, Emile Ardolino honors the best of a charming screenplay by Randy and Perry Howze. (Where are they now?) Ardolino's next film would be the sequel to "Three Men and a Baby," but his final release of the movie (Sister Act) would eventually bring him the nine-digit mark he deserved. Mr. Ardolino, your cinematic note is missing!
