I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not see it until the end, because it was broadcast late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I can remember that I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is really no ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements, but I think of it as fantasy. I liked it, but I hoped for a bit more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene where Anna's father comes to the paper house and tries to kill her is a bit short. Now to action. This movie is about a young girl named Anna, who gets sick. While she is ill and has to lie in her bed because of her large number, she ends her drawing over a house - the paper house. When she fell asleep, which often happens strangely right away, she is in a large green field near the house. She realizes that the house is exactly what she has drawn, and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day she pulls a boy into the house to have someone to talk to. Forgetting to draw his legs (because he is sitting behind a window), the boy can not walk. Later, she is told by the doctor that a boy also has this strange illness, and she realizes that he has brought this boy into their disturbing dreams with the drawn boy. She also realizes that it is becoming increasingly difficult for her to wake up from her dreams. When she misses her father, who is abroad, she pulls her father into the house. She makes a mistake and her father looks very angry at the painting. She tries to scoop him out, but realizes that she can not change anything already drawn. And the next time she falls asleep, the horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because she pulls himself on his head to mark him as "invalid") and tries to go into the paper house and kill Anna and his girlfriend. Her dreams became a gruesome nightmare. They manage to escape and kill their father and Anna can finally wake up. Then Anna finds herself in the hospital, where her parents are sitting next to her bed. The doctors thought she had fallen into a coma. They tell Anna that the other boy has died and that they want to travel to the ocean to overcome these tragic events. Anna pulls a watchtower and notices that the same watchtower is located near the hotel they traveled to. She runs to the watchtower and meets the boy (I just do not mention his name because I can not remember and do not want to go back to the previous HTML page) and can say goodbye to him and forever forget those terrible dreams br /> There were a few things that I did not understand in the movie. At first it was the end that I absolutely dislike. I think it's too long, while the main part of the movie is a bit too short. How does the boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anna because he is supposed to be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated this scene that was so stupid to me. It almost ruined the main horror scene. <br /> <br /> What I liked was the scene with the photo of Anna's dad, who was the first real scary and horror scene. I liked the boy. The actor was great. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to get her father out of the picture in her sleep and how she looks for it in the trash. <br /> <br /> All in all a good movie. I give 8 out of 10 points.
