My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho, I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I started a desperate search for a movie that was scary in the same way. But none was satisfactory. Proven ones included the birds, the Night of the Living Dead, the Silence of the Lambs, the Blair Witch Project, the Ring, the Evil Dead, the sixth sense, 28 days later, the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, Near Dark. Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Do not Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday the 13th, and The Omen. That should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I learned from Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book that I own, Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse had also appeared in some of the books I found in horror movies, but they did not tell me about the connection between the book and the film. I discovered the truth on the internet and later bought the movie. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse was not loyal to the book and boring. Unfaithal it was certainly boring but certainly not. It was the answer to my prayers. Marianne is renamed Anna in the film, but the original story is largely the same. One day Anna draws a house in her textbook (nothing special), then she gets sick and every time she faints or falls asleep, she finds herself in front of a creepy old house (and I mean really exciting). She also finds that every time she inserts something new into the drawing, she appears in the dream world, eg an apple tree. Anna moves a rather sad boy named Mark into the dream world, who seems to be a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but wants to leave the house, Anna pulls a mandatory lighthouse (a place to go to), but the problem still remains. So Anna decides to move in her father. She takes out her pencil and gets too much work, but the result is deformed and worried that Anna especially does not like his eyes. Quote "He looks like a madman". So Anna tries to rip him off and start over, but the pencil turns out to be unquenchable (meaning that nothing can be rubbed out). Then Anna loses patience and extends her father's eyes! I also let you find out the terrible consequences of ill-considered action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the British answer to A Nightmare on Elm Street! The reputation of this film has shocked and annoyed me. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is, how do you dose the comparison with Psycho? Answer, 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological fears of the parents, 3 a real shock, 4 and very spooky music.
