Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to faint and drift off into a world of her own creation. A desolate world drew her with a sad little boy as the inhabitant of an old, garbage-filled house in the middle of a lonely field. Like all the children who draw the house and its resident Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not draw his legs), the inhabitants of this purgatory / Schwebeland world are. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house more often to find out what and what is trying to help save the boy, but her fever makes it harder for her to wake up each time and not only kill her but also lock her up and Marc forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! Is a good word to sum up Bernard Rose's brilliantly haunting and poetic paperhouse. A movie so simple it's almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you find this puppy in your horror area, it is anything but. It is more of a serious fantasy that is expertly directed and performed exceptionally well by its performers, notably Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet it is not a children's film, but to remind us of these carefree days, which are now only dark memories. Rose creates a rich carpet with an atmospheric atmosphere that provides an exciting backdrop to the brilliant story and great actors to play with. Paperhouse does not try to explain that these are more dreamy qualities, and leaves most things to the imagination of viewers. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity to sit in. Paperhouse likes to play with the thoughts of the audience and inspire you with their very own mind. As the story unfolded, I was always impressed by how powerful the movie was until the finale, leaving me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. Bernard Rose's visuals are brilliant here. He is able to create a disturbingly gloomy atmosphere that seems simple on the surface but is much larger overall than the sum of its parts. The acting of the young Charlotte Burke in her feature film debut is also really impressive. Unfortunately, she has not graced the screen since then. A well deserved Burnout Central Award seems only appropriate for this achievement. In the end, the film limps here and there, but I easily missed it. I wish they had taken a darker turn to create a far more powerful finale, which in retrospect would have proved all the more disturbing and intriguing. The movie as it is is still one of the books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It's a poetic journey told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful movie that has much to think about and much more to praise.
