I miss the company Vestron, which in the 80s was certainly on the pulse of the unique and unusual cinema. This is very clear in the amazing Paperhouse, a film that touches me deeply every time I look at it. The idea of ​​a girl manipulating a dream world with her drawings (ie the dream world that manipulates reality)) and also connecting and influencing the life of a boy she has never met, fascinating and never disappointed. Charlotte Burke seems to be precocious at first glance, and yet you warm up with her because you are a little bit of a mischievous child and make it hard for adults to believe what she's experiencing. Toward the end, she becomes very self-confident and strong, even when she finds out that she does not hate "boys," as she so defiantly claimed. As a result, we are expected to find many touching moments and some eerily scary moments, all of which are impressive with a great score by Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to be the owner of the soundtrack on CD when released on RCA Victor in the USA. At the moment there is no DVD of Paperhouse in the USA (only in Europe). Here I hope that one of my wishes will come true, because I really appreciate this beautiful movie and a DVD would be very welcome! <It is satisfying to see the girl working out her thoughts like a puzzle and trying to make the dream world run for her and her new friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers do an excellent job. I find the editorial commentary on Amazon.com that it's "hammy acting" quite confusing - I found every aspect of Paperhouse exciting. Even in smaller brilliance scenes, such as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom are staring at each other through the glass at a door, it is quite powerful. <br /> <br /> You do not have to be an arthouse guy Enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who likes a movie that encourages and wants you more. There's plenty in this movie to invite repeat visits, and I'm still excited about the cinematography and sets. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, because there are so many details that you can absorb and enjoy. A very emotional experience. <br /> <br /> Although there are many films I love, there are only a few specific ones that have a big emotional impact on me: films like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so much Drek out there as films that are easily forgotten, and in bargain stores I just have to see Paperhouse and my confidence in wondrous storytelling is renewed.
