This movie started with bad performances in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and it got the masses rolling. Songs on All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoNne were played so often that I was fed up with them then, even though they recognized their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it has taken all these years. This was due to the fact that the marriage was very unhappy and Kamal Amrohi also had difficulty finding the money for the film. Look at the lush sets and costumes, not surprisingly !! Meena Kumari not only ages and falls ill but also listens attentively to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN ne has her 50 years younger voice while songs newly recorded like Chalo Dildar Chalo show a clear evolution. I only wish someone would find the Ghulam Mohammad songs that were not included in the movie because the fashion has changed and less, albeit slightly different, songs have been requested and released. Lata has recently rated Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers she has ever worked with in an interview (2007), with the exception of Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Also note that you hardly see the actors in the Chalo Dildar songs, very unusual. There is only a short shot of Raj Kumar from the middle distance and you only see the back of the alleged Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. Every other movie, this song would have had close-ups of both. <br /> <br /> If it is the most beautiful movie of all time, I would be different. It means you've missed a lot of Indian cinema in no particular order, movies like Barsaat (old), Devdas (older versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay Ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan etc. etc. If you put more emphasis on the music, the list would simply grow up with beautiful scores of Barsat Ki Raat to Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand and Mera Naam Joker: The list is really endless! <br /> <br /> Enjoy Pakeezah, but do not miss any of the above information. ,
