Emilio Miraglias first Giallo movie, The Night Evelyn came from the grave, was a great combination of giallo and gothic horror - and this second movie is even better! We have more of the giallo side of the equation this time around, though Miraglia does not lose the gothic horror styling that made the previous movie such a pleasure. Miraglia puts more emphasis this time on the finer details of the plot. As a result, it's the typical Giallo Labyrinth where characters and red herrings are thrown every few minutes everywhere. However, this is a definite bonus for the movie as it sometimes gets a bit confusing. There is always enough to keep the interest of the audience. Miraglia's storytelling has improved since his previous film. The plot begins with a scene in which two young girls fight before their grandfather tells them the legend behind a rather glaring picture in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman named The Red Queen who, according to legend, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. There are murders a few years later ... <br /> <br /> Even though he only made two giallos, Miraglia has his own honors. It is obvious that the color red is important to him since she is strongly represented in both films. and he seems to have something against women called 'Evelyn'. He likes castles, gothic atmospheres and stylish murders - and I like that! Miraglia may not be Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but he knows exactly how to throw an over-top murder into his movie; and here we have the pleasure of joining a Volkswagen Beetle, and a death at an iron fence, which is one of my favorite giallo death scenes. The female side of the cast is excellent. The impressive Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti have a sensational cast of ladies who are not afraid to take off their clothes! The score provided by Bruno Nicolai is catchy, and although there's not much of the psychedelic rock in The Night that Evelyn heard from the grave; it goes well with the movie. The end is a kind of diversion, because although Miraglia brings the gothic atmosphere to life, it seems more than a little bit rushed and the identity of the killer is too obvious. Nevertheless, this is a wonderfully entertaining Giallo, which I highly recommend fans of the genre!
