Finally - I finally got around and saw a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! Until recently, in the 1990s, I only had a dismembered, scratchy, jerky version of Dubai TV with quirky English subtitles, dizzying widescreen coverage, and a flowing color with a head of its own. After thinking of the world of such a bad (and short) copy, the decent one was worth the wait, and the full 140 minutes were even more of a pleasure than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> This was the beautiful Meena Kumari film from start to finish, and I think it was planned from 1958 on and finally realized in 1971. What a pity that she killed the chronic alcoholism soon after and was actually too sick to perform in some of the scenes in Pakeezah that require a double body. In some scenes, the strain definitely shows in her face. <br /> <br /> I can only treat the story of Purity versus Adversity as a fiction that has no experience with anything nearby, but I lead that to faithfully showing a world that no longer exists in the world India once must have been common. It's a sparkling and colorful film with a simple unyielding epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that feels kind of comfortable at the same time. But for me, it is the unparalleled golden music of Ghulam Mohammed, sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and their part in the unfolding of the story that makes this film so outstanding. I've rarely heard such serious, beautiful, poetic, wonderfully sung songs on every movie soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain may be my favorite music movie, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - but Lata said the songs themselves did not mean anything special to them. Too bad that the equally unique Mohammed Rafi only had one song here, but a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but not blind to his mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite movie in India, filmed at a time when the westernization of India was gaining momentum and watching when Western values ​​were promoted by the state rigueur. At the very least, check out Pakeezah to get a taste of what Indian "pop" music has to offer before discarding everything for drum machines, the Bollywood Beat, and Bhangra.
