Fever Pitch has many of the clichés with which we have identified with romantic Hollywood comedies: a relationship between two people who have little in common, the secret he has hidden, the one she discovers, the inevitable separation and the public? Well, I can not go on, but you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it does work, especially if you love baseball like me, even though I'm not as obsessed as Ben Wrightman, a Boston teacher, played by Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> According to Nick Hornby's novel by seasoned screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets at the age of seven, and he was at that point somehow emotionally captivated life to the detriment of its relationships with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter for the Red Sox Spring Training games, and never misses a home game during the regular season. His family is not made up of parents or siblings, but the other group members who attend every game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep but a Red Sox museum. <br /> <br /> If he falls in love with a business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore) threatens to give him the opportunity to grow up, but Ben is not ready. He would rather take part in the Yankee series than go to Baltimore with her to meet her parents or travel with her to Paris and miss the Anaheim series. His relationship is about to dissolve, to stop him and to think about his priorities, especially when a pint-sized Dr. Phil wannabe asks him, "You love the Red Sox, but have you ever loved her?" While the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (spoiling the thought), you would never know it from the way things develop. For anyone familiar with the history of the Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will break the hearts of its die-hard fans - but this is 2004, the year the Bambino's curse ended when the Red Sox move to a new level, Ben could do the same. Both main performances are outstanding and the Farrelly Brothers even make a pretty rude gag. While Fever Pitch is never mistaken for an art film, it's a joyous hustle and bustle that must go down as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
