Although I know nothing about baseball, I'm not even a fan of the sport, but that did not stop me from enjoying the latest Farrelly movie, Fever Pitch, a charming, irreverent romantic comedy. The movie is not really about baseball. It's more about relationships and the emotional incompatibility that can often happen. <br /> <br /> Jimmy Fallen ?? to give his best performance yet? Stars like Ben, a crazy, slightly nerdy teacher. Ben is a kind of man-boy who unfortunately never really grew up, and he loves an almost fanatical dependency on the Red Sox baseball team. Ben has dedicated his life to the Soxen and does everything from pilgrimage to Florida to spring training to decorating every square inch of his home in team paraphernalia. One day as he honors his geometry course On an excursion to her office, Ben encounters the captivating Lindsey (a wonderful Drew Barrymore). Lindsey is an entrepreneurial, career-oriented type of girl, but she has a kind of cuteness that Ben finds totally adorable. He initially hesitates to challenge her because he thinks she has come out of his "class," and Lindsey does not immediately see a potential partner in Ben. <br /> <br /> Your first appointment begins catastrophic When Lindsey is hit by a serious food poisoning? and their resonant choking provides the first clue that we actually see a movie by the Farrelly brothers. Instead of accepting Lindsey's - more urgent - request for debt restructuring, Ben remains here to play nurse, caretaker and caretaker. So Ben scrubs the dog's toilet and teeth while his love interest faints with a bucket beside her bed. When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and finds him sleeping on her couch, she begins the long, relentless process of dismantling the web of status anxiety and ambition she now considers her to be. Soon they fell in love, and Lindsey accepted Bob's fanatical devotion to his sport. <br /> <br /> After inheriting from his beloved Uncle Choice season ticket, Ben has organized his life around the season. He has never missed a game. But their relationship, which developed without a hitch in the winter, hits the hook at the beginning of the season. Lindsey wants Ben to do other things. For example, vacationing with her parents and partying with her friends, but Ben begins to modulate his interest to meet Lindsey halfway. Can Lindsey agree to his irrational devotion to the summer boys for their relationship to work? Can she really match Ben's bafflement with the sport? Can a die-hard and nerdy Red Sox fan find true love? Of course, Lindsey and Ben have a colorful assortment of friends who use opinion makers. Lindsey's toughest buddy, the skinny, rich, and blonde Robin (KaDee Strickland), insists there's something wrong with the guy when he's still single at 30. However, the clumsy, curly Sarah (Marissa Jaret Winokur) and Molly (Ione) the man Skye) provides a more optimistic and positive view of Ben. <br /> <br /> Ben's eccentricity could be applied to virtually any obsessive sports fan, while Lindsay's frustrations could be for any aspiring career woman. Fallon is terrific as Ben, he has great potential for large screens, and manages the not insignificant challenge of keeping Ben from not liking. Meanwhile, Barrymore is just as charming as the workaholic Lindsey, especially as she struggles to accept Ben for who he is without losing sight of her own needs. <br /> <br /> Fever Pitch Really Works And Though There Are Many Inspired comedic moments, the film also addresses the serious problem of sports addiction and how difficult it can be for couples to negotiate this fragile area. <br /> <br /> Much of the film was filmed at Boston's Fenway Park adding a fine sense of authenticity to the process as well as the ambiance of the games, though it fully appreciates what happened to the team , will probably be limited to baseball lovers. Nevertheless, Fever Pitch is blessed with such a finely crafted and smartly witty script that even beginners with baseball fans will find much to make a connection. Mike Leonard September 5th.
