Yes, obligation. Let's say "Fever Pitch" could make you believe it would be a baseball movie. <br /> <br /> But no, you do not have to be a baseball fan to actually enjoy this image of the Farrelly Brothers. But if you are one, you will of course enjoy it even more; with all the references (pretty much, I'd say) to the Boston Red Sox and their bittersweet story; the bane of the Bambino and everything that's attributed to it, including those two words you CAN NOT pronounce to a Boston fan: Bill Buckner. Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon portray two people who could normally do this The second thought of dating: the successful workaholic who is also wealthy to meet a teacher? The fact is that Fallon's character wins Barrymore's heart by being funny, caring, sweet and downright perfect. But her friends ask a logical question: if he's such a guardian, why is he still on the market? Enter the Boston Red Sox. He is so committed to his team since his uncle handed over his Sox season tickets to him; He has not missed a Red Sox home game at Fenway Park for a long time. <br /> <br /> And this delicate balance, how much does the workaholic want to give up for the obsession of his husband; and how much is this baseball crazy teacher willing to compromise to sustain the OTHER love of his life, that's what this film is about. Parts of the movie are exaggerated for the sake of comic relief. Well, unfortunately I have to admit that they are not. As a die-hard Houston Astros fan, I can say that they are all true. I would try everything to see each Stros game; listen to them on the radio or follow them on the internet. Every day I read the sports section of the chronicle. And yes, my room looks like The Shed, the gift shop of Minute Maid Park; with a cupboard full of Astros gear, including 5 jerseys, 20 T-shirts, and you know the rest. Fallon's character even has the Red Sox MBNA MasterCard. Fallon, as a fanatical Red Sox believer, was credible enough, though he could do it without becoming a cartoon (thank God Adam Sandler was not there); and the plot was about how this couple had tried to deal with each other's passions. <br /> <br /> I would say it will be a classic romantic comedy. Not enough to be among the best films in history; But certainly brings a form in the genre and is equally appealing to men and women.
