I have to admit that I went into the fever pitch with low expectations. It's not a big revelation for me to say that Jimmy Fallon's last movie (Taxi) Catwomanly was bad, and the trailers for Fever Pitch were alright but did not intrigue me. I already prepared some cheesy baseball puns for my review ... <br /> <br /> "I like Jimmy Fallon, but Taxi was a hit in his movie career." Well, we've got steeeeee-riiiiiike for two years now Another hit, and it's back to SNL! "Or" Buy some peanuts and cracker jacks, but do not buy tickets for Fever Pitch, they'll go out of the theater and never go back! " Then the movie had to be much more entertaining than I expected. But hey, I could not let my puns be wasted, right? Another reason I thought I was not interested in the movie is that I hate the Boston Red Sox. My entire family hates you. The mere mention of Pedro Martinez's name calls me to the bathroom. Oh man, wait ... <br /> <br /> ... Okay, I'm back. Still, my mother, who is a fan of St. Louis Cardinals, believes the World Series was manipulated last year. She refuses to believe that the Sox have won it legitimately. But I'm the person who has to admit that Fever Pitch made me, if only slightly, sympathize with the plight of the Red Sox fans. Anyone who has a passion for sports can refer to film at a certain level. If you do not have a favorite sports team, you can not understand the extreme ups and downs that a fan like Fallon's Ben can go through. Nothing is as fresh as the smell of a new season and nothing is as smooth as a clean slate. Well, figuratively. It is the pleasure to be a sports fan. "Wait until next year" becomes your mantra, your motto, your prayer - and Fever Pitch effectively captures that essence. <br /> <br /> I love the fact that the movie makes a fictitious story and throws it against the world The realistic backdrop of the unlikely Red Sox World Series that took place last year. I do not love it so much that I want to marry it, but you know what I mean. I expected this to be pretty cheesy, and although some of the humor is a bit stupid, it's pretty realistic. <br /> <br /> See, Ben's uncle took him to his first Red Sox game. He was 7 years old, and when he died, he left Ben's two season tickets. Ben has not missed a game for 23 years. At the beginning of each season, he has a design day where he and his friends come together to find out who can go to what games with him. He makes everyone dance for the Yankees games, and if anyone complains, he threatens them with tickets to the Royals (sorry Mr. Shade) and Devil Rays games. It's a very good scene and works so well because I actually know people who make the "Ticket Change Day". I must also admit that I can relate to Ben going to dinner with Lindsey and her parents. The Red Sox play a street game, but instead of seeing it live on TV, Ben decides to record it. One of the most dangerous things in life is to record a game and then be in the public eye and try not to hear the outcome. Was there. It is a very tense and scary situation. Weeeeeell, Ben enters the danger zone when a man shows up in the restaurant and mentions how he watches the game. Ben immediately closes his ears and starts screaming like a banshee so as not to hear the result. Lindsey is embarrassed and her parents do not know what to think. Yes, sports fans can be weird, I do not deny it. But it is real. <br /> <br /> Well, if you expect the rough, nervous stuff the Farrelly brothers are known for, you might be disappointed. They do, however, have their moments as Ben says he likes it, as Lindsey sometimes speaks like a lovable stroke from her mouth, but overall this is definitely a softer, more romantic side that the Bros are showing. <br /> <br /> That does not mean that the movie always gets too juicy. Fortunately, the farrellys know when the juice starts to splash a bit, when to retire. A romantic moment in which Lindsey jumps onto the field and runs to Ben to explain her immortal love for him turns into Ben, who sincerely responds: "You have to tell me about the outside field. Is it spongy?" Jimmy Fallon proves that he copes well with the right material on the big screen, and Drew Barrymore remains a constant source of romantic comedy charm. Fever Pitch is just a good, solid conversation that looks a bit fresher on the romantic comedy genre. It's a movie that guys and gals can relate to. Especially the boys who practice sports fanaticism sometime during the year and the ladies who have to deal with them. <br /> <br /> Well, if the Red Sox fans could silence the "curse of the Bambino" I would appreciate it. My Memphis Tigers have NEVER won the NCAA basketball championship, so I officially declare that my plight is greater than yours. THE GIST fans of Jimmy Fallon, Drew Barrymore, romantic comedy, the Red Sox, baseball or sports fanaticism should generally take a look at Fever pitch. I would not go out and see it at the first available time, but it will be a great matinee.
