This is a great movie for true romantics and sports lovers. <br /> <br /> Drew Barrymore is at her best in this film. As a Drew fan, it was nice to see her shine after several flops. I had my doubts about Jimmy Fallon, but he delivered Ben as a weird, sporty crazy sweetheart. The comedy in this movie is great, there were several laughing loud moments. <br /> <br /> Her first date began rocky when he showed up with flowers in her apartment and found it difficult to eat a new place earlier in the day. Instead of walking, he helps to take care of her, helps her to turn into pajamas, and cleans the puke on her toilet and in the bathroom, to say later that she is "very ladylike ... no chunks ". Ben and Lindsay are doing well all winter, but then the baseball season begins. Lindsay starts to understand how obsessed Ben is with the Red Sox and why this seemingly great guy is still single. She tries to shake it off and considers it a good thing, because she has a busy schedule and she will not feel guilty for having worked extra hours during the game. She even buys all the books she can find about The Red Sox, including one about The Bane of Bambino. <br /> <br /> Everything is going well until Lindsay has missed a false alarm. They both know how serious they are, and she wonders if this is the person she wants to be with. A very touching part of the movie is that after telling him she has her period, he sadly displays a baby-size Red Sox jersey he bought just in case she was pregnant. After all, Ben shows her how important she is and decides to go to her friends' birthday party after she says, "I had to check my calendar and when I saw that there was a Red Sox / Yankee game, knew me, that I would make a stag. " After the party Ben tells her that it was "the best night of his life". Shortly after receiving a call from his buddy who went to the game, he gave up the party and told him "It was the best game ever !!!" Ben Freaks If he misses it and really hurts, Lindsay really hurts when she says, "A few minutes ago you said this was the best night of your life," he says. "Well, that was a few minutes ago." <br /> <br /> So they split up for a while, he realizes how immature his obsession is and decides to sell his season tickets, which he inherited from his uncle. "Remind him too much about what he meant for she gave up ". Lindsay learns through a friend and decides to prevent him from realizing that he is doing it for her. It ends very sweet, showing how his love for baseball in childhood was overshadowed by a whole new, deeper love, Lindsay. They still go to the games and even attend the last World Series game and St. Louis and it's a happy ending. 2 thumbs up !!
