Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for his strange wife and the news of his daughter. If he finds them, the chance of some kind of reconciliation is very small. Here the sheriff and the important citizens of Tollinger learn as a gun expert. Living in fear of a mysterious landowner who discards the city bit by bit, they hold a meeting to hire Tollinger to rid the city of its unappetizing elements. <br /> <br /> Man With The Weapon seems to have been either a forgotten piece or a widely-watched piece when I wrote this, it has just over 200 voices and a few minor user comments. It's a shame for both scores, because although the production values ​​are that this is a B western movie, this is a good introduction to the Western genre. That the play becomes a more normal plot theme of a beleaguered city, evolving into a vengeful, dark angel, has probably done no favor to the movie over the years. I read the abstract myself and I thought it was just another set of similar themes. Still, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark, dramatic image in which there are many beautiful moments, both technical and functioning. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is Tollinger at the top, perfectly manned, he walks through the picture a brooding threat. We often talk about the screen presence of John Wayne and Charlton Heston (rightly, of course), Mitchum is on top with the best. A sequence here sees him in the shadows behind a room while a meeting is taking place. We do not see his face, but we can feel a piercing breed staring at us! The rest of the cast is also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so it's really only thanks to the big man that the movie rating data is high. Maybe it's not fair to figure out Ted de Corsia for a kick, but Man With The Gun's little mistakes are with his bad guys and unfortunately de Corsia lacks any kind of malicious threats. Alex North's score is superbly layered (fans of Spartacus will certainly poke their ears) and the cinematography of Lee Garmes is very impressive when you realize that the majority of this image was filmed on the Atelierlos. Director and co-writer of first-time director Richard Wilson offers Man With The Gun some surprises for the genre, but it's dark in tone, violent, and most of all, highly attentive. 7.5 / 10
