"Una Giornata Particolare" is a movie whose title sounds so familiar when I thought I had seen it more than once. Now that I have finally seen it, I am very happy. This is one of the better Italian movies I know, with one of the most wonderful performances by Marcello Mastroianni, who plays in other masterpieces like "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2", both by the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, it is a film that takes the time to introduce the characters and slowly develop a story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, the neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, quite fanatical in her thoughts, and he is no longer a member. I will not reveal the reason. On the day every person in their building, including their husband and children, wants to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird flees and flies to Gabriel's apartment, and so they meet. Just before Antonietta went to see Gabriele, he thought of killing himself, again for reasons I will not reveal. I will not reveal how the story unfolds from here, but it is what happens between the two that makes this day special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni did a wonderful job doing this. You see, he's a man desperate to have someone around, though we do not know why at first. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta senses what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes the attention anyway. We see how she makes her hair attractive to the man. Loren also plays the scenes very well. We understand their questions, although we are not sure what their intentions are. The moments when we both learn their secrets, if you can call it that, is a great moment. How the story develops from there is even more interesting, but I do not want to ruin it. This is a movie you should watch. Great performances and a beautiful camera, and the message she gives us is still standing today.
