As I said before, the best version of Homer's epic. Totally shot at natural places in the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky are strikingly blue, the islands green and untouched. The clothes are made of linen, wool and fur, the settings are rocky and nude, everything is a bit rude and primitive, a bit like one would find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini movies, and that makes it even more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and goes far into supernatural realms, it gives us a good idea of ​​how life was in the 10th century BC. Could have been. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is a bit slow and austere, but the whole thing is so nice that you can get in quickly. Actually, it's amazingly close to Homer's original plot, if not the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, and his son takes care of him. Then suddenly he appears lost in a storm and lands on the island of the Pheaker, where the royal family looks after him well. His adventures are narrated in a flashback to his hosts: the frightening Cyclop, the magical world of Circe, the underworld, the sirens, etc. After 20 years, he finally returns to his native Ithaca and ends dramatically with the killing of the pretenders his faithful husband Penelope. As a story, the Odyssey is an incomparable metaphor of the struggles in a man's life. The cast is brilliant and international. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek tragedy as Penelope, but the most amazing is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looking and totally convincing, the role really seems to have been made for him. Strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension. Nausicaa also plays Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini), who later became famous as the James Bond girl in "The Spy Who Loved Me," and Athena plays Michele Breton, otherwise mentioned in the foreign movie "Performance" starring Mick Jagger , <br /> <br /> 35 years ago, the series was a real innovation for the time, as the first major European coproduction for television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I saw this miniseries in eight parts on French television back in 1974. I was a kid then, and although everything was kept in black and white, it made a very lively impression. All my life, I wondered if I would ever get a chance to see it again, since it was never shown on French television later. <br /> <br /> I recently found a DVD on DVD (all in wonderful color). over the internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without subtitles, although at that time there were French and German versions. I've never heard of an English version of this movie because it's largely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and that's a shame. If you ever get a chance to see this, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after. The 1951 Camerini with Kirk Douglas is a classic sword and sandal like "The 10 Commandments", but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. The 1997 film by Konchalovsky is a captivating Hollywood movie based on special effects that are sometimes bloody, poorly played, and far from Homer's story and atmosphere.
