No, this is not a sequel to the fabulous OVA series, but a remake of the events after the death of Ghim (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It's also closer to the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are reintroduced and why the story looks a bit different than the OVA. (The booklet included in the set, as well as various online sites, provide excellent answers to such questions.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part TV series focus on the fateful battle for Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes feature Spark, a blue-haired knight wannabe who identifies with Parn, and his team of outsiders as they try to stop Dark Wizard Wagnard resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer. It's not quite that Equivalent to the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the finale where Parn Deedlit saves from Wagnard, right?), This TV sequel is still great fun for fantasy fans. Even though the animation is limited (one step away from the artistic line of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its appeal. The fully realized characters, the enthralling storyline, the magic, the romance, and an excellent soundtrack that Kaoru Wada has achieved with NINJA SCROLL give this unequaled spin-off a bit more power. I was criticized for some reason, I generally liked it and still think it's one of my favorite dubs. So I had high hopes for the synchronization of CHRONICLES in 1999-2000. The English-language LODOSS TV track is largely of passable (though not outstanding) quality. However, it also has problems. Much of the original cast that has given their English voices to the characters of LODOSS (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!) Is a nice bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's more mature-sounding Parn is a bit disgusting. He does not do a bad job, but his voice was very raspy for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to disassemble the dub right away), but as Spark and his company stepped on stage, I found it less annoying. (I do not know if it's because he's improved, or if I'm just up to it.) Besides, not everyone comes back from the OAV dub. Jayce Reeves only (wears) Wagnard for an episode; He was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the entire show, which gives a gruff, yet malignant twist (as well as the expected smirk). On the other hand, Anthony Cruises Kashue is too tired and needs about five or so episodes to find his step. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially during his final dramatic scenes. Alongside Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith, John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), Dub's best voices come from some of the newer characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack-Episodes 16 -27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (the pirotess in the OAV, but also voices speaking to Ryna with weakness and dizziness as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene in which she calls herself Leaf the Half-elf is located). The rest of the cast is not terrible at all, but a bit more irregular than the OAV dub. Some are alright (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are lackluster (hobbies, palace guards, dragons, etc.), and few were dreadful (in particular, Prince Reona's VA is too hard and monotonous for a judiciary). <Br /> <br /> In fact, the lack of acoustic continuity (some performers are inexplicably getting new voices when we come to some of the later episodes) is one of dub's problems. Others include less memorable and awkward dialogues, uneven synchronization, and finally (I apologize in advance to the fans of these) the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These unusual, super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either amuse you or make you angry. Admittedly, at first I found it a great annoyance, but after some time they grew up. (There are also some excitingly witty lines like "I'm King Kashue, and that's my CASHEW! I'm REALLY pretty crazy!"). These errors classify the dub for CHRONICLES just below the OVA, resulting in an uneven English track, which is best summarized as "OK". <br /> <br /> If you wonder if the Japanese track is the preferred listener, you know what? The Japanese version also has its advantages and disadvantages. While some of the voices are less annoying than the English title, I found others less attractive than English equivalents (in particular, the actress playing Deedlit is nowhere near as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). Also, I should mention that the Japanese cast is NOT THE SAME AS THE OVA. Since the series was created seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) replaced the actor with new ones. Although they do a respectably good job, this can be a nuisance to those accustomed to the Japanese OVA cast. Shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, right? Despite its shortcomings, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a beautiful series that deserves to assert itself. It is not without rough spots and does not always match its predecessor, but there are enough good points to counter the bad opponents, so this is a moderately entertaining fantasy anime.
