The 70s were a very turbulent era. In literature and the visual arts it was the end of a great, fifty or sixty-year creative period, which must be started again. It has been a decade in music, and many have come to the bottom of it because of company rock and disco. On television it was a golden age for sitcoms, from The Odd Couple to The Mary Tyler Moore Show, M * A * S * H ​​and All In The Family, but in the film there was a greater phase of creativity in It was the rise of American directors like Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of the old studio systems that had dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These directors wanted to produce literary art films for the masses, as they were common in Europe since the end of the Second World War. Nevertheless, the studios tried to keep up with socially conscious films, as they did not exist since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike the films of the 1930s, actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring Dead End Kids) played social issues in a realistic way or so Realistically, as one could create on a solid stage, social consciousness in the late 1960s and early 1970s was most evident in science fiction films. which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses under cover, which most regarded as little about comic entertainment. There was a precedent for this approach, with some of the fifties flying saucer films exploring McCarthy's political zeitgeist, notably The Day's The Earth Stood Still and the Body Snatchers invasion. In the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly subverted the political conservatism of his time by suppressing social issues in science fiction environments in his classic science fiction television series The Twilight Zone. The studio offerings of that time included the ecologically sensitive Silent Running; George Lucas's first film THX 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group think and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which pounded against communism and state control over the rights of an individual. Some of the film's references are quite heavy and stink of the Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. A few ruined strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rations consisted of a variety of colored foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the new Soylent Green, purported to be made from "the finest underwater growth," in a manner that was The gas concentration at that time was not dissimilar. Scenes of food riots are eerie echoes of oil riots at many gas stations during the year the film was released, and scenes of scrum and living and dead bodies lying around everywhere are still daunting and influential. A later movie like Escape From New York is an obvious offspring. The rest of the script by Stanley R. Greenberg, however, is more pedestrian and more common for a dystopian movie, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline manage to fill the screen with interesting images and sounds to spice things up. The use of soft, dimly-lit visualizations that are difficult to filter gives the New York film a Stygian look, almost like a colored version of Carl Theodor Dreyer's vampire. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not for the fashion faux pas, the movie could really seem timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie as Thorn sneaks into the processing facility where people are buried Corpses are turned into Soylent Green waffles that are both cool and strangely dramatic. In the end, the Soylent thugs chase down Thorn, but he survives long enough to tell Chief Hatcher the buzzword. However, you do not know if that's enough, because Hatcher has already been co-opted and has a track record of finding the easy way out. This fact and its ambiguity, however, show that the film does not recapitulate the dilemmas of its characters and has a depth that many have later, better-made films, sci-fi or not, do not have that. That's why Soylent Green is still a movie worth seeing.
