Documenting a Documenter How to Write: Keep the River on the Right: A Modern Cannibal Story. The film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who returned in the late 1970s to places where he participated more than 40 years ago as a field researcher, first to West Papua and then to Peru. Tobias is a full-bodied character: a gay Jewish artist-anthropologist who seeks his livelihood on a cruise ship and tells tourists about the cultures for which he has earned a deep respect and understanding. He is the author of several books documenting his time both with the Asmat people in West Papua and with the cannibalistic Amazonas in Peru. He was persecuted by the events of his time in these places and by how intimate his relationships and relationships were. Nevertheless, Tobias constant miracle and his appreciation for the places he has met, admirable and a true pleasure. One can only hope to ever achieve such humility and preserve it. <br /> <br /> Tobias makes a compelling subject for the study because the experiences he has made by immersing in these two tribal societies have fundamentally changed him. This film challenges the notions of morality and "naturalness" - eg. Nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Pay attention to the graphics pruning scene). When asked why he participated in some local practices that would morally condemn others, his non-judgmental nature asks, "Why not?" Who says the way is right or wrong in other cultures? This little sleeper is not only a must-have for National Geographic types, but also for anyone interested in documentary film. This movie shows what can be shot on video. The editing offers a quiet revelation of Tobias life that makes you fascinated. Sometimes he despairs of being forced by the film crew to embark on the emotional return trip, especially given his age and physical frailty. We can only be thankful that Tobias allows the tables to be set aside, perhaps with a desire to understand humanity and their own place in the world. The filmmakers offer some moments of critical equilibrium, such as an anthropologist believing that Tobias predetermined his findings (in this case, homosexuality) on the basis of his personal interests. However, you can not decide when to stop being shocked and when to take this man home to cuddle. Move over River Queen, this is the best river ride I've done in a long time.
