NYC, 2022: The greenhouse effect, oceans disappeared, unemployment and water scarcity, hydropower and food shortages. The population of New York has 40 million inhabitants. This is a small gem, not least because a resource-poor future is a reality for us citizens of the 21st century. <br /> <br /> The low-budget opening titles of this film are great: Musicalized, a low-tech tape slide sequence consisting solely of archival still images from the beginning of photography until 1973. An untouched American Pastor who becomes a polluted and overcrowded hell in less than 2 minutes. Concise and clear, it is really memorable. Budget constraints are also behind rather unimaginative cinematographies and other limitations, in contradiction to the brilliant premise of the story. The sequences of the police stations are like an episode of a 70's TV detective show, and the other interiors look simple at best. The budget probably consisted of trying to "futurise" Soylent Executive's Chelsea West apartment with state-of-the-art delicacies, which means the other costumes are superficial. Some establishments are bizarrely understaffed, and the outside of the day seemingly seem to push through all the smoke filters. <br /> <br /> The memorable scene, where Sol and Thorn (Charlton Heston) share a meal of expensive and rare foods, sums up their company: they enjoy real bourbon, lettuce, celery, tomatoes, apple and beef and we really feel their lip-service of the wealthy privilege of another. The decisive death scene of Robinson, in which his character is deliberately killed in a place called "Home", shows him in pictures of The once beautiful flora and fauna of the world, when he remembered her, contrasted beautifully with the stupid Dawn of Thorn that the future was bankrupt along with other horrors. <br /> <br /> This is an intelligent movie and its core message is as current as it was in the early 1970s. Yes, I know we are not eating the dead yet, but with our resource-consuming longevity, worsening poverty gap, corporate global capitalism and uncontrolled habitat destruction leading to climate change, the sustainable 'Soylent Green' prediction enter.
