We could see the world of 1973's science fiction drama SOYLENT GREEN if we're not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York City in 2022 has exceeded the 40 million mark. Overpopulation, air pollution, years of heat waves and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what does this special food really consist of? This question is at the center of this admittedly outdated but intriguing film based on Harry Harrison's novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Based on the year 1966. Charlton Heston plays the lead role as Thorne, a detective from the New York Police who came across the murder of a leading corporate boss (Joseph Cotten). As it turned out, Cotten was on the board of directors of Soylent Corporation, responsible for all the foods that people need to consume instead of real things. Heston believes that this was not just a murder in the garden variety, but that Cotten was repelled for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his slightly kantanen, but very clever "book" (Edward G. Robinson in his 101st and final cinematic performance) and a few contemporary reminders of how the world used to be. What Robinson learns about Soylent Green shocks him beyond imagination; But before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he has euthanized himself. And if Heston actually finds out the secret of Soylent Green ... Well, this part is immortalized in film history. <br /> <br /> Under the very professional guidance of director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC) VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather grim but thought provoking look at a dystopian future in which humanity could live if we do not restrict our tendency to rid our planet of its natural resources. In fact, this was a project that Heston himself had thought of as early as 1968, after beating gold in science fiction with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is likely to be lost in any ultra-conservative game. Political philosophy is in discussion (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a way for unrestrained capitalism). Robinson is as always the consummate professional in his last role; The sequence in which he is euthanized (while watching videos of the better times of the world, which are part of Tchaikovsky's music, Beethoven and Grieg) is heartbreaking. The film also benefits from the solid support of Chuck Connors (considered very convincingly heavy), Brock Peters (as Heston's boss), and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston with his investigations. <br /> <br /> It must seem easy these days to release SOYLENT GREEN for the date. But those who do it should think twice; After all, the world of this film becomes our own if we do not observe what we are doing with what we have today.
