As with all eco-conscious movies from the 70s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather cheesy view of the ecological breakdown. Overpopulation means that too many people are being fed? I had the impression that famines were caused either by war or by failed economic policies. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s caused millions of people to starve, and to date Mao's rural policy in China has been the biggest tragedy that claimed more than 30 million lives in the 1950s. And not to forget the great famine in the Horn of Africa in the eighties and nineties, which had to do with conflicts rather than overpopulation. You may also want to remember that two of the most densely populated areas of the world, Hong Kong and Macao, have never experienced famine in the modern day. Likewise, the expansion of slums around cities is not necessarily due to overpopulation - it depends on economic factors in which people flock to cities to find better-paid jobs than in rural areas (this is a symptom of industrialization) Progress - not too many births), so the picture of the streets of New York City is too congested to go over and people are sleeping in stairwells is a bit ridiculous <br /> <br /> But do not let them To deceive SOYLENT GREEN a bunch of woody tree hugging crap because I consider this the best ecological movie of the 70s. She plays with the knowledge of the contemporary public about the world, where Sol and Thorn are happy to find fruit, schnapps and fresh meat. Thorn surprisingly snatches ice cream in his whiskey, pumps on a cigarette and delivers the classic line "If I could afford it, I'll smoke two, maybe three a day". But it is the face of the euthanasia chamber that is memorable when Thorn looks at pictures of wildlife, flowers, running water, and snow-capped mountains. A generation Thorns Generation does not know yet. This is a very haunting scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie. In combination with the fact that Edward G. Robinson can be seen as a wise, old Jew Sol Roth on the canvas
