"The Garden of Allah" is a prime example of "twentieth-century popular women's literature" that combines the power of unbridled erotic and exotic reveries with the stimulating glamor of false mysticism and the sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Just when Jane Eyre could not really be happy until her castle burned down around her and her lover was permanently maimed for his sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find any real fulfillment in her marriage until her husband was put on trial because of the murder of his first wife (and her castle burned down around her) or the poor psyche could not go alone enough and had to find Amor's secret at any cost, Domini, the devout Catholic heroine of this piece of tripe. A true sexual realization can only be found by accidentally marrying a man who has renounced his holy religious vows. Like all these narratives, which are meant to incite the female reader and trigger the fumes, it relies on the book's oldest tricks: basic misunderstandings and the inability to express true feelings in the right place and time until it is too late. The logic is that any ultimate sexual ecstasy can be mimicked, as long as you're willing to pay a high price for it. It is Paul Claudel who is reduced to the standards of a beauty salon magazine. Well ... It could have been a lot worse and it was often ... Without the religious overtones, the storyline of the movie is that of your basic porn movie: The over-exuberant monk crazy about abstinence escapes to the desert, where he rolls a few roles in the dunes, with a romantic, shapely but naive Catholic heiress, before rejoining his monastery, all his passion spends his passion, leaving him to clean up his mess. And I'm really annoyed by comparing another commentator with Anatole France's "Thais," a sophisticated novel whose purpose it was to make fun of the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which, thankfully, recounted in Massenet's opera of the same name were. <br /> <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism is, of course, the enormous constellation of talents gathered under a banner to bring this cinematic wet room to a shimmering, pulsating life. Relentless Technicolor photography that will outlive us all, a truck full of worthy character actors (including a cute dog), a music score by Max Steiner determined to complete the "composed film," the Michael Powell (which, ironically, had a role ) in the Silent version of 1927) again and again dreamed sometimes to tremble on the edge of dissonance, but always to get through in splendid symphony-opera-exoticism, a dreamlike atmosphere in which material considerations are not an object, the characters move like From one place the next dialogue is sparse, vague and suggestive, the art direction is close to the sky, floral arrangements appear in the most humble hut or in the lightest tent, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible and all male characters are either aristocrats, saints, damned sinners , Mystic or poet. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this movie is nude, but impeccable. The bitrate is consistently very high, the color registration is almost always perfect and the 2.0 mono sound really does justice to Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this type of "women" theme ": The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by" The Garden of Allah ", directed" Carnet de Bal ", where a Hero (widowed after being cared for by a sickly husband in the exotic seclusion of an unbelievably romantic alpine villa on the lake) wants to find out what she's missing by putting the male dancers in her first dance book She finds them all in time, only to find that the feeling that was somewhere between her Beaus and herself was either misunderstood, overestimated, or had lifelong tragic consequences. "It was Duvivier's cynical way to tell us that we should beware of impossible idealistic ideas and that we all have to grow up sooner or later.
