I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. It is not a strictly biographical film. it is "loose" on the facts. However, I found it a captivating and sinister exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this film. Petiot, traveling like a vampire through the night, his black coat fluttering behind him, is almost iconic. There are also some aspects of Expressionism - Petiot's curved silhouette that leads up the staircase leading from the cellar where the slaughtered remains of his victims await cremation reminds me of some scenes from 'Nosferatu' The main attraction of this film is to be acoustic. The soundtrack is full of ominous sounds, starting with the unsuspecting music of the opening credits, accompanied by wordless lamentations. Petiot lives and runs his doctor's office in a complex of many small shops, and there is a lingering background noise of knives being sharpened somewhere, as well as a peddler playing sinister tunes on a saw. There are also animal noises - the concierge holds a goat, the kittens of unseen cats - and later in the movie we see unfortunate cattle being driven through an underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with violent tones and battles. <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but also human voices are often heard - the screams of Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in his waiting room, monitored by a hearing aid, as well as the alleged collaborators after the war Cells are monitored. Even the action of the film is often arranged so that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them. When Petiot goes to Mme Kern, we hear her singing while she's working, her voice echoes in the theater before we ever see her. And even when she appears, she is often filmed from behind, and her voice calls to her husband, whose voice she calls in conversation. In large halls, voices resonated without bodies, and their owners are photographed remotely, if at all, so we can not really see them speaking. This is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of them the future victims of Petiot. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just one vote; His frightening laughter reverberates as he withdraws from the camera and throws no comments at anyone behind him or in the air. In a way, he's just a ghost like the one he's murdering. He is always busy, hurrying from appointment to appointment, never resting. But his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and unshakable. It is interesting that Petiot alone is not afraid of all the terror and danger of occupied Paris; He is amused, enthusiastic, angry, upset, scornful, but never fearful, unlike the people he lures to death. Not surprisingly, he prides himself on his mechanical inventions, including a machine for constant movement (a true detail from the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); He is himself a kind of perpetual movement machine. Mechanical images can be found throughout the film, from the opening Ferris wheel at the Filmhaus to Petiot's bike (with screeching wheels that reproduce the sound of knife sharpening), to the Victrola, which he always makes to make music before he kills. Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, get camouflaged before you leave, you need a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just the routine Because the record is always the same. Maeder, the author, says it was the perfection of the clockwork of his crime that so heavily charged Petiot in his trial. His system was as smooth and efficient as a Nazi concentration camp, so the film may have invented a subplot of Petiot's involvement in the French Gestapo and the occupied Nazis. Unfortunately, it does not work as part of the story as it is very difficult to figure out what Petiot does for the staff or what happens when he lands in his headquarters in the middle of the night. Dispose of body? Hide stolen goods? It's hard to say and harder to believe; It is unlikely that the state would turn to a freelancer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But he reminds us of the duality of bad people. Petiot is a robber and murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we have learned that Hitler loved dogs and Nazis who were guilty of the worst war crimes could also love fathers and fathers, we must recognize that Petiot can cause unspeakable horrors and can function normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the madness and horror of the war situation in Paris. When everything happens around killing, smoking and disappearing, nobody pays attention while Petiot throws more corpses into the pile.
