I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved that, and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb one of the peaks of Mount Everest. Well, these kinds of things are usually not overlooked. Inspiring. To move. Pretty standard, right? And even if the movie was just that, I still would have liked it. But it was so much more. Former German Sabriye Tenberken set up a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as proof that a person has done bad things in a past life. Many of the children at school have been shunned all their lives, and at best are a burden on their families. As part of their education, Tenberken tells the story of the American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to visit her students. Instead, he has a plan. He arranges an expedition for them to board the 23,000-foot Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants, and this is where the fun begins. <br/> <br /> Erik's team is mostly American, mostly male and mostly sighted. As experienced climbers, they are Type A personalities, very dedicated and goal-oriented. Sabriye is European, female and blind, and the students for her are more than a "project", no matter how well-intentioned it is. In addition, the students are Tibetan and not old enough or confident enough to always stand up for themselves. As the expedition unfolds, they become players between the two adult "sides", both of whom want to satisfy, while at the same time wanting to gain the confidence that comes from completing it. As an additional barrier (apart from blindness), they speak English as a second or, in most cases, a third language and strive to understand and understand each other. <br /> <br /> When It Turns When none of the students have climbing experience and some are better coordinated than others, Erik's original plan is to get everyone to the summit together. Since both students and teachers suffer from the effects of altitude, it must be decided whether to continue or send some of them down the mountain. Under the effects of altitude, the irritability is increased and you can see how it nourishes the conflict between the adults. At the risk of simplification being too simplistic, on the one hand, those for whom the goal is everything and, on the other hand, those who just want to enjoy the journey. I'm not going to tell you how it all turns out, except that this was one of the most startling and thought provoking stories I've seen of any mountaineer in the story for a long time, and this was urgently needed as the children climb tilt your head and shut up. With all the drama around them that was not surprising. The Backstories are alternately charming and heartbreaking, and I found it very strange that at the beginning of the movie I was more tears than I was at the end. This met my expectations and was another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> Aside from all the human drama that has to be reported, director Walker and her small crew had to face the harsh and oxygen-free conditions of mountain equipment themselves and hope it does not collapse. As with all the big documentary films, the filmmaker was just happy enough (or smart enough or ready enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she has captured a very special story that so much about the people who want it has to say "What is the best for the children?" as is the case with the children themselves.
