There is an episode of The Simpsons that contains a joke news report that refers to an army training base called the "Killbot Factory." Here the commentary is just part of a throwaway joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary does is scary to us that he's not that far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US Army decided to tackle a problem that confronted them throughout the war. that many soldiers went into battle and found it completely impossible to kill another human being when it was not about "me or them". Since then, the US Army's training process has been to dispel all moral concerns and turn recruits into killing machines that do not think of fighters as human beings. To develop a highly unnatural state in them: "The sustained urge to kill." <br /> <br /> First of all, this is not an anti-war movie in itself. While it certainly makes war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses more on an aspect that does not get as much media attention as the debate about the legitimacy of a war or its physical successes or failures. The impact of the process of transforming a man into a soldier has an impact on this human being as a human being. It is paradoxical that making someone a soldier to defend society makes him completely unfit to live as part of that society, and while most of the examples and interviewees are from the recent Middle East conflict, Foulkrod makes connections to earlier ones conflicts. especially Vietnam, painfully clear. This is not about a particular war, but about the problems caused by the war in general. Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three sections; how recruits are drawn into the army and what training they receive, how they are treated when they are in combat, and what happens when they leave the army. Once this point is reached, you realize that the main purpose of this film is actually the policy of armed forced labor, a policy used to make soldiers an affective force, but to take humanity away from individuals. Respondents tell the camera how the recruiting process appears so clean and simple, how words such as "democracy" and "freedom" are bundled, but as training begins, they become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". Once soldiers are in action, they do not care what they are commanded to do because they are firmly convinced that as soon as they execute an order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to going home. They have no political or social ideals to fight for, but fight and kill, and they have been trained to do so. <br /> <br /> However, The Ground Truth's main objective is to highlight the way in which the US Army sends off those who cast them off for their country when they return home. There is no real rehabilitation for returning soldiers, and many are forced to go home not to cope with what they have seen and done, and most of the measures seem to be to ensure that the army does not Legal responsibility for psychological effects on their army has picked up soldiers. This is the final indignation, once used they are thrown away. <br /> <br /> If the film has a flaw, Foulkrod does not try to show the page a different page. They would get the impression that every single soldier who ever went to war would come back with post-traumatic stress syndrome. It would have been interesting to see one? Less liberal education gives their opinion on how the army deals with education and politics. On the other side of the argument there is never a chance to express oneself. <br /> <br /> But aside from being a well-written documentary, Foulkrod's material and music is perfectly used to share a side of the war that will pass too often as the consequences of war are discussed.
