"Ancestry." Yes. Boy ... I have not seen anything so powerful since Bruno Dumont's "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (By the way, this movie is not to be confused with a relatively new picture on the subject of "female empowerment," "THE Descent" (2005)), directed by our splat pack friend Neil Marshall, who also has a major talent his own right.) But back to that "descent", the NC-17 (uh-oh) judged the effort to which the lovely Mrs. Dawson gets the recognition of a producer (congratulation) and was headed by Talia Lugacy (big chance not a real name), as good as it is (in a few moments), it is not appreciated by most laymen because the script is pretty flawed. As a producer, you really need to streamline this script. Of course, on the premise alone, you have the prospect of a growing conflict, but it is still up to you to deal with a rising conflict. Sometimes, this thing seems like an interesting piece of experimental theater and theater. Well, I guess I let the others, who have already been commented on, talk to boredom, to what happens in the second act - but find a second act that is not is boring? There's also this Catch 22, which comes with these quasi-independent films like "Descent", in which Rosario ties in with her "Fame identity" and uses them to bring a script into production, which in normal circumstances is not would be done while at the same time it is basically a miscast in the main role of the movie. Rosario Dawson is beautiful and apparently you can shoot this girl all day from almost every angle, but how fast time passes: Rosy is no longer a student. That's part of the confusion over the script: "Is she a doctoral student? A TA? No, doctoral students do not really have that sort of reservation with footballers, right?" If you are Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, this is one of many, many aspects of the professional film process that you need to think about as you begin this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you have no answer to why your film is unconvincing, let me tell you: there is a boatload and a swarm of vivacious, well-educated, seasoned talents embarking on the business that pegs this main character all the time could have and look as damn good as you know who; but unfortunately without Mrs. Dawson -no Honey, NO money. I have to say that the camera department has done an excellent job, since this movie is really well filmed in all its dreary / dreamy darkness. The nightclub scenes look wonderful. You can say that all of these music videos pay off and the game starts over time ... filming / framing is all very good, making the picture a worthwhile watch. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is not great. However, I have the feeling that thanks to NetFlix this movie will find a life of its own. I hope this group continues to make films. If you have experimental American filmmaking, cinematographic imagery of implausibly well-educated college studs (or male dropouts) in your early twenties, or if you're a student, you're just mad at the hormonally aggressive young men if you're less than half your "Rosario Dawson's Descent" could be typical of RockaRoll.
