I only rented this movie because Rosario Dawson was there. I sat down to see it with my buddy, and after 6 minutes we sat at our seats. Not because of any intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no crazy deposits; Movie. It slowly drew you in and urged you to a tragic human fate. Some people think they like film, but they are sad. They like movies; Mindless entertainment, just for the sake of entertainment. Michael Bays Transformers and the like were produced for exactly this audience. No need to think people, just to observe and admit any cliché we can muster to slowly dissolve your brain. We even advertise throughout the movie so you can buy our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make the difference, art can be entertaining, but also thought-provoking and moving you in a hidden way. Entertainment is rarely artful and even then arbitrary. Movie is entertainment. The descent is a movie. Film is art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul in your running meatbasket, this rape scene is just as powerful as "irreversible." The difference here is that "Irreversable" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose ways unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell followed. "Descent" is about rape. No less disgusting. No less corrupt. Just different. It's about a breach of trust, soul desecration and the deep scars. If the character had agreed to "Maya," it would have been a hot sex scene. But as she desperately wanted to flee, the scene gets sick. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial rapist who is completely disturbed because he is so much like a passionate love affair. How could "Maya" ever be close to anyone, even though in the middle of the rape of her "Jared's Slick Lover Boy" facade, she's always suggesting slipping? She is ruined. <br /> <br /> The movie as a whole is beautiful. The camera work and lighting sometimes removes the environment, focusing everything on "Maya" and the quiet inner life of her mind. All this was achieved by Rosario with facial expression and gestures. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. My most popular scene is the synchronism of all these collaborative film aspects; "Maya" dances in a sea of ​​writhing bodies, something in her awakening that becomes conscious, all set to a beautifully sad Jeff Buckley tune. <br /> <br /> I do not think I really spoiled anything here I stop before I do. Bottom line, I think that this was the best movie of the year 2007. Unfortunately, it seems that nowadays everyone is so depressed that people just can not be disturbed unless they hack and hack, gang rape or nuclear weapons. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is only the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. In the shower; when you brush your teeth; if you buy a Christmas present when tying your shoe; They persecute you They persecute you until the last sets you free. <br /> <br /> Pamper yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie
