At first, this was a BRAVE movie. I have seen irreversible and can understand the comparisons. However, I can not begin to understand the people who ruined this movie. I can see how the end could have been extreme, but I would be lying if I did not say that any man who ever forced a woman to have sex earned exactly what Jared got. Conversely, it did not solve or do anything better, and the fact that the film is not like that has made me appreciate it. <br /> <br /> The commentary before this film called the movie pathetic, claiming no adult would stick to it. I have definitely and intensively done it. I am 24 years old. The way the movie drags made it realistic. People have become so used to seeing sweets and rapid plots on the screen that if you ask them to focus too long on a stone in the primer of a movie, they not only lose interest, but also that, what was built, demolish and call it garbage. In fact, it's their lack of patience and understanding that fine-tuning is needed, not the product of a creative mind like Talia Lugacy. Rosario Dawson showed the deafness of self-destruction flawlessly. I think she portrayed Maya with ease before and after the attack, and the transition between the two is an act that I rarely see well done. Similar to the "adolescent" films mentioned in the previous commentary, the effects of rape are often portrayed as extremely manic and impulsive, or terribly depressed, isolated and lifeless. In my opinion, Dawson manages to do the splits that so many survivors fall victim to: drone-like existence in the awakening hours, dead-end work to survive (and distract), and then too much speculation to get lost in it Substance abuse and not what brings sobriety. <br /> <br /> I thought this movie was telling the truth, and I appreciated that he finally showed people another side of the rape. So many people let the end of this film devour the middle and the beginning ... I believe that Maya's face was the end during the act ... not the act itself ... not the revenge or the meaning behind it ... only her face ... thanks
