This was the first televised episode of the Columbo series (though shot after "Death Lends a Hand") and it heralded one of the most successful TV series in history. Jack Cassidy (who played the band) murderer in the series three times) excited enthusiasm for complacency, arrogance and self-confidence. Ken Franklin, half of a mystery writing team plotting to kill his partner Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner). The one who decides to end his professional relationship makes Franklin appear merely as a good publicist rather than a prolific writer. <br /> <br /> The initial order of murder is fantastic and Cassidy's appearance provides an undeniable recognition that he was the best Columbo killer in the series. <br /> <br /> Peter Falk is wonderfully understated in his role as Columbo, and his character's inherent traits and peculiarities, underscored by apparent slowness and carelessness, are particularly well matched by Cassidy's character's extreme complacency: one of their early ones Scenes in which Ken Franklin, together with Jim Ferris, developed a motive for killing in which it did not exist to identify hitmen operating in the underworld illustrate this very well. Franklin suggests this potential motive to Columbo, and Columbo (deliberate or ignorant) does not attack, forcing Franklin to express his disappointment in a condescending manner and unfavorably compare him to the detective Mrs. Melville in the books. Also noteworthy is the early directorial contribution of 24-year-old Steven Spielberg. Despite some elemental inclusions of cameras shadowing the actors and actresses, he adds some stylish and thoughtful accents to maintain the overall professionalism of the episode. A particularly sharp picture shows Jim Ferissss corpse, which is almost dark in the foreground on the sofa, as Ken Franklin lifts a glass in the background, after he has finished a call to Ferris disturbed wife. I have no doubt that Spieberg's efforts are not to be underestimated on a restrictive 10 to 14 day schedule. Unfortunately, the second murder incident is necessitated by a blackmail program planned by a woman friend of Franklin (ironically referred to as "sloppy" by Columbo in his climatic summary) takes the steam off the whole. The plot's edge is compromised and the screen time between Falk and Cassidy at this point is inexcusably reduced to possibly help the scriptwriter (Stephen Bocho) out of a tight corner as he can not develop the story on his own without another murder. <br /> <br /> The highlight is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. The initial banter and the exchanges between Falk and Cassidy are strong and effective, but it merely states that more should have happened subsequently. The main aggravation lies in the seal hint (if it can be called a hint): Cassidy's previous complacency and arrogance is astonishingly expelled by a clue that really does not suggest much about his guilt; and once this is mentioned, he capitulates in an unspectacular and atypical way. <br /> <br /> All in all, a bold opening of the series that inevitably announces and foretells all good to Columbo and, conversely, the problems associated with such ingenuity, ie the maintenance of high standards and above all the Creation of a credible and reasonably intelligent end.
