Since I am the Beatlemaniac that I am, I approached Two Of Us with a combination of fear and fascination. After seeing 'In His Life: The Story of John Lennon', I was pretty worried that Two Of Us would not get better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris absolutely do not look like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? also with some make-up and proper hairstyles? did not help much. <br /> <br /> But I was more than pleasantly surprised. It is probably due to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who led Let Let Be in 1970 and John and Paul probably knew well that the characters and dialogue were just as convincing. (Thanks for Two Of Us, a man named Mark Stanfield, of whom I know absolutely nothing, I am confident that director Lindsay-Hogg had more than a little bit of script to do.) Two Of Us is not a biography of Beatles; In fact, it has very little plot and takes place on a day in New York City. They envision a meeting between John and Paul in 1976 while John was living in New York. Of course, this meeting is completely fictional. However, it can not really be disproved that such a meeting actually took place. But through this imaginary conversation, there is an insight into the personalities of these two great musicians. her intelligence, her sense of humor, her different reaction to fame, and above all her relationship; What made her such a great team and what broke her apart. <br /> <br /> As it is an entertaining movie, apart from a two-and-a-half hour dialogue, almost all are true Beatles fans; But it's a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling and is both informative and touching. For those interested in these two musical giants, will you quickly get over the shock, how different the actors are from their fellow players, and how John and Paul came to life? So intimate and compelling is the script, and so are the actors involved. Two Of Us gives you invaluable insights into the lives of two geniuses and a story that is both sad and funny. Absolutely to suggest.
