The fundamental Georgian film by Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not Grieve, is loosely based on the novel by the French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin". The novel plays on the land side of the 18th century century France. The Great French Revolution is still evolving, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor, is a soul of a local society, the educated, friendly, democratic person who often treats the poor for free. This makes him very popular with the locals, but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette, who is also crazy about him, but closely watched by her father, who called his daughter "his little capital". She's determined to protect her virginity until the contract is signed ... I've never read the book, and it sounds like a charming, very French novel by description, but I'm intrigued by the results of moving the characters and some plot elements from the 18th century in France to the beginning of the 20th century in Georgia-Grusiya. I would think it was Danelia who invented all the colorful, memorable characters that feel so at home in Georgia-Grusiya, the land of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine Georgians seem to have a very unique sense of humor and high code of honor. When we saw the movie with my husband last night, he said, "What a great example of an art film, and I agree with it." Do not Grieve is a perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never arrogant but optimistic. He celebrates life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, full of irony and understanding for his somewhat eccentric but very human characters. The important thing is that the movie is warm and gentle and does not look at its viewers, as is the case with some of the art images. You do not have to be a movie fan to love it, to live with it, to smile and sigh to follow the kind-hearted young Doctor Benjamin (first role in a Danelia movie of the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze) Danelia would be on his journey through the streets and mountains of Georgia shoot two more films, including one of my favorite songs (Mimino). Or as a guest at a party where friends meet to celebrate the life of old Doctor Levan, who wanted to be a guest on his own to find out what his friends are saying about him when he dies while he is dying still alive, and who can choose which color he prefers for his casket. When I saw the movie, I thought it was a kind of movie Federico Fellini might have liked. I was not surprised when I found the article about Danelia, in which he makes Fellini his number one director. I also found out that according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many popular comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I do not have to imagine another Danelia movie, the fairy tale about the American boy Huck Finn , loved). Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about Do not Grieve while Fellini praised it very much. I dare to say a bit and just think Maestro Fellini might have remembered a few pictures and the aura and atmosphere of Do not Grieve when he made Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential that connects both films. Both artists returned to their roots, to the places they deeply love, to the people they remembered, loved and honored. Both films have a lot of smile through the tears. Both are art films that would go straight to the hearts of the audience. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I will add Georgi Danelia to my favorite director list. He has made some of the most brilliant images in my favorite genre of dramas, even tragic comedies that are witty and bittersweet, poignant and subtle, earthy and uplifting, gentle and shiny. When I looked up the list of films he shot / filmed, I was amazed that he did not make a single bad movie ever since he started the award-winning story of a little boy, Seryozha, in 1960. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as I'm sure they are among his legions of fans. The man behind Seryozha, Sovsem Propashchiy (1972), an adaptation of Mark Twain The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964), also known as Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969), also does not mourn, Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy Marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, a very fitting title for this film as well as the entire genre that Danelia has practically invented, and the cult favorite for over 20 children. Dza-Dza (1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and sincere gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
