WWE needed a savior when Wrestlemania 14 rolled around. The withdrawal of Bret Hart and the subsequent evaporation of the Hart Foundation had left the Vile D-Generation X-stall in the WWE untouched. Their despicable leader, Shawn Michaels, had stolen the title thanks to Vince McMahon's interference from Hart, and with the help of his cohorts, Triple H and Chyna had systematically eliminated anyone who questioned his supremacy. At the Royal Rumble, however, a new contender had appeared. Stone Cold Steve Austin. Hated by McMahonagement, Austin DX had worried. In fact, she was so concerned that she had used the help of "The Baddest Man on the Planet," Mike Tyson, as a special enforcer. Austin would face tough odds in his title fight with Shawn Michaels. <br /> <br /> But first, a sub-map had to come through that started with the Legion of Doom, which won a memorable 15-team bout from Royal Becoming No.1 contenders for the tag title. I had actually forgotten that match existed until I watched the PPV again. No, very good and really highlights the lack of depth in the tag division at this time. <br /> <br /> In the next game saw the title of the light heavyweight, which was defended by champion Taka Michonoku against Aguila. The WWE had set the light heavyweight title to compete with the strong cruiserweight division of the WCW. It was not successful and this was the only time the title was ever defended at Wrestlemania. A short game that lasts about five minutes and is actually too short to achieve much. What little they did was exciting and this was a nice little match where Taka kept his title. <br /> <br /> OK, our next match was that DX member Triple H defended the WWE European Championship title he had won by Farcical Fashion from Shawn Michaels on RAW in December and did not hold against PPV against Owen Hart, the single survivor defended. Triple H got a big performance with the DX band to play his title song. Chyna accompanied Triple H to the ring, but was then tied to WWE commissioner Sgt Slaughter. Triple H and Owen have a nice little match before Chyna intervened and Hart hit a deep blow, resulting in Triple H keeping the title. Good game, could have been great if it took a little longer. <br /> <br /> But of course, we did not want to take our time off our next game, where the real husband and wife Marc Mero and Sable Goldust defeated, and Luna Vachon in Wrestlemania's first mixed-day match 8 years. And honestly, the wait was not worth it. Although not terrible, the game was in no way memorable. This was the end of Mero's only run in the WWE, and the main purpose was to continue the breakup of his relationship with Sable. Next we saw Ken Shamrock jump out and cost the Intercontinental Championship. He destroyed the IC Champion The Rock, but refused to let go of the ankle-locking handle, which caused the referee to reverse his decision. This was a short game, but decent for what it was. Next, the night's first good game looked as the WWE Tag Team Champions, the New Age Outlaws, lost their titles to Cactus Jack and Chainsaw Charlie's fun dumpster. The decision was reversed the following night, when Cactus and Chainsaw had dumped the Outlaws behind the scenes in a dumpster instead of those used in the match, but this was still an entertaining fight. <br /> <br /> Now was the time for the eagerly awaited first meeting between Kane and his brother, the Undertaker. Kane had tasted and "killed" Undertaker the WWE championship at the Royal Rumble when he helped Shawn Michaels imprison Undertaker in a casket and set him on fire in revenge for Undertaker, who burned down his parents' house and left him terribly disfigured , This was a decent match and told a nice story as the Underataker picked up everything Kane could throw at him and then kicked him out with three gravestones to finish the match. <br /> <br /> This left only the main event of the WWE Champion faces Steve Austin with Mike Tyson as guest enforcer. Michaels had suffered a severe back injury in his game against Undertaker at the Royal Rumble and was notable despite his physical limitations. Triple H and Chyna were relegated early after an external intervention. The game ended with Austin attempting a try on Sweet Chin Music, hitting the Stone Cold Stunner with a ref-down. Tyson then entered the ring to score the three, celebrating the win with Austin and knocking Michaels out after the match. It turned out that Tyson and Austin were together and the cat had been playing with the mouse all the time. <br /> <br /> This was the last PPV match for Shawn Michaels for four and a half years. This helped to establish Austin as the biggest star in the wrestling business. The mainstream advertising generated by Tyson's appearance turned out to be a crucial turning point in WWE's fight against WCW. Austin would become the biggest star in WWE history, and along with rock, Mick Foley, Undertaker, and Triple H led WWE by the time they gained their highest cultural relevance. And at Wrestlemania 14 everything started.
