This movie works because it feels so real. The story is simple and realistic, perfectly capturing the joys and fears of youthful love and sexuality that most of us all experienced in our teenage years. The actors are as natural as characters in a documentary, but they are as convincing and as charismatic as experienced performers. The dialogue is fresh and honest ... and fortunately not filled to the brim with cute pop culture references. In addition, the cinematography is both beautiful and beautiful and brings the Lower East Side environment to life in a very concrete way. <br /> <br /> On an artistic level, I love this movie because it reminds me of a great Italian neo -realistic films like The Bicycle Thief and La Strada. Movies rarely feel as "real" as they do ... or like Bicycle Thief. And the only other movie I've seen that treats the sexuality of teen with the same seriousness is Elia Kazan's splendor in the grass. The author / director Peter Sollett deserves a lot of praise. This movie is quite a achievement. <br /> <br /> Personally, I'm always happy to see a movie that treats members of ethnic America with love and respect. As an Italian-American, I hate the way my own people appear in the cinema (as racist, effeminate, criminal geniuses in irritatingly popular epics), and my escalation in this regard makes me acute for other groups and their horrible screen depictions. Hispanics and Asians, in particular, seem to curse playing bad guys in western and action movies. (Good thing Gong Li did not try to get famous in America!) <br /> Of course, thanks to the rise of indie imagery and the influence of Miramax, we still see a few more pictures of ethnic characters here and there .. But breeding Victor Vargas is without a doubt one of the best. Although I really like My Big Fat Greek Wedding, it is a refreshing change that Raising Victor Vargas is currently being played (with less exaggerated and broadly drawn characters) while still being very funny. Finally! Notable Latino characters. I feel like this is a movie to remember. <br /> <br /> Now that he has made this wonderful picture of a Dominican family, I hope Peter Sollett will make a movie about Italian movie soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
