This is a movie I had missed so far, but now that I have seen it, it appears as one of the main Noir-style contributions. As usual with the DivX format, playback was far from ideal. clouded by occasional video and (mostly) audio issues ?? But since the movie is not yet available on R1-DVD, it has to work for the moment. Since the film has a good reputation in the genre itself, I assume that the reason for this oversight is that it does not have a well-known actor in the lead role. Anyway, the late receipt of the film's nominal star of the movie? Franchot Tone? quite a litter (especially since he is the villain right from the start)! Ton was an underrated actor? he rarely got fleshy roles, and this could be his best (which makes his paranoid both intriguing and believably dangerous). The female lead? Ella Raines, who later appeared in BRUTE FORCE (1947) as well as Siodmak's own film THE SUSPECT (1944) and THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY (1945)? is quite gracious and takes on the role of the distraught secretary to prove her sentenced boss (Alan Baxter) innocent of his wife's brutal murder. Other important supporting parts are worked up by Thomas Gomez as an initial bullying, but eventually sympathetic police investigator and Elisha Cook Jr. the epitome of the genre? as the unfortunate "lady-man" of a drummer. <br /> <br /> Like Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was on the podium at this point in his career and this film definitely benefits from his superb focus? ? all of the tilting angles and grandiose set pieces, including the rightly celebrated jazz sequence, in Cook's sexual intoxication caused by the sloppily dressed Raines (who takes action to grab his attention and eventually drive him) will, maniacally beats on his drums) admit that he withheld investigation evidence that could release her resigned lover from prison). Another great, lengthy sequel is the one in which Raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) in the streets of New York. which causes him to be mowed down by a car! <br /> <br /> Also noteworthy is the test sequence? which is fully represented by the audience's response so that judges, jury, witnesses and D.A. are never to be seen (although the judge's voice is clearly that of the veteran character Samuel S. Hinds). At the heart of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminals involved, with the latter's inspector classified as mentally ill and giving "dizzying spells" to the initially complacent tone. The exciting climax finds Raines alone with Tone in his apartment, where they discovered evidence of his guilt. and he admits he had an affair with Baxter's wife, but killed her when she did not leave her husband for him. By the way, I've met in the movie a little shit: while the story is clearly set in 1943, I found that during the taxi ride towards the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis accompanies the titular lady to the theater? The recording of New York (which is clearly made of footage) includes a marquee promoting Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical comedy SWISS MISS. Incidentally, the famous mystery author Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which this is based on a pseudonym.
