Alan Curtis has a loud, violent argument with his wife, pops out of his apartment, drinks a night with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (run by Andrew Tombes, a vicious part for a change) and returns to find his wife dead and the police, led by Thomas Gomez, who is waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with this mysterious lady - crash because anyone he can think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims there was never such a person. He does not get an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) believes Ellen Raines. Convicted after a lawsuit, he awaits his death sentence. Raines goes in search of the truth and discovers that Gomez has some doubts. She also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who was apparently out of town on the night of the crime. Will she clear Curtis in time? THE PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (the great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). As movie fans from other Woolrich works know (LEOPARD MAN, THE NIGHT HAVE A THOUSAND EYES, REAR WINDOWS, NO MAN OF YOU), nowhere can you see what is true on the surface. The missing wife of a seller may not be in the back country and send him messages that she has arrived, if he still owns her jewelry. The mentalist can really predict a tragedy - or was he planning the murder of his old partner, who is now an oil millionaire? Has a leopard killed the young women, or does the wealthy hermit in the city actually hide a bad knowledge? Is the young woman claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in a train accident really a scammer? Here it is Raines and Gomez (with the help of Tone) who try to prove that Curtis has seen a woman nobody wants to admit - and when he sees her, why can not anyone remember her? The problem with the story is really Curtis' personality - he gives in too easily if he is found guilty of the crime he did not commit. In reality, anyone who is innocent would scream it until the moment they are executed. However, in defense of Curtis' collapse, this also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN becomes so upset that he is so maddened and crazy by Douglas Dumbrille and his henchmen that he does not defend himself until the people in need of help call out their fears in the courtroom and his sense of responsibility reawakens. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez, and everyone else would not care if Curtis was not. <br /> <br /> But the movie survives this weakness. The slow dissolution of lies by witnesses bribed by the true killer allows Raines to play tombes on a lonesome high platform and Elisha Cook two standards in a jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more conspicuous than the villain expects when he revisits his alibi. And the rogue manages to keep Raines and Gomez ahead of the rest of the movie. If the movie is not as good as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWO or THE MALTESE FALCON, he's doing pretty well until Curtis and Raines are reunited at the end.
