This Noir may not be the best remembered film of that time, but it does offer a great mysterious storyline, the general Noir atmosphere, and some good performances by its lesser known actors. Robert Siodmak, the talented director of the mystery / horror classic 'The Spiral Staircase', staged this film two years earlier than the previously mentioned film. He shows a true sense of creating a dark and brooding atmosphere, as well as an action that fascinates as well as captivates the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; A man married to a woman he does not like. One evening he picks up a lady with a big hat in a bar, and they both agree to a listless night. Then he returns home to find his apartment infested by police, and soon finds out that his apartment is there because his wife was strangled with one of his ties! He is shocked to find that nobody he has seen during the mysterious woman can remember her, and of course the jury sends him for murdering his wife. Luckily for him, his beautiful female employee falls for the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot moves beautifully throughout, and unlike many of the better known noirs, this one has a few more murders that trigger the process more interesting , If it had not been for the fact that it was made in the 1940s and shot in black and white, I would swear that Phantom Lady was an Italian Giallo! The main characters are all interesting enough. Alan Curtis offers a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines acts as an impromptu female detective. The real standout of the film, however, is Franchot Tone, who delivers a memorable performance as a crazy villain of the play. The film also features a role for supporting the extraordinary actor Elisha Cook Jr, who plays drummer in the movie's most memorable segment. If I were to criticize this film, I would say that the identity of the killer is exposed a little too early - though Phantom Lady on this front deserves some credit for the original path. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is amazing given the unlikely plotline) and overall, Phantom Lady is certainly one of the best and most watched noirs ever made!
