Phantom Lady (1944) Director: Robert Siodmak <br /> <br /> Production: Universal Pictures <br /> <br /> Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), who is split after an uncomfortable fight with his wife, seems to be drowning worry at the local waterhole. There, he spies on a woman in a similar emotional state and asks her to seek a camaraderie for a show in a club to rid her mind of her problems. She agrees, but only on condition that she keeps her names to herself. Sure, when Scott gets home, he finds the police there and waits to question him. His wife was murdered. Where were you at 8 o'clock this evening, asks Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez)? But Scott has an alibi, right? Only he does not know the name of the woman. And the bartender remembers Scott, but not the woman. The taxi driver, too. Still the drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.) in the club. Even the dancer in the club, whom Scott clearly caught looking at the woman (both wore the same hat), will not recognize that someone was with him. Something is going on, but whatever it is, Scott is helpless to defend himself in a lawsuit, and is sentenced to death for murdering his wife. It remains his loyal secretary 'Kansas' (Ella Raines), who is later accompanied by a sympathetic Inspector Burgess to find out the real killer before Scott is executed. Phantom Lady relies on it almost compulsively in Woolrichs work. For example, the schizophrenic antagonist is also seen in Black Angel and The Leopard Man. In addition, there is the character that will mentally unbalance the death of a sweetheart or spouse found in Rendezvous in Black and The Bride Wore Black. It can make a viewer feel like stepping on worn ground. But in the right hands, the feverish conspiracies, the dialogue, the narrative inconsistencies are anything but meaningful. Fortunately, Phantom Lady was run by sound hands. <br /> <br /> This is Siodmak's first noir. He would distinguish himself as one of the outstanding practitioners of the style (The Killers, Criss Cross). Here he happens to be paired with cinematographer Woody Bredell (they will be reunited on Christmas Day and The Killers). There are some great storytelling stories in the camera. In one shot, the deteriorating state of mind of a character is shown sitting in front of a 3-way mirror, suggesting several personalities. The same figure, who is an artist, has Van Gogh's self-portrait with his ear connected to the wall in his apartment. But what Siodmak and Bredell really do in Phantom Lady practically creates the look of Noir. Published in early 1944, everything is here. the wet pavement, the sacks of atmosphere and fear, the sharp contrasting B & W, the wild expressionist versions of reality (when Kansas Scott visits in jail), the incongruous beams, etc. It's a terrific image /> Franchot Tone aside, the cast and theme and the relative inexperience of the director (and presumably the budget) suggest 'B' movie ambitions. I thought Tone was a bit hammy. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) does not have much to offer and seems pretty weak in some scenes. Ella Raines is mostly good (and pretty nice). Her 'sex scene' with Elisha Cook Jr. is so insane that one must have seen her to be believed. Another outstanding scene is when Kansas chases the bartender to question him. It's a chase scene as she pursues him relentlessly through the streets and stops at a subway station. Something really good voltage there. <br /> <br /> *** from 4
