I rated this movie 7/10, which is an average of 8/10 for script, directing and production values ​​from 1944 and 6/10 for acting. My acting rating was again calculated to be 4/10 for all screen characters, with the exception of heroine Ella Raines's Carol Richman, who scored 8 out of 10. I also recommend Thomas Gomez as Inspector Burgess, whose character convinces that he personally does not believe that the guilty verdict against Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was precisely in view of his naive alibi. These two then form an alliance to Scott's alibi to prove. <br /> <br /> I have this film on a "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" DVD in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, since I did not complete any of the search English version could find. However, I was looking forward to another performance by Ella Raines after being impressed with her performance as a heroine in "Impact", which was played by a single female garage owner. Here, Ella performs another heroic role of belief in the innocence of her engineering chief and rejects some suggestions that she should return to Kansas (her boss's name is hers) before she solves the missing alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a bit hard, I think, since he had formally only apparently had a formal business relationship with her. He had, however, designed children's homes and playgrounds, so I think that "father of a family" got infected in Carol's brain. In the 1940s with "the film code" in operation, producers could only portray sex through metaphors, and here it is played in the form of furious drums played by Elisha Cooke. Carol Carol, as a girl of slight virtue, tries to coax the drummer into giving her information about "The Phantom Lady" Alibi. The other main character, Jack Marlow (a colleague of Scott Henderson), is played by Franchot Tone, whose performance I found too theatrical, and wondered why Carol, for example, did not notice him all the time, strangely ely admiring his hands. Here, the script needed to be improved and more suspenseful as these theatrical moves telegraphed the action far too early.
