The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel like they have the ultimate fantasy: Follow in the footsteps of Agent 007. "FRWL" is getting closer to this goal than any other game, because this time you control that real James bond. Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and gave his voice and image to "EON", was not insulting, but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there will never be anyone close to his level of coolness. <br /> <br /> I have to say at this point, like many others who have reviewed this game, that Sean's 70 year old voice does not match his 30 year old image on screen. This takes some getting used to, but definitely worth it. He makes lines like "Bond James Bond" and "Shaken, not stirred" again a big deal. But controlling Sir Sean while taking on the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond said in Octopussy, "just the tip of the tentacle." The fascination of the game begins with the opening gun barrel. It's the original gun barrel from the movies. Then you pick up the first mission and rescue the prime minister's hot blonde daughter from the terrorists in the parliament, and everything from the car to the clothes is completely retro. The world of the game really is the world of the original James Bond, right down to the classic Rock N Roll version of the James Bond theme, which finally plays late in the game during a key moment as Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the action follows the plot of the movie "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to retrieve a lecturer's device from a Russian cipher who claims she has a crush on him. In Turkey, Bond joins fellow Bey, the lovable buddy. Bond has to pick up the device, protect the girl in distress, and bring both back to London safely. Bond scriptwriter Bruce Feirstein worked on the script and did a good job of making the game different from the movie. The characters from the movie are all well-replicated, but some are better than others. The impersonators who express the villains Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are scary. And at the beginning of the game, there's a moment when you interact with a Miss Moneypenny, M, and Q, all of whom look and behave as in the original Sean Connery 007 films. <br /> <br /> What sets this game apart From the other Bond games, apart from Sir Sean's voice and similarity, there are two notable features in the game. One is Bondfocus. While you can simply send villains by simply catching them with one button and killing them with the other, you can zoom closer to a target with one touch of the button and choose between Bond shot at the target, z the belt that is an enemy and shoot down some of his friends or an abseil string that causes a hovering enemy to fall to its death. The other notable feature is the killing of stealth and mêlée. When you're in range, just press a button to slap an enemy with the raw brutality that only James Bond by Sean Connery shows. Sean Connerys Bond relies mainly on his pure wit and talent. So you only have a few devices, but they are good. The Q-Copter is a remote control helicopter that can destroy itself and explore areas Bond can not reach, like the Q-Spider in "EON", only better. The classic laser watch is not only useful to get into sealed rooms, but to send enemies when you have no other weapon available. Sonic cufflinks and a serum cannon are the most fun, but you have to experience them yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can put on Bond in a set of retro costumes found throughout the game, including the movie's gray suit, the standard black tuxedo, a retro camo suit, and the classic white tuxedo, all of them That's what she did when Sir Sean wore her in the cinema. If you drive in the game, drive the Aston Martin DB5 directly out of "Goldfinger". It can not be invisible, but it has a gadget for tires like in the movie. And if you do not fly through the streets of Istanbul with the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air with the "Thunderball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there is the multiplayer. Of course, it has to be compared to the standard of the "GoldenEye" game, and it fails. Also, you can only play Bond villains instead of Bond himself or the other heroes of the game. But the multiplayer is amusing, and a decent bonus, since only the greatness of the single player campaign is worth the game. The basic game has other shortcomings. Some of the movie's most exciting moments, notably the shooting of the gypsy camps, Bond's brawl with Red Grant on the Orient Express, and a confrontation between Bond and Rosa Club's shoe, do not do the game justice justice. And the game is a quick game, even on the most difficult difficulty level. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience.
