I am not a fan of a particular genre. I classify films only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and plot is very weak. Unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the movie are so nimble and iconic, and that's what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is down-to-earth. Since his schooldays, he has grown up with his injuries, which he had collected in his soul against his classmate girlfriends who made fun of him. If you focus enough on this first element while watching the movie, you will see this point of view of humanism: "No one is wholly good or evil, in fact, someone known to be evil can secretly be kindhearted." Just because the plot and the direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the great collaboration of the super-starlets of the late '90s: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the coolest way. An arrow shot out of a bow rubs its belly and stays stuck while playing hide and seek with its blind date and never met. Katherine Heigl is the first star killed in a biology lab while trying to hide among models of human bodies lying on the operating tables. Denise Richards is the third to be killed while she has just found a Valentine's Day present in a whirlpool. Jessica Capshaw is last killed face to face and invisible, then she is ostracized as a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unlucky, fortunate enough to be killed in the most confidential manner we'll never know because the movie ends before she's killed. After all, Benita Ha is the happiest, as she was not a classmate of serial killer David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final iconic element is the soundtrack from the Blind Date Labyrinth scene, the Valentines. Day celebration in Dorothy's house scenes and finally the murder themes. Everyone loved the soundtrack, as far as I know. Hard Rock never fits better in a serial killer mystery movie.
