I will not speculate on what Brando tried. The best way to deal with such curious performances is to point out so many things at once that it does not look like he's doing anything by playing with infallible instinct. It often seems that he directs attention to one preferred aspect of his character over all the others, a concentration that, if followed, is something like a red herring, as it turns out to be more subtle, smarter than at first sight , This is a mastery of artistry, not naturalism, as it might be associated with the method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz so wonderfully recognized, seems to be tailor-made for him, which starts off as odd and strange at the end, because whatever Brando did, he managed to create a favor, maybe too in itself Yet a perfect grace - again odd by an actor with limited musical abilities, who was never before or after connected with the musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely occupied, is not quite as impressive, but certainly something outstanding, really enjoyable in the Havana sequence and still enjoyable. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because the actors are both so focused on what they do, and characters on what they want from each other, it does not seem to give the lovers. "Chemistry" has been trained so hard more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah feed well enough, but I can not see beyond that. In a movie, this is absolutely stunning and entertaining (and almost everything that concerns the craft is simply that - dazzling) - this lack would seem a bit tactful and easy to miss, but that much would depend on true chemistry! An at least partial transformation of the characters by such a chemistry would give the final scene something positive. It certainly makes this movie exciting, but not really moving, except to deny the rightness of the union. Note Sister Sarah marries in her missionary uniform, Sky Masterson, in his nude man-over-city duds and not in a wedding tux. And they have changed back to those from their previous scene! Strangely enough, that is revealing, the most touching and serious scene between Brando and Vivian Blaine Sinatra / Nathan Detroit's doll, Adelaide, is the only scene in which these two are exclusively together, not least because it is between No flirtation even though it takes place in Adelaide's dressing room while Adelaide is changing. You can submit that there's no room for it, but Sky is really the guy to "check" Adelaide under those circumstances. He's even there to tell Adelaide that Nathan will not meet her. Adelaide and Sky are both true in their own way to Nathan, even miserable of him, as a note in their exchange shows. Of course, Adelaide is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is tempered by her deeper sense of Nathan, as Sky admonishes her that she can not love a man and then wishes he is someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls is another twist in the battle of the sexes, all around gambling and redemption. With both the compulsive gambler and the Redeemer courting more or less unconscious desperation, behind Brandos and Simmons can be an intentional secret deliberately not based on chemistry. After all, this lack can be an excess of narcissistic occupation (echo of the Sinatra / Blaine pairing, but with much less self-deception), which could explain Brando and Simmons's strange, rather provocative interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister Sarah. I realize that Simmons are usually cold and skeptical, but Brando does not need to confront them, but he's not hot and eager, and he's more than just keeping his distance - he assimilates them and keeps his balance , His boldness is only to play against her - the trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes - but he's not really trying to win by seducing her, instead of beating her in her own lawn. That may be wise, because jealousy can be the only way to get to the missionary, through. But Sky makes the transition from the mere attempt to win a bet to making Sarah Brown a little less than convincing. Why does he want her? What does it mean to fall in love with Sky? I think the only way to get around this is to actually accept that his humanity has come, and that he does not want to lead to a mere hangover to Sister Sarah, so he has to, as he promised her Sinners deliver your prayer meeting, do well with his "marker," as he puts it, to win them back, when it seems they've already won, just to lose them. But that still means more than anything else. However, it also allows Sarah Brown's self-esteem, as Sky will appease the missionary in her to retrieve the lover. Neither, at least it seems, will change much through their union, except perhaps through the acceptance of others. However, this seems to be anything but a fatally uneasy sentence: the acceptance of is still a long way from achieving happiness in the other, not to mention the transcendence that everyone implies through "chemistry." And behind all this, I suspect that Mankiewicz has full knowledge. <br /> <br /> For all those who say in defense of Guys and Dolls that you can not expect much from musical things I just remind them of Cabaret, The Three Penny Opera, Carousel, A star is born even the sound of the music that I'm not so interested in (and you can extend that list without even looking for the cabaret musicals), all envelop beautiful music and dance around gloomy fears.
