It would be easy to call boys and dolls great. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and contrary to the original wishes of Sinatra, the casting works), it has a really cool feeling of the 50s, even if it is basically shifted from stage to screen with only a small interruption. And most of the songs are often fun and catchy and are played with this wink and nod to the wonderful escapism of the form itself. If it is not quite as great as others, it should not be to blame for filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all songs sound complete, and a bit of dialogue feels like they're being performed on stage as opposed to the movie (it's sometimes hard to say - Brando and Sinatra spread the line so much that you have to look closely to see if you can) to say when to play for the camera or for the "stage", while the actress who plays Adele is better for the stage than the screen. <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners for their period works well, though one wonders if his influence widened to She's All That in 1999. A player (and a 14-year-old fiancé), played by Sinatra, wants to join big game, but he says the heat is on, meaning the cops are on guard, so he only has one choice to host the game, with a thousand-dollar tab. How he can accomplish this is through a big bet with his peer ler Brando, who is aiming for a wildly daunting missionary job. It allows the foreseeable twists in the story, in the sudden turning on of the charms of the character, the peculiarities of the people of the street (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn", played by Jean Simmons falling) for Brando). Their basic concept is about this whole world of boys and dolls, and how to balance one or the other - obviously without getting married or being compromised. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the world even when he is standing still with the camera on the subject and his stars are rolled up neatly. Hell, even Brando works great for a musical as he goes beyond the mere THE Method actor to show off his vocal and big-star qualities. The story and the characters eventually turn into what you hope, and that's fine. All we ask for - and what we get - is entertainment in good jokes, dialogues and a few songs and dances that bring the house to a standstill (my favorite was the number with the cat cats in the club, Luck be a Lady and the two Numbers in Havana (Cuba).
