A group of San Francisco women friends since elementary school are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them bizarre Valentine's Day cards. Who is the murderer and why is the murderer after them? <br /> <br /> My rating often changes with later considerations of a movie - sometimes a bit higher, sometimes a bit lower. However, I can not remember another movie where my rating changed as much as it did for Valentine. The first time I saw it after its theatrical release, I found it pretty awful - I gave it 4 out of 10, which corresponds to an F letter. I saw it a second time yesterday, I can not remember what the hell I did not like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was really in the wrong mood to look at it, or maybe I simply did not understand it. In any case, I loved it this time and gave it a 9 out of 10 points or an "A". <br /> <br /> It might sound ridiculous to say that I do not have a movie like this, but there is something to get you. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for Urban Legend in 1998, uses the stereotypical teen-horror formula that became so popular in the late 1990s, after Scream (1996), that most elements are pushed up one level. Campy almost to absurdity (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). He also gives us a movie with humorous comments on romantic relationships. The humor is unusual in that it has the same exaggerated campy tone as the teenage horror aspects. Most situations in the film and the rogue's modus operandi, whether humorous or not, are related to the Valentine's Day theme. Many viewers probably deduct points for their cliché from the film - but rooted but implausible scenarios and plot developments. In view of this, the film is intentionally clichéd, implausible and ridiculous. It's as if Blanks tries (and is mostly successful) to overcome the typical teen slasher by mocking the fiction of the genre, while at the same time making satirizing Eros. That's the irony of creating a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It's an incongruity woven neatly throughout the film, and is itself the heart of the Slasher genre, making it a premium food for Valentine's extravagant lampooning. Scream had a similar goal with his horror material, but the trick was that the movie was "confident." Valentine's Day is deliberately not self-confident. The viewer has to rely on contextual cues in satire. Some say I read "too much" in the movie. It's worth noting that in interviews Blanks said he "did not just want to make another Slasher movie after Urban Legend," and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do that a bit "grown-up". <br /> <br /> Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day is so different from its alleged source material, Tom Savage's novel of the same name. The characters, the setting and the plot of the novel are very different from the movie. Sellers said, "It was a nice book, but I did not think it was the right story for a movie." Instead, the novel, which sounds much drier and more serious, was used as a launch pad, a motif to create variations on a horror / thriller story on Valentine's Day. Although these facts will not help purists who are familiar with the book like the movie, it helps to understand why the film has its different focus and attitude. It may be better to consider the movie as a separate entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Blanks' direction is visually impeccable. Valentine's Day has a lush look with complex, deep colors, interesting sets and a good staging. Blanks is admirable not to keep his baddies and attacking scenes too dark and to convey the action clearly. He also directs his actors with sovereign, catapulted, often crafty humor. David Boreanaz is involved in many of the funniest moments as Adam Carr. <br /> <br /> Although Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it is a very good horror / thriller movie that is prone to misunderstandings. If you watch as you expect something more intrusive, you may appreciate it much more.
