This is a masterpiece by Frank Loesser with amusing lyrics, competent themes and solid construction by those who adapted Damon Runyon's material to the "book" of the musical. The surprising thing about the film is how seamlessly the musical figures flow from the plot. Abe Burrows has made the book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer, and the outstanding art direction is by Joseph Wright. The plot can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to fund his permanent hovering crap game to amuse Big Julie, a Chicago mob boss. He relies on Marlon Brando's well-priced competitor Sky Masterson that he can not get a Salvation Army girl to go with him to Havana; Masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets the players and the rabble at the Crap game to attend a service, and tells everyone that the lady was insensitive to his charms - a complete lie. Of course he ends up with the lady; and Detroit marries his longtime fiancé Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Pulley as Big Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Salvation Army leader Kathryn Givney, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as a Lax Salvation Army girl, Sarah Brown. Among the famous musicals of this award-winning Broadway smash include "Fugue For Tinhorns," "Guys and Dolls," "Luck Be a Lady," "I'll Know," "A Person Could Develop a Cold," and "The Elder Established Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! "Joseph L. Mankiewicz of" Cleopatra "and" Letter to the Three Wives "led the proceedings; and the flow of work is very interesting and successfully kept moving. He is also adept at making good dialogues and conducting such big numbers as "Luck Be Lady," the varied and challenging brawl section, the "A Woman in Love" section from Havana created for the previous film was playing the title song "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" at the club where Blaine works. The action is very uneven. Simmons seems to be wrong at times, Brando gets along with the vocals and most of the time is instinct, charm and underplaying, even in the comedy. Scenes. Sinatra makes a great effort, but is wrong for a variety of reasons as Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a little too theatrical on selling her numbers, which of course she sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what is asked everywhere. Stylized opening and closing works well; All in all, this film is a triumph for Loesser's loveable and subtle lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as a ringmaster and for the genre of musicals themselves, which is reasonably justified in this case. Wonderful and very different.
