This musical was not quite what I expected. First and foremost, there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Since it was a story by Damon Runyon, I expected irony and surprise, of which there was a really good one - when we found out that Sinatras Bande had used the Salvation Army office for their crap while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. Of course, when it comes at the right time, when Brando brings her back. I really did not expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great, but he was fine. Its large number in the sewers, however, was the only place where Brando's voice was weak. He just did not have the strength that the high point demanded. Overall, I found the scenes between Brando and Simmons full of electricity. Something I did not think would happen when we first saw Simmons, and later, when we introduced Brando to the restaurant, when Sinatra tried to fast a one on him when Brando walked into her office , the story came alive. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, who I've never heard of, but I think he played Broadway, seemed to slow things down. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Her songs also felt the weakest, both in terms of story and character. In addition, all Goldwyn Girls numbers seemed to be shoehorned. For example, when Frank meets Brando at the nightclub, we just switch to the stage routine for the cat number. Then it goes back to the guys who keep going as if there was no dance number at all. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but every time we return to the Sinatra Blaine story, my interest fades. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good ones, especially the first one with Stubby Kaye, the Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). This is a great song that reminds me of the very first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it's called. And the number in the sewer - I could not help but be reminded of "Cool" from West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I really did not like the artistic direction in this movie. The fake Times Square was just so fake that it drew attention. The same applies to the Havana sequence and in particular to the sewer. I know that in 1955 most of the musicals were shot on sets, but things changed - Carousel, for example, used the location photography very well. Even On the Town shot 1949 scenes in Mahattan. When we reached West Side Story in 1961, it was obvious that what was going on in Manhattan actually had to be filmed in Manhattan. By comparison, Guys and Dolls Manhattan felt bound and more than a little too sweet. And transform Lindys into Mindys - did they really have to do that for legal reasons? I always thought Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was much more focused than what counts in his honor. In this respect, it is much better than Les Girls, which in itself was interesting but had a certain superficiality. <br /> <br /> My only big complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic for the original stage show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando has never taken any money for a bet he made Having talked to Sinatra and even said that he lost the bet, she just runs to find him and we cut him off for the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would have enhanced the effect of the story. Seeing Brando come to her when she came to him would have been a great scene. There is one such scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion have this duet while waiting for it to change. She's up in her house, he's down on the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombones. She sings Goodnight My Someone. They suddenly switch and sing the songs of the other - a wonderful way to cross their cross. It's an emotional high moment of the movie. Nevertheless, boys and dolls had a lot to offer.
