I am fascinated by the strong appeal to Sinatra (or sympathy for!) In the other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never forgave anyone for casting * not * as Sky Masterson. OK, so who does not want to be cast as a Sky Masterson? ?? That's a great thing: the charismatic, successful player who makes a grave mistake as he plunges into a bet in which he has to take or lose Sargeant Sarah Brown on a date to Cuba. It is not the money? it's the pride, but he and she make their match. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to juggle Adelaide with his longtime fiancé by trying to find a place for a craps game that will make him rich if he does not make his fiancé forever foreign. The film began as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: This is his unique dialogue that you hear, and these are his great character names, and this is his world of horse racing / nightclubs / late night. Then it became a musical, and you can not help but feel that it has never really left the stage in film form. The camera is unusually static and the settings are remarkable? and not enjoyable? flat and childlike. Luckily the music is so great that I do not care so much about it. <br /> <br /> However, my absolute favorite in this film is the singing and acting of the two non-singers, Brando (as Sky). and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, including professional singers in these roles would have produced better music; What will certainly be forgotten, however, is that two such outstanding actors instead brought something else to the party: What they lacked in singing talent, they more than made up for it, acting skills and pathos, pathos, pathos. You're with Sky as he argues with Sarah against reason, steadfastness, whistling, and security. They enjoy Sarah's relaxation under the influence of Cuban "milk". They feel the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard when the bells ring, and an hour before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it's "chemistry." Professional singer? be it Broadway armadillos or smooth crooners? you can not necessarily rely on that happening. (And certainly not.) I read somewhere that Brando has criticized Sinatra for not putting himself in his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, in turn, was shot by Brando's four-take acting method. As a Brando fan (does that prove?!) I'm certainly on the other side, but I can not imagine that film would have been the most popular classic if Brando and Simmons had not been there today with their wonderful chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a cuban bar. Beautiful. I always want to have a copy of this movie lying around, if I have to feel good again. You'll forgive me if you give some of the Nathan (sleeping) parts a 100% renunciation, right? You will not Oh, be quiet and take more of Mindy's Cheesecake!
