Damon Runyon's World at Times Square in New York before his Disneyfication is the basis for this musical. Joseph L. Mankiewicz, a film-savvy man directed this nostalgic tribute to the "Crossroads of the World," which shows us the underside of New York's past. The music of Frank Loesser sounds great. We're seeing a great cast of characters that were typical of the area. The people on the margins of society tended to move to this area because of the lights, action, and opportunities in this part of the city. This abdomen of the city lived on the street life that was so intense. <br /> <br /> Some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film. We do not know if that makes sense, but for a Hollywood musical it's not uncommon to change what works on stage. This original cast included the wonderful Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kaye, and we are surprised at the decision not to let Robert Alda, Sam Levene and Isabel Bigley repeat their original roles. These were excellent actors who could make an amazing contribution. <br /> <br /> The movie is visually amazing. The look follows the fashion of the time. Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons seem to work in the casting of Marlon Brando, who is otherwise unaware of his singing skills. After all, Sky Masterson is a man who would otherwise look sissy if he had a different "look". Frank Sinatra is as good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons does a nice job as Sarah Brown, showing the Salvation Army woman who suddenly finds fulfillment with the same man she is trying to save. Vivian Blaine is a pleasure. She's always passionate about Miss Adelaide, a woman with a heart of gold who is Nathan Detroit's love interest. Ms. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as a showgirl, smarter than she leaves out. Stubby Kaye does a wonderful job by portraying his Nicely Nicely Johnson. <br /> <br /> The wonderful production is due to the talented Abe Burrows, who made the adjustment to the screen. The costumes by Irene Sharaff set the right tone.
