I remember looking at the Disney version and now, when I see her, I think she somehow lost her magical effect. Many other renditions that Ever After put aside have indeed lost touch over the years. Then, with a flawless performance of Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother, I was overwhelmed by the phantasmagoric essence of this fantasy story, which has mesmerized me since childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl whose father died and was dominated by her evil stepmother and stepdaughters, and longs for a final shot at freedom for the ball. This line of action is taking however, in the classical fairy tale a different twist, implying that Cinderella (who is actually called Zizola and is called by her family only because of her slavery Cinderella) is included in the situation of her father (who is still alive). She slowly loses herself to a dominant woman who manipulates him to play favorites with his wife and stepdaughters against his own and tries to poison him. So Zizola sets out to save her father by preventing her stepmother from finding another devotee by distracting the men who approach her. There, the bored Prince Valiant bores his boring life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (adorned by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me most to this film was the original version of the old fairy tale that nobody can compare to. Like most Cinderella stories, they do not weave a web of lies, they also ignore any reason why Cinderella wanted to visit the ball, and does not show the prince a flat side like the Disney version. Instead, it shows more of Cinderella's selfless heart than any other production and the artwork is simply mind-blowing! The costumes are all beautifully made, especially Zizola's sapphire blue ball gown that matches Marcella Plunkett's fantastic beauty and gentle, spiritual voice. <br /> <br /> I would recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a dreamlike sequence of classic fairy tales with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director did not make a complete collection of other fairy tales with the same element and the fact that the movie is out of print.
