Sometimes it's hard to say why exactly a movie is so effective. From the moment I first came across "The Stone Boy," something told me it would be a great movie. Still, it seemed unlikely that I would ever have the opportunity to see it for myself. One day when I looked through the online catalog of my local library, I saw that they had recently purchased the DVD release of this movie. I am very happy because the cinematography is of amazing depth and quality that an old VHS copy could never replicate. <br /> <br /> When we talk about cinematography, I have to expose it so far and up the most breathtaking aspect of this movie. As a photographer who almost exactly follows the visual style depicted in "The Stone Boy," I am firmly convinced that a great cameraman can carry a movie almost on his own. Here he has much help from an extremely talented cast and a director who understands perfectly what the story needs. But to have Juan Ruiz Anchía behind the camera makes practically every scene something nice. And you can almost never say that. Most movies would never expect that from you. Scene after scene captures some detail, a bit of visual magic that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> Director Christopher Cain has a long and interesting career. As far as I can tell, this film is not very representative of it. But sometimes, to catch a director before the beginning of his career, before all the big budgets and the loss of focus, is a subtle magic to be found. Kain returns in this film, lets things happen with his own life and then on and on. Similar to the early John Sayles films, the characters have room to breathe, time to talk. Secondary stories happen because they do, and that's life. Cain shows a remarkable, rough and even painful understanding of human nature in this film. <br /> <br /> The drama combines much of this story. When people talk, when they exist in this movie, they do it as real people who do not stop them from playing characters. The script by Gina Berriault allows time for talented and respected actors such as Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close and Frederic Forrest to simply exist. Whether the things they have to say are of little importance or importance, everything is related to the weight of pure reality. If you look at the actors involved or the great soundtrack of James Horner, it seems weird that such a movie is almost forgotten. Maybe much of what makes "The Stone Boy" is the time it was made. This image from the 70s depends on this image and reminds me deeply of my own childhood. People talk about the '80s in terms of modern styles and music, but those are not the' 80s I've lived in or remembered. The look of the images, the understated and dark, knowing quality of acting and the overall outcome should be under the skin of any person who grew up in or during this time in North America. I see myself in it. I see how I saw the world. And a movie like "The Stone Boy" sees the world as it really is. <br /> <br /> For more information about this feeling, see: <br /> <br /> The Black Stallion (1979), Never Cry Wolf (1983), Tender Mercies (1983), Testament (1983), Places in the Heart (1984), Matewan (1987), High Tide (1987), Driving Miss Daisy (1989), The Secret Garden (1993) The Secret of Roan Inish (1994), Wendy and Lucy (2008)
