Honestly, I find this movie almost too depressing for my own good. It is very depressing to pretty much the end. In no case can I justify giving judgment to any character who has done things that I did not like (apart from the disgusting character that Fredrick Forrest played). But it's still so frustrating to see how people behave and walls around themselves, if only a word or so could break the ice and promote healing. A terrible tragedy hits a Montana family. They believe that they lost a son, but it turns out they lost 2. The key is that if they only communicate and face their grief together, they will not permanently lose their second son. <br /> But they just can not. Something prevents this family from sharing their worries. Some family members retreat into silence and grudges while others point to guilty parties (and then cheat on their poor pregnant wife by seducing the deceased's pretty girlfriend ... that Andy is actually a snake!) The only member of The Family, The Arnold is not threatened in any way is his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to the boy without judgment or child gloves. He seems to know what the child is thinking about, though Arnold does not say much these days. It really is a blessing for the poor child to have someone to turn to. No one seems to understand the fact that Arnold may be shocked or denied, or that his type of grief is not the same style or pace as they would expect. It's so easy to judge and be angry and to feel that someone is "made of stone" just because they do not grieve the way we think they should. <br /> <br /> The story is very calm and naturalistic. You will not get a spoon filled narrative or Hollywood feel-good resolution. I was very worried about the fact that this child was so guilty that he felt it necessary to hitchhike for several hundred miles to apologize to this woman, Piggy Andys, for something he did not care for should blame. Arnold may have accidentally killed his brother, but no one is responsible for the end of this marriage, which was apparently a lousy anyway, with the exception of the two persons in the marriage. It's just stupid luck that Arnold did not come into the car with a pedophile or a murderer. <br /> <br /> Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustratingly effective because the parents, who somehow can not find it, communicate with their son to find out what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen anywhere else except for a childhood favorite named EXPLORERS and a spooky ghost story titled THE LADY IN WHITE, has done incredible work as Arnold, a great performer of a kid actor aside from THE STONE BOY sometimes being something slow, he is an excellent and very depressing movie.
