The Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama from the 1980s. Considering how many famous or soon famous celebrities are in the film, one wonders how it might be overlooked. This is a slow, moody, but touching account of a tragedy that hits a farm family. The film is more or less an indictment of the stoic values ​​of the Midwest and the suppression of emotions. The movie is not for everyone, but if you appreciate real human drama, it should be OK. In the early moments of the movie, we see two brothers starting in the early morning hours Pick some peas and maybe shoot one or two ducks if they're lucky. As he climbs through a barbed wire fence, the weapon accidentally discharges and the younger boy fatally shoots his older brother. These boys have apparently never completed a hunter safety course. The way for two men to properly walk through such a fence with a gun would look like this: The first man climbs through. The second man then gives him the weapon through the fence. The first man sets down the weapon and helps the other through the fence. At no time should one of the two men have both the weapon and the fence in his hand. Anyway, when his brother is killed, twelve-year-old Arnold regresses into his own world. He does not even run for help after his brother has been shot. He just goes ahead and picks the peas and later tells his family about the accident. Arnold does not appear to show regret or distress at any point during the funeral or the examination. His family seems to be avoiding him. Maybe they are even mad at him for killing his brother. An Uncle Uncle played by Frederick Forrest is outwardly annoyed with Arnold, though the older brother's death allows him to beat the child's girlfriend. Arnold's parents do not seem to understand how to deal with their son. They really do not even try to talk to him. The only person he can communicate with is his grandfather, played by Wilford Brimley in his typical grandfather skill. After a while, Arnold even pulls in the old timer. <br /> <br /> Nothing seems to make Arnold open until he takes a bizarre road trip to Reno Nevada to inexplicably visit his uncle's ex-wife. As soon as he meets her, he begins to extricate himself from his shell, after apologizing to her for having dissolved her marriage by beginning all the unrest of the family with the accident. From here, the film becomes a quick study of reconciliation and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Acting is worrying in most cases. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are the perfect Stoic farm parents. Forrest is good, but perhaps too eager to channel Paul Newman's performance in Hud. The cinematography is also extraordinary. If you like moody pictures of the common people, this may be for you. Some may even be advised to bring along some tissues. 8 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
