Occupying the unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a stroke of genius. She is perfect. Her acting inexperience actually works in her favor. We've never seen her before, so it really feels like her story. It also brings out real hardship. But this works against them because we never doubt them. You never have to win for them, because they never compete against fighters whom we do not believe can beat them. So it fails as boxing film. <br /> <br /> Then this is not really a boxing movie. How do you make a movie about a girl who wants to be a boxer who is not a boxing movie? You do not but Karyn Kusama has it anyway. Like many indie films, "Girlfight" contradicts the classification or the genre and turns out to be a folklore that would be almost impossible in real life. She beats up people she does not like (for example, all the other girls in her school). She does not fit in Her father forces her little brother Tiny to learn boxing so he can defend himself when things get difficult. He gives Tiny money for his boxing sessions and gives Diana nothing, as if she does not need to defend herself and nothing worth living to make out of her life. Tiny wants to go to art school (cliché, Yuck), so he gives his box office to Diana, who actually wants to box. Things get complicated when Diana falls in love with another boxer, Adrian (Santiago Douglas), who wants to become a professional. From there, the story goes on the inevitable ... The two meet in the amateur title fight. It's all just too believable. Children with a hard life growing up in harsh urban areas rely on sports. Many professional boxers have emerged from these circumstances. The mental and physical tenacity that this education requires lends itself to a game like boxing, where anger is your friend. This time it's a girl. Big thing. <br /> <br /> Or there is another position: finally a boxing film about a girl. Women's boxing has been around for a long time. The brutality we normally see in boxing films is replaced here by discussions about their lives and their feelings. The whole fighting game serves as a platform to paint a bigger picture. Respect. Overcome adversity. Self-discovery. <br /> <br /> I recommend "Girlfight" because it has a good mind and is an example of the great work of a first-time director. The dialogue never goes beyond the quality of the soap opera, but history itself has changed my view of some things. Yes, the world now seems a better place. A movie did that. <br /> <br /> Note: B-
