The first step to departing from this road leading to nothing is the recognition that you are ever on this road. then it is a question of assertiveness and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have brought you on this path. This is exactly what a young Latino girl does in "Girlfight" written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school senior from the projects in Brooklyn. After their fourth fight in the halls since the beginning of the semester, they are threatened with expulsion. She influences an "whatever" stance that hides a deep anger that threatens to bring her to places she would rather not go to. She lives with her father Sandro (Paul Calderon), to whom she has a very timid relationship, and her younger brother Tiny (Ray Santiago). With her life on the brink of dissolution, she desperately needs an outlet through which to guide the demons she plagues. And one day she finds it, without looking for it, when she passes by the gym where Tiny trains. Ironically, Tiny does not want anything to do with boxing; He wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son can take care of himself on the streets and pays the ten dollars a week he costs for his lessons. When Diana Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), convinces her to accept her and turns to her father for the money, under the pretext of calling it a weekly allowance (she does not want him to know what she wants the money for) Sandro rejects them and asks them to make their own money. Eventually she finds a way with Tiny's help and the ring soon becomes her second home. It's an environment she likes to adapt to, and it seems her life is about to turn to good soon. And the fact that she has to fight against men in gender-blind competitions, not against women, does not bother her at all. Diana has found her element. <br /> <br /> For the first time, writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a great job of creating a realistic framework for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in the projects and conveying that familiar despair to so many young people who are in dead ends and on the way to nothing. And there is no candy coating on it either; Hector tells Diana when she asks him how he came from, where he is: "I used to be a fighter, I lost." Then the bustling gym looks around: `Like most of these guys, they'll lose too, but it's all they know ... 'And that honesty of attitude and the way the characters are portrayed make this one Film as good as it is, it's a sombre world underlined by the dimly lit, run-down gym - you can smell the sweat of the boxers pretty much - and the sense of despair that hangs over it like a shroud, these people, who grab it and hang it up Michelle Rodriguez, who know the only thing they have, all they know, Michelle Rodriguez, who made her debut on the screen, is perfectly cast as Diana, filling her with a depth and a brooding intensity, she's so pretty in waves that she's so real that you're wondering how much of it Rodriguez really is, where exactly does the actor stop and the character begin? Whatever it is is, it works. It is a powerful, memorable performance of an actor, and we look forward to another company with great anticipation. It undoubtedly makes Diana a positive role model, in which many will hopefully find inspiration and realize that there are alternative ways of life, at least for those who seek them out. <br /> <br /> As positive as this film, however, ends with an ambiguous note; Although Diana is obviously standing with her feet on the floor, there is no indication where she is going. Is this a short-term solution for her or is she destined to become the female counterpart of Hector? Realistic (and given the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that is suitable for women and that does not open the door to women. Consistent with the theme of the film and the filmmaker's approach, confirmation of the results of Diana's assertiveness would have been appropriate. <br /> <br /> The side cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian) and Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it provides a very real picture of life that many can recognize, there are some aspects of girlfight that extend the credibility to some of the events in the ring. Apart from that, it's a positive movie, which for the most part is a satisfying experience. I rate this as 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
