Once Hollywood produced live action, g-rated films without malicious language, immorality and violent violence. These films did not insult your intelligence or manipulate your feelings. The heroes hardly differed from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and bore the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the film industry has written off G-rated adult films. Basically, modern, mature audiences demand large amounts of beautified realism for their cinematic diet, which is heavily associated with vile obscenities, mattress-tapping sex, and hurtful punches. These ingredients make the difference between G-rated movies and movies rated PG or PG-13. Director John Lee Hancock, who miraculously wrote the screenplays for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and 1993's "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), features this G-rated four-bag A baseball epic at home that not only celebrates America's favorite summer sport, but also pays the competition the spirit of the game. In essence, "The Rookie" resembles the 1984 Robert Redford saga "The Natural" about an old-time slugger celebrating a comeback. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" avoids cursing, sex and violence. <br /> <br /> In addition, the robust Dennis Quaid plays a real person. Jim Morris' autobiography, "The Oldest Rookie: Big League Dreams of a Small-Town Man," served as the basis for Mike's "Finding Forrester." Rich's straightforward Norman Rockwell-style script about white, bourgeois aspirations. Morris had his dream when he debuted in 1999 as a relief pitcher on the hill. Although he is not in the same league with the inspiring James Stewart classic "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" is considered such Hollywood movies are rarely produced anymore because the public thinks they are outdated. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism. A wild oil prospector convinced two Catholic nuns in the 1920s to fund a well in West Texas. The sisters are afraid that they would have blown their money on a ill-advised fantasy, covering the dry terrain with rose petals and urge the patron saint of St. Rita for hopeless reasons to intervene. The fountain is bubbling! The city of Big Lake emerges and roughnecks strike at baseballs unless they drill holes in the terrain. The spirit of baseball flows out of the earth like oil. Meanwhile, the US Navy does not keep Jim Morris, senior (Brian Cos of "Manhunter") and his family in one place long before they uproot them. The constant movement calls for Jim Junior. Jim's father shows little sympathy and scolds baseball. Nevertheless, Jim has blood in his blood, so much so that when he takes on the job of chemistry teacher at a high school in his hometown in Texas he organizes a baseball team. Like the evil-hearted "Bad News Bears", "The Rookie" reports on Jim's triumph of making losers winners. Morris promises the team that when they reach the playoffs of the divisions, he will try it for a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris' students uphold their end to the agreement. At the age of 35, Jim stuns the big league scouts as he hurls fastballs at a speed of 98 mph. "The Rookie" will never slip out.
