Imagine the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. Twin moons brighten the blood red sky. The Tardis land and the Doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian frock coat, and Rose, his companion from Earth, steps out of the house. A flicker of recognition crosses his face. It's the planet Saurious-7, where I fought the war-like Kraggartians, they tried to use huge skinkons to take over the planet. " The girl sniffs the air. "Can not we go, Doctor, I do not like the look of this place, I keep thinking that we are being watched." The doctor wags with a disapproving finger. "Do not be stupid, girl, I wonder if the King and the Queen of Cordaraby City will remember me on my last visit, come with me, Rose, come with me!" He walks away, the girl has to fight to keep up. Perched on a hill, eerie red eyes look on them with hatred ... So Rose did not start in 2005, and I thank heaven for that saying. I mocked it wrongly in its time. "Rose," originally aired in the UK, can now safely be considered a milestone, putting "Dr.Who" where it belongs as one of the BBC's flagship programs. The mistakes of the McGann TV movie were well learned. Rather than trying to incorporate the new "who" into the existing chronology, this was a fresh start to the series, starting with the shopkeeper Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), who did her daily routine. One day she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble starts. Mannequins come to life and attack them. Only by the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) is she saved. <br /> <br /> The story, though light in weight, is more than sufficient as a starting point for the series. The Autons are, of course, an old rogue (this was their first appearance since 1971), but there is no indication of their past appearance - another wise move. The finale re-enacted the famous scene in "Spearhead From Space" when mannequins came to life. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors and preferred a modern leather jacket to the doctor's traditional dress. However, this made him accessible to the hoped-for new audience. Billie Piper baffled her critics with a big impression as "Rose." Also good was Noel Clarke as her friend "Mickey". <br /> <br /> Yes, there was an added focus on special effects, but then it had to be - the shaky sets and unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on 21st century television. More important is how good a script is. Ten million people looked at each other to see the new doctor. <br /> <br /> 'Dr.Who' was back - and back with a bang!
