They did it. And, boy, did they do it fantastically or what? The BBC finally brought the doctor back to our screens where he belongs on a Saturday night! And they did it in style! <br /> <br /> EPISODE ONE: "Rose" - One of the strengths of the new series is Russel T Davies as author and executive producer. He is a fan of the show and knows what the other fans want, but he is also a seasoned writer and therefore knows what other people want. Another strength shown perfectly in this first episode is Billie Piper and her character Rose Tyler. Finally, the doctor's companion will get a credible backstory and a strong character. It is also nice to see how the Autons return - a nice nod to the Classic series. EPISODE TWO: "The End of the World" - At the beginning of this double calculation we show the TARDIS 'strengths, ending in a story where special effects are everything! You now have the technology to create real, believable environments and monsters - no rubber suits anymore! Also the clues at the end of this episode concerning the new doctor's past - very interesting to kill all time lords and make him the only one. EPISODE THREE: "The Unquiet Dead" - We 'I had the future, now we have the past. The first episode, which was not written by Davies, is somewhat shallow in some places, but that is made good by Charles Dickens and Simon Simon Charles Charles Simon. <br /> EPISODE FOUR: "Aliens Of London" - The consequences Doctor's actions are extensively explored in this series, not least with the effects of Rose running away with him. We also have our first cliffhanger. not the best of those admittedly. The Slitheen are an interesting villain, although they can look to CGI for their own best. EPISODE FIVE: "World War Three" - The second part of this story about the Slitheen suffers mainly from the same problems from the first one. Even the clips from the next episode, which appear at the end of the current episode, are annoying and spoil it for the people. EPISODE SIX: "Dalek" - Yes! We had the future, the past and the present (ish), but now we come to the good things - the return of the archenemy of the doctor. I think we can complement Christopher Ecclestone - he was brilliant as a doctor and not so much in this episode where we see the pain in his face when he remembers the Time War war and the alien nature into which he almost transforms himself a Dalek himself. <br /> <br /> EPISODE SEVEN: "The Long Game" - actually only a story that serves as a prologue for the finale of the series. Saved by Simon Pegg as smarmy editor and Tamsin Grieg in an amusing cameo. The media control us - it's never been done, has it ... EPISODE EIGHT: "Father's Day" - this is a great episode. Full of human emotions and heartbreak for Rose and the true consequences of what happens when you really write history. Billie Piper gets full marks here. <br /> <br /> EPISODE NINE: "The Empty Child" - I do not find this kid very scary. Sorry, but I do not do it. It may be a good episode, but the Cliffhanger could have been even better - it's these "Next Time" bits that ruin them. John Barrowman is introduced here as Captain Jack, the brisk Conman - he's a good actor who's been around for a while, but only seemed to be noticed. EPISODE TEN: "The Doctor Dances" - part two of which is World War II history - very well done in historical context. A nice happy ending, if a little confusing for the younger audience, when the "Mummy" is revealed? <br /> <br /> EPISODE ELVES: "Boom Town" - probably the weakest in the series, but that does not mean it's bad. A nice return for the Slitheen and also an interesting character study by Doctor and Rose. EPISODE TWELVE: "Bad Wolf" - this starts out pretty stupid, with some kind-hearted humor and cheeky fun on popular television shows about her in Blighty. However, things are getting deadly serious and the revelation in the end is the best cliffhanger in the series! <br /> <br /> EPISODE THRITEEN: "Farewell to the Paths" - Goodbye Christopher Ecclestone. David Tennant is a fantastic doctor in many ways and really needs to work his socks off to be as good as he is. The regeneration scene at the end is beautifully played. Oh, and the Daleks are back - in the extreme! God bless CGI, because they would not normally do that! <br /> <br /> Overall - awesome! 9.10
