As a staple of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who was a big hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the world's longest-running TV series (most series are happy) ten seasons). Plans to restart the series have always been on the BBC's agenda, and after a miscalculated (not to mention Americanized) TV movie produced by Fox, it was not possible to capture the magic of the original version. Even so, the comic relief parody and the animated miniseries were still a complete success) before the Ultimate Time Lord returned duly, courtesy of renowned writer Russell T. Davies. Davies' luster in reintroducing the character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of an outsider: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London girl who lives a normal life until one night when she is surrounded by living plastic creatures is attacked. She is rescued by an elusive stranger who simply introduces herself as a doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after saying, "Nice to meet you, Rose. Run for your life!". As she becomes more and more curious about this "man," she soon finds herself in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, travel through time and space, and of course the ubiquitous TARDIS in the form of a police box. <br /> <The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who are near perfect (the special effects might have been a bit more polished) because Davies identifies two things: the unique humor of the show and the two protagonists. The most intriguing feature of the original series was the mix of spectacular science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult or impossible to export. Here, the laughs are all linked to the conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who, after just one episode, look like fully rounded characters. Okay, technically, Eccleston's Doctor is the ninth to use that name, but he distances himself from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with a Nordic accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with a grandiose line: "Many Planets have a north! "<br /> <br /> The real triumph of this episode, however, is Piper's performance: in theory, Rose is in her late teens, almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who have never heard of the doctor. Her portrayal of an ordinary girl lost in a new, exciting universe represents the new generation's response to the return of a TV icon, and the chemistry that immediately forms between her and Eccleston is a sign that The new Doctor Who is just as good as the old one. <br /> <br /> First, fifth, ninth, it makes no difference: Before Eccleston (and Piper in this case) there might have been others, but together he was, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the bunch a single character, one who is so cool he does not need a name: he is THE Doctor.
