The sun shines on a quiet Sunday that has just woken up. Love is felt in the gentle breeze that passes by my feet, and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk alongside. It is the perfect day to visit croissants and a café-o-lait before traveling to the city of lights and love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this modest film critic, so I had to opt for the next best, for Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by various international directors. Each piece is named after another Parisian neighborhood and reflects love. In order not to glorify the most powerful and convincing human emotions, JE T'AIME in Paris explores love in the many phases of his own play. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And how can one better express the fleeting nature of love and how can a moment change your life than with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The above poetic quote comes from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. Beautifully, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-lapse photography and repetition to demonstrate the entire cycle of love from creation to dissolution. Originally filmed in 2004 and compiled for this anthology, Faubourg plays Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for part of the film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man she falls in love with. Here, the blind man leads the blind through the most unstable terrain where two people consume so much that their lives almost lose their own existence. While love seems to go from dazzling to dizzying, Tykwer remembers the tricks she can play in our heads and the illusions she can create when we head towards doubt Sylvain Chomet's Tour Eiffel. Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) chose the city's most famous attraction for its title and gives us a little boy who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a pantomime (Paul Putner), gets into a surreal scenario after another and ends up in jail. Here he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become a dying art, if it is not already dead. However, it is naturally dreamy and carefree. Miming silently points out the ridiculousness of human behavior, and what can love do to make people more absurd? Maybe we find someone who is most unlikely under the most unlikely circumstances if we could just take something less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the river alive by not always focusing on the love between lovers. Three memorable short films focus on the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) lovingly sung Catalina Sandino Moreno to her child before leaving to sing the same song and wander the child watching over her life with a wanderlust. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) makes Juliette Binoche desperately trying to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche says very little, not surprising given her immense talent. Her struggle is evident in her face as she learns that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN OF MEN) weighs in with an uninterrupted attitude from a father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sara Martins), who are running together for the first time in a long time. We only see them from across the street and only come close to them as the distance between the two characters diminishes to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short film in front of the screen is Alexander Payne's 14th arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is alone and for less time than she would have wished, as she is waiting for dogs at home. She is a simple person with an uneventful life in a city rich and lush. In beautifully delivered French American, she reflects on the sights and how she feels there. This woman spends so much time being happy despite the numerous disappointments of life, and when she sits in a city made for love, she realizes that she is indeed happy and loves herself more than she knew. She falls in love, even if only for a moment, with life and love herself. <br /> <br /> The characters who appear only briefly in Paris are in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, be it helping someone after a hard fall or reaching out to someone else without touching or knowing, are the moments that give love its shine and shine. Outside the city of lovers, it may be easy to overlook moments like these, but we need to remember their meaning. It only takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so rich in love, you have to believe that someday it will find its way to your door.
