Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematic homage to the City of Light and the City of Love, a film so complex that it almost defies summary and review. Ask a large group of people about their impressions of life in Paris, and the result would be similar to this film. Tied in every sector or arrondissement of the city, the film examines love in all its forms, the indigenous people in their Parisian customs and tourists who interact with the grand city. About twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of film time, include Olivier Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant less known among others. The stories vary from witty, humorous, touching, tragic, banal to tender. In one story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) attracts a young lithographer (Elias McConnell). His heart pours out in French to a boy who speaks only English. In another, a separated husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to complete the divorce proceedings, while another couple in Pere-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) meet without marriage until the marriage Spirit of the late Oscar Wilde intervenes. Tuileries' Steve Buscemi confronts the superstition in a subway with his bag of tourist collections. In Bastille, Sergio Castellitto (in love with his lover Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she admits she has ominous leukemia. The fantasies and loss of the son at Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical Cowboys, Willem Defoe, Sara Martins, Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a sharp history of false ideas in Parc Monceau, where Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins live out a strange relationship Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind man for actress Natalie Portman when she begins to see in Faubourg Saint-Denis, the love of vampires between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier de la Madeleine. Maggie Gyllenhaal is an ex-patriot actress in Enfants Rouge's quarters, and Margo Martindale is a tourist postman who desperately tries to speak the French she has learned for her life journey into a tenderly pleasurable 14th arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the movie try to bring together as many of the stories as possible, but this only works on a superficial level. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can tire the audience because they do not have enough time to record all the action. But in the end it is a highly detailed homage to a great city, and it provides the viewer with many vignettes that he can revisit like a scrapbook of a Parisian era. It's a movie you should see several times! Grady harp
