I took my 19-year-old daughter to see this interesting exercise in filmmaking. I always find it fascinating to see the views and opinions of another generation in movies, especially as I am such a cynic myself. It is good to get an unbroken opinion from someone who has not yet gotten the point that you saw him. I am pleased to say that we both enjoyed it very much and it was considered a successful mother / daughter evening. Far, much better than seeing a brain-dead "chick strip" that I experience is what we should enjoy according to the demographics. <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to produce a short article about each of the arrondissements of Paris, a city that I have not visited for 20 years. But I wish I had. They are loosely connected and represent different approaches to urban love, which in popular culture is considered the quintessential romantic capital of the world. Some of the films work better than others, but as other critics have said, they never go too far in kitsch. Some are fun, some are sad, some are intriguing and some are just puzzling (I still try to find a deep inner truth about the hairdressing salon "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon"). Some are just fun and maybe should not be too much Meaning assigned (the vampire and the tourist for example) Perhaps my only criticism of the entire film is that he makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, foggy, indifferent and unhappy, or hot baking in the summer with so many tourists that you feel like a sardine in a can, standing in line for hours to see all the attractions. But I'm not a pimple. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite was by far the Coen Brothers' movie, filmed at Tuileries tube station, featuring a perfectly occupied Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist unintentionally in love with a couple , Absolutely perfect and very, very funny, without Buscemi having to say a word. I also perverted the play about the two pantomimes that probably came closest to the movie because it swayed on the verge of kitsch, but swayed safely on the edge of kitsch, but it just stayed on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer, who gain insight through an encounter with Oscar Wilde's grave, make me pretty indifferent, and Juliette Binoche, trying to cope with her little son's death, made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought both the piece by Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell a bit flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did she conquer the market for junkies? I saw sherry baby last week.) <Br / > <br /> But I felt that the two "social justice" pieces (for lack of better words) worked very well. By that I mean above all the film about the young mother who has left her own child in a day care to look after the baby of another in the city. And then there is the film about the African migrant who is fighting for the edge of an indifferent society stabbed to death on the street in front of a young, new paramedic and dies. Another murder story in a world where thousands of migrants are dying to achieve a better life every year. I found both pieces very well watched. <br /> <br /> The final film, the 14th arrondissement, in which Margo Martindale plays a post office worker from Colorado who tells the story of her first trip to Paris? in very badly accented French? French lessons to their night school, changed me. A perfect ending to a good, fascinating, if not quite great movie. <br /> <br /> Paris was an ambitious idea, but it works quite well.
