Often films of this kind appear as a mixture of great work and a slight barrage to fill the runtime. Whether it's supporting big names or the project itself, Paris Paris never falls into this realm. I think I can really say that the movie as a whole is better than its parts. I believe that between the wonderful transitions and the fantastic ending sequence in which characters are fused together in a final look at love in Paris, the film would have suffered if a tooth were removed. While there are definitely some standouts overshadowing the rest, in the end I have a lasting image, even if it's just a fraction of a second from every short vignette. Love has many forms, and the talent goes up to surprise and move the audience through the shear poetry and elegance of the many facets of emotion. Neighborhood of Enfants Rouges: Maggie Gyllenhaal surprised as a drug actress at the shoot in Paris and meeting with her dealer. The revelation at the end leaves you slightly off balance as the bafflement between the two hands changes. Quatier Latin: Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands (a relationship from an old Cassavettes movie?) Bring some great sharp wit and sarcasm as they meet to discuss their upcoming divorce. What is true of her conversation and what annoys the other is all pleasing and leaves a smile on her face. <br /> <br /> Quais de Seine: Director Gurinder Chadha gives us a touching portrait of love beyond religious and racial differences. It's a sweet little story of shy love between two people who are obviously connected, but unable to express it properly. Tour Eiffel: I have to admit that I'm disappointed that Sylvain Chomet did not get an animated sequence Together, this live-action story of mimes falling in love with a Parisian prison has the same quirky nature as his movie Les Triplettes de Belleville. <br /> <br /> Tuileries: The Coen brothers stick to their weird sense of humor and make some nice laughs. Steve Buscemi shines and sells the performance without saying a word. His facial reactions to the verbal abuse of an angry Frenchman are invaluable. Bastille: Here's a heartbreaking portrait of a couple about love just to make it come back in the face of the tragedy. Sergio Castellitto and Miranda Richardson are a moving couple that deals with difficulties and finds out how strong the connection of true love is. Pére-Lachaise: A surprisingly funny little story by horror master Wes Craven. A little Oscar Wilde humor can add lightness to any relationship. <br /> <br /> Parc Monceau: Alfonso Cuarón seems to be practicing the amazing long distances he perfects down the road in Children of Men with this story of two amorous people. When Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier finally get close, we also find the true context of their conversation about "forbidden love". Porte de Choisy: A very surreal look at Parisian glamor. This is probably the strangest entry, but so intriguing that you can not see the craziness that comes with it. Do not frighten your Asian beautician, whatever you do. Pigalle: An interesting look at a relationship that is undergoing a role play that has been stagnating for years. A little change from Bob Hoskins is necessary to light the fire. <br /> <br /> Quartier de la Madeleine: Even vampires in Paris can find love during the feeding sessions. I do not know if I should be happy for Elijah Wood or not. Beautiful and subdued to allow the vibrancy of the blood red, this short film is strange, but so is the love. 14th Arrondissement: 14th Arrondissement: Leave it to Alexander Payne's comical humor to really add depth to the story This voice-over story told of an American in Paris to find out what love is. Their hard, uneducated French stands in stark contrast to the authentic accents we've heard up to this point - a little off the mark to be funny and absolutely faithful to the story. Montmartre. <br /> <br />: An interesting introduction to the procedure. Paris may be a city that is vilified for everyday activities like finding a parking space, but if love is discovered, it will take her prisoner everywhere to continue the journey. Loin du 16éme: Catalina Sandino Moreno shows brilliantly what the love of a child is due to her subtle performance, as the story is spelled out by singing for a small child, but each time completely different. <br /> <br /> Place des Fetes: My favorite story of the bunch. Seydou Boro and Aïssa Maïga are just fantastic. The cyclical nature of the story and how fate brings the two characters together twice so that Boro can finally ask them for coffee is hard to see. Sometimes love is enough in your last moment to accept leaving the earth. Place des Victoires: One of the best stories about a mother trying to cope with her little son's death. Juliette Binoche is devastating as a mother, desperate for a last look at her son, and Willem Dafoe is wonderfully perfect as a cowboy giving her the chance. <br /> <br /> Faubourg Saint-Denis: Sometimes you have to think he has lost the love of accepting that he was not fully invested in the relationship. Melchior Beslon recalls, trying to figure out where he went through a series of sharp, quick cuts by Natalie Portman, to finally "see" how much he needs her. Le Marais: Leave it to Gus Van Sant shows us a story about the gap in communication and understanding as his films almost always deal with a form of alienation. His Elephant photographer is an American who works in Paris and is the catalyst for Gaspard Ulliel's artistic journeys of love and soulmate. Sometimes you do not need to know what's being said to understand what's going on in the breaks.
