... for Paris is a moving party. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It's impossible to count how many great talents immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but memorable quotes." Famous film director Max Ophüls said of Paris, <br /> <br /> "It offered the glittering wet boulevards under the streetlamps, breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in the glass, coffee and lukewarm brioche, gigolos and prostitutes night. Everyone in the world has two countries: his own and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", subtitled" Petite romances ", is a collection of short films, often sketches of 18 talented directors from all over the world in which we meet with one of the City of Light 20 arrondissements and with the Parisians of all ages, genders, colors and backgrounds, all of them get to know love in its many variations and stadiums: in some of the "petite romances" we witness the unexpected encounters of strangers that lead to immediate interest, closeness, and perhaps relationships: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller in the street of Montmartre the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural romance under the direction of Gurinder Chadha At the Quais de Seine, I would include the humorous short film by Gus Van Sant in this category "Le Marais" a J unge po His heart has been the permission to call to another boy, who has stood the sudden unexpected closeness - without suspecting that the object of his interest does not understand French. Some vignettes are poignant and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (Amazing Oscar debut for Maria full of grace) is a working-class mother working as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for the day care she takes Your baby falls every morning before she goes to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro play two young people whose love could have happened. There have been promises that have been broken because of hatred and intolerance that are everywhere, and the city of love and light is no exception. Another one that really touched me was "Bastille", written by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto falls in love with his wife Richardson, but when he's ready to go with the beautiful lover, the devastating news comes from his wife's doctor ... <br /> <br /> I can continue thinking about all the 18 little gems. I really like some of them. The others felt weak and might soon be forgotten, but overall I am very happy that I bought the DVD and I know that I will always return to my favorite movies. It is the "Place des Fêtes", which I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise", directed by Wes Craven, in which the spirit of one of the funniest and smartest men of all time, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways") is involved. Who would save a restless relationship. Payne also ran "14th Arrondissement," in which a lonely post-worker from Denver, CO, explores the city on his own and gives the voice in French with the strong accent. Payne's contribution is one of the most moving and together with funny "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts American tourists sit on the benches (Margo in the park and Steve in Paris Metro after visiting Louvers) and observe the life around them with the different results. While Margo may say, "My feeling is sad and easy, my grief is bright ..." Steve will find that even the most comprehensive and useful guide can not help tourists doing the wrong things in a foreign land.
