I just saw this evening at a seminar on digital projection (shot at 35mm, and first completely scanned in 6k scanned movie, 4k mastered and projected with a 2k projector in the ETC / USC theater in Hwd). 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu and several good French / international directors) each received 5 minutes to write a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... weird ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... so good ... and she actually wrote the piece she was in, Msr Depardieu, and many good international actors: the stories vary from romance to quirky comedy to Alex Payne's touching study of a woman who discovers herself at Van Sant and one of the things that happens somewhere. .. maybe nothing is going on putting French in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a little English being spoken, although this probably leads to art houses (a la Diva) .Also, only a part that is considered "experimental" but colorful and funny, the rest simple studies of sometimes complex relationships, all easy to follow (unless the "experimental" appeals to your desire for a form lifelike story. Some have brought me some emotions ... I admit, I am affected by love In the cinema .. If it is something other than sentimentality. I've even laughed at a mime piece like no one else I've ever seen (thanks for that!). The movie reached its peak. Somewhere in the middle, slightly more than halfway, then the last two sequences were resumed. Some nice shots of Paris at night, lush romantic style of music that is usually used with good effect, not only because of the "emotions" in the sound, generally good cinematography, though some shots seemed a blur if it was not intended would be (main character in scene / scene). The tempo of each film was good and the overall structure, though a bit long (two out of 20 films were omitted but all included on the DVD), seemed to vary between film shades to get a good balance. I'm not sure when it comes out, but a good study on how to do a 5-minute movie ... and sometimes, what does not work (if it means too much time for a short film.) Should be in the area one when they were released, but they did not know when.
