Although Cameron Grant was clearly hired to replace Andrew Blake at Ultimate Pictures when he founded his own company (Studio A), he beat the "master" right outside the gate when it came to building hot sex scenes. So while all the window displays that Blake had made (starlets in fetish lingerie and sunglasses, fancy and make-up as if they were going down the catwalk) had been so present, Grant made his own turn of carnal content. He raised the heat to a level that had eluded Big A since his first time. and IMHO best? Movie NIGHT TRIPS. Came's first effort, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, was still hampered by overly slavish adherence to Blake aesthetics (with an overabundance of girls on girls' trousers), but his subsequent DINNER PARTY already shows him to be his most important form Classified masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The title phrases the premise as a group of friends and acquaintances gathering together to share sexy stories with an extended orgy at the end. The delicious July Ashton and Tammy Parks smear food in their kitchen sequence that will surprise each other's flawless body, inspiring those who associate flavors with those of the flesh. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") was rarely more than a reliable second stringer, adding spice to some of Ona Zee bargain cellar levels, but looks absolutely stunning in a romantic four-poster starring Fabio-Lookalike Vince Voyeur. The beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, who were under a waterfall with Marc Davis (for the record, the latter two were an object at the time), complete the Eye Candy section of the film. <br /> <br /> Cook time for lass! Early Jenna Jameson (then "Daisy") warns of her big size when she drains Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" later relegated to the gay side of the industry) of all vital juices, but with the help of brunette diva for one In effective contrast, the stylish industrial setting of the scene provides an atmospheric backdrop to the full sex that takes place. The incredibly hunky construction worker Gerry Pike tries to cool off on a hot summer's day by being knocked down. A prospect that leads to the fact that the actual businesswoman Asia Carrera (in her time extremely painful) is passed over. Best of Show must be the imaginative sequence that has the awkward Norma Jeane and the pretty Sean Michaels teasing each other's pants? for starters! ?? While he was separated by a glass partition until the predictable tangy conclusion. <br /> <br /> With sex that turns out to be either artistic or hot, and mostly both, Grant has put together a real smörgåsbord of meaty goods to continue the film's gastronomic analogy, which implies the title. Although couples are the primary target audiences, a change between cheeky 'n' nice should rightly include the 'something for all' recipe that many adult traits aspire to. The director acts as his DoP and has an eye for detail, such as Asia Carrera's white shoes, which are splashed with mud, and enrich his view. This characterizes him as a great filmmaker, not just a usable movie, as was the case with Nick Steele, who took his place on Ultimate. effectively make it a substitute? ?? when he packed up for greener pastures.
