I found myself at the age of six and seven years, while I saw this one here. Altman's contact with Zooms was there and I expected these devices to comment on the characters and situations. Unfortunately, as far as I could see, they were sometimes unfounded, sometimes witty, often infertile, because they had not pointed out an ironic or other connection. In particular, two zoom outs from the gilded dome in the savannah are just baffled. However, to be fair, a few zooms on Branagh compounded his character's growing confusion, such as that of Pudgy McCabe or Philip Marlow. On the whole, the zooms were quite inconsistent and sometimes even banal. Other almanesque devices, such as B. several glass panes between camera and subject, were able to make the Sollipsismus or the narcissism of the characters or opaque knowledge. Car windshields, house windows, and other screens were used effectively and fairly consistently, as I felt when I went back to THE PLAYER and even THE LONG GOODBYE. A few catchy jumps, especially for a TV commercial, reminded me of such use in SHORT CUTS and sardonic action. But the mismatch between Altman's very personal style and the sheer weight of The Grisham genre impulse did not excite me. The director's masterpieces of the 1970s reworked and deconstructed various classical genres, including the crime detective film, which in some ways resembled it. This time, the director seemed to have too few arrows in his analytical quiver to neglect the soft abdomen of this animal genre. Was he perhaps mutilated by producers of mammonists? Or am I missing something because of my poor knowledge of the genre he occupies here? Still, the casting was superb all around: Tom Berenger (because of his fearsome savagery), Branagh for his (deflated) hubris, Robert Downey Jr.'s pheromonal haze, Robert Duvall's garbage method, and Davidtz's lurking Femme fatality were almost perfect choices. And apart from a few gulps from Georgia in Chicago from the (brunette?) Daryl Hannah, the accents were convincingly southern. Tension and mood were captivating, even if the story was not quite riveted onlookers. The capriciousness of a hurricane on the coast was exquisite and carefully crafted - I felt as if I yelled at the usher to turn on the swamp cooler. <br /> <br />
