Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I enjoyed the movies that are usually despised: "Quintet", if only because I saw a tall and beautiful Brigitte Fossey who was memorable as a little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH" because Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson were all in the same cast; "Popeye", for this glorious and surreal world, Olive Oyl by Shelley Duvall and the wonderful places Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs" for his proposal of an "anti-youth strip"; "Beyond Therapy," despite all the madness and presence of Genèvieve Page, who, despite all her efforts to look Parisian chic, is considered a travesti ... I even enjoyed his one-act TV movies like "The Dumb Waiter" " and "The Laundromat." Unless much is needed in his films, you have wonderful performances by Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger, or Jane Curtin.I see and enjoy the different approach and description of the many different cultures of the United States it's a pity that his genius is seldom appreciated and he will always forget when it's time to award American prizes and awards.He's not a typical mainstream supplier of fantasies, he's more of an outsider, so it's not surprising that I've found so many bad comments here on "The Gingerbread Man," his hitherto mainstream efforts, and to my knowledge, I did not know that there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin who does not like Altman at all. In this case, you may not like "The Gingerbread Man," but for me, the reason is more to do with Grisham than with the writer. Some of Altman's trademarks are: improvised dialogues, great performances, a fun law firm with a typical irreverent receptionist and secretary. While some people find it boring, I found the first act intriguing, thanks to the great cinematography of Changwei Gu, the man who shot Red Sorghum, Ju Dou, and Farewell My Concubine. He has a way to show us the same things that we see in other American films, but under a different light. Due to his "foreign view" almost everything appears new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get older. You can get in trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and prettier than Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what fascinated me about someone younger than me! Then you have Robert Duvall's repugnant, menacing and mysterious character, while the Geraldo assault threatens Savannah. The second act gets a bit wrong and even funny because Altman may have directed it with a grin. I remember that in some cases I laughed aloud with his ironic remarks. I think he used a bit of Brecht, distanced us and prepared for the third act, which is just Hollywood pastiche. Altman does it with expertise. Fortunately, as a smart man and intelligent director, he did not fall into the traps of today's action movies. He told a story of lust, greed and death. I was not disappointed with the movie a bit. If I give nine instead of ten, it's Grisham's. The American reader has made him a bestselling author. Why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, the languor, the flatness and the stupidity of all. But he does it with so much vigor and humor that I can not contradict the negative comments. For me these people saw another movie ... and vice versa.
