Robert Altman was not supposed to do a film like this, but the fact that he did - and that it turns out to be a pretty good and tight-knit thriller in this pocketbook tradition of Grisham thrillers - shows a versatility that's commendable. At Gingerbread Man, he actually has to work with something he is not always very successful at, or at least not on, the first thing on his checklist as a director: plot. There is one of those big, juicy, almost cauldrons, where a grim lawyer catches up with a desperate lowly woman and then, in a most amazing way, invades a nefarious figure with whom the woman is related, Yada Yada. And it's surprising that Altman really wants to see one of these "I've seen this coming from there". endings or just a semi-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But it's a surprise that pays off because Altman is strangely able to catch some of that very subtle behavior, or rather inadvertently elicit it from a very well-casted Georgian ensemble Town. The film drips with the atmosphere (if not absolute craftsmanship of superlatives, sometimes it's good for Altman and sometimes just decent), since Savannah may be hit by a big hurricane and the swamp and swamps and rain can make things wet and humid and keep it moist. The atmosphere is really strong, but also the performances of (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the "woman" with whom lawyer Branaugh caught up, and Robert Downey Jr. (when is he * not * good?) As Private detective in Branaugh's employees. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who makes such an indelible impression in just five minutes of screen time that he suspends the bad mood of the picture? <br /> <br /> As I said, part of the conspiracy is a bit weak or just some kind of standard (lawyer is divorced, bitter custodians, innocent and stupid kids), but at the same time I think Altman has seen it something intriguing in the material, something darker than some of the other Grisham works that somehow stand out. If it is not quite masterful, it still works to its limited conditions as what will happen - the next mystery - Southern noir.
