Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar that was so bad that he thought he would not win by directing special effects (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind," "Raiders of the Lost Ark," and "ET: The Extra-Terrestrial." That's why he decided to be very serious with "The Color Purple," an epoch movie without special effects.The first serious drama by Spielberg is a remarkable film Spielberg still did not respect him. " The Color Purple "received eleven Oscar nominations, including" Best Picture, "but Spielberg was wrongly cursed when he was not nominated for Best Director." It got worse on Oscar night when this film did not win a single Oscar, which was completely ruled out, that was not true. "The Color Purple" should have won a few Oscars, including one for Whoopi Goldberg's spectacular film debut as Celie, a woman under the hands of one Abusive Husband suffers (awfully placed by Danny Glover), then he gets s Thanks to the special friend throughout the movie more Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and does a great job as Sofia, one of Celie's friends. Since I came from Chicago, I already knew Winfrey from her talk show (which was not nationwide at the time of this movie's release). Like Goldberg, what a movie debut! Margaret Avery is great as Shug Avery, another friend who happens to be the lover of Celie's bad husband. All three actresses received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg as Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery as Best Supporting Actress). "The Color Purple" is a movie that takes place in the south in the first half of the 20th century and is so strong that I ended up crying. It also made me laugh sometimes. Why Academy voters were so hard not to make Spielberg the best director is a mystery that still puzzles me. But Spielberg would later win two Oscars for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan," making him one of the best movie directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The work he did of special effect blockbusters like "E.T." to a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
