With Joel Schumacher you have one of the most contradictory filmmakers of all time. However, this is well known; I think his main problem is the set of genres he covers without developing a specific style that calls him author. Hitchcock liked his suspense and his horror / thriller. Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese likes his crime-driven mafia stories, and Spielberg likes his big, inexpensive adventure films that combine just enough adult violence and fun for the kids. Other, more obscure examples are Kubrick and Welles, who have written too much about them. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the guy who shoots a flawed movie that's about a great idea, or a really enjoyable movie that turns out to be a seemingly boring premise. Falling Down had a great idea behind it, but I found it flawed and anticlimactic with too many scenes that seemingly hung on comedy. Batman is a superhero. Superhero films have been a great success lately. How he managed to make not one, but two frightening superhero films is a mystery to me. Then comes 8MM; A film with a basic requirement, which is executed impressively in front of Tigerland. This is Schumacher's best movie from what I've seen so far. Most of the time you do not laugh with the war genre. I can remember the stupidity of the D-Day landings during Saving Private Ryan. Back then, when I saw the movie for the first time, I did not know much about the World War II bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows were high, my mouth slightly open, with a faint "I can not believe it smiles" on my face. It was needless to say that because of this movie I wanted to learn a bit more about what this event and the war was all about. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war by Bozz (Farrell), a tough and selfish soldier training for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But clever here is that there is no claw warfare scenes of struggle and death and destruction; just a man and his struggle with the system for most of the time. The things he says and the boldness with which he deals with his situation are reminiscent of a schoolchild completing a series of teachers at a very rigorous boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket, in the sense that this is a training routine for the Vietnam War, but I think that ego and superegos play more of a role here. The superegos, who are the sergeants of the drills, compete against Bozz, whose ego is extremely tall. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle creeping into Bozz: the ID. Compared to all the other soldiers who all have a big ego, Bozz is the only one brave enough to show it to the sergeants, suggesting that he allows what he should not do to float to the surface and express themselves: "They are all dead in this situation!" barks a sergeant. "Any questions?" "Yes, when I'm dead, how can I ask a question?" answers Bozz, whose punishments such as push-ups and dirt-eating seem to lose him in the truest sense of identity; That is, he enjoys the punishments. <br /> <br /> Also in terms of the Supereos, Bozz once tried to command a group of soldiers in field training. This is something the existing captain of the group can not do, suggesting that he lacks both the superego and job confidence required to tell Bozz that he is in charge. What follows is a recent conversation between Bozz and an existing sergeant who gives him his Christian name. This is where the character of Private Wilson (Whigham) comes in: his uncontrollable anger and anger on Bozz explode at a certain time, culminating in the film's only real-life scenes, a shoot-out shooting exercise. Wilson can not control his impulses and aversions against Bozz and does not act. <br /> <br /> What I also liked about Tigerland is that he was so bravely shot. Although there is a lack of innovation, Tigerland seems to be using lower quality footage or fewer cameras to give it its pithy look. Make no mistake that this could be a pretty looking movie with lots of color and appeal. However, we get a documentary approach in the final piece that makes everything look as if it were shot with a typical television camera for the TV; The emphasis on the handheld is also obvious, but Schumacher is smart: he never lets the film become too much of a fictitious entrepreneur, while suggesting that the film's budget could be half what he was. It's worth saying here that Spielberg said he wanted Saving Private Ryan to look like real roll material or something in that direction, as if it had been taken from the war scenes. <br /> <br /> Tigerland is very fun and entertaining is still a great study on what makes people tick; not necessarily at war, but in the nearest possible replacement. His study of a man and how much he hates the system, which he can not even take seriously, is just as intriguing as the dedication of each soldier. There are several memorable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not unfortunate ending that opens your mind and makes you think about what the military really is.
