Will and Ted's Bodacious Journey is an existential journey through the themes of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's search for fame and his fears that the body will be overcome by a soulless machine. It is the most intelligent work of fiction since Paradise Lost and refers to many great works of art of the past - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time the guys are a famous rock band that has been traveling through time to collect icons of the past - Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's Wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they had learned from each of these people, abducted a few princesses, and finally learned to play their guitars and write hit songs. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are defeated for eternity. We are moving into the distant future where a wicked dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie who helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the power to send two cyborgs back in time. The cyborgs are made of living tissue over a metal exoskeleton and are covered with a mimetic polylacte, so they can survive the turmoil of time travel, and they can mimic anything they feel through physical contact. It is their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take their lives by making terrible music that no one would like. In this way they will change the world forever. The music of Gryll and Jed will never leave a world of war, famine and hate and annoying, bland boy / girl group pop music. It's a startling turn when the good guys are actually killed and they have to find a way to save the world itself and its women from the evil Dopplebangers who live in their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of youth culture and real culture, blending modern music and phrases with postmodern sets and artistic references, and trying to teach us all by delving into our psyche to show ourselves. She introduces the nightmares facing the late 1980s teenager in a society she had abandoned, and challenges us to analyze poststructural jingoism, self-love, and the malaise of that time. Feeling that we can actually change the world is an inspirational message, but in order to achieve those dreams, we need to cross our nightmares and actually face them. To overcome means to succeed, to defeat Death is the first step to truly live and not just survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves- "Wow!" Best Scene: For an entertaining game - see how many songs, bands and albums contain references throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
