This is the first American film that has successfully adopted the naturalistic style of Europeans, especially the French and Belgians, for at least a decade. Is not it time? After three high school girls in the Crown Heights area of ​​Brooklyn during the last days of their summer break between freshmen and students took place in the second year, it does what it should do all good art: they discovered the universal in the particular. Although the prejudices of the girls are outwardly conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothes - we take a look at how to design their whole life, universal interface between character and fate. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is complete and complete. The film breathes, stays in the moment, lives in real time. The story is self-explanatory. The medium and its artifacts are not the message once. The film steadfastly conveys the childlike perspective of its characters; it does not impose its own adult meanings or customs. Details are self-evident, never crowded, and therefore appear all the more real and powerful for their understatement. Although the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, a part of the biggest black ghetto in New York City and one of the most dangerous places of violence in the United States, was captured with great difficulty, it is about the childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto itself . <br /> <br /> documentary photographs of the practice sessions a brass band, the Jackie Robinson Steppers, set the film at regular intervals with an explosion of color, movement and sound in the scene. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, a patient, smart and unobtrusive observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, acting transparent. Some scenes are outstanding, such as the girls, who frolic and reveal their deepest fantasies. Lanisha's commitment to accepting death by arbitrary force is the most shocking and one of the deepest scars of the ghetto. Her sharing with her mother, her confusion and fear of the stark challenges of adult life is equally moving and beautiful, unsentimentally positive. <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected and not propagated: All three girls are from single parent educated mothers, only one, Lanisha has a father who is active in their lives (and not coincidentally of the three it is the most emotionally stable and empathetic for others and the one with the most self esteem). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disproportionately common disease in the city center. Gunfire, an everyday occurrence, only temporarily stops their conversation. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hope, feels she has control over the future, while the other two have already accepted despair to varying degrees. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best dramatic American movie I've seen in years. See, see, see it.
