I think back to the time when I could smell my friend alone in my time of existence at 16. The little moments of this film are so accurate and fit exactly what goes on in the minds and hearts of young girls in the coming teens. At my age, I want to preach to them now about their choices and how life in these times is not as important as it seems in those moments. If they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience life's hardships both externally and internally, life would be so much sweeter. On the other hand, young people today are faced with a number of variables that I never had to deal with with a youth. <br /> <br /> The three main characters that are well played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez - Maria) give us the very credible portrayal of a reality for young girls who impoverished situations live here. They have impoverished family life and raised them all by single mothers, with the expectation of Lanisha, whose father is present but does not actively support her. They have impoverished the education systems and have no direct contact with the achievement of role models. These situations affect her powerfully and are her reality, but all of that is not particularly depressing for these young women in everyday life. With the exception of their plight, they focus on the same things that young girls around the world deal with. Find true love in a man, have good friends to rely on, win respect, love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. Here, this film crossed the race, the age and the gap between the genders and the environment in which it is shaped. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explains on the DVD how every scene has gotten into his head by watching young people of that age living in such types of neighborhoods. You also add three up-and-coming actresses who are not that far from their time in their own lives to achieve a truly good synergy between reality and optimal action. What I know about African Americans and Hispanics is that there is always a spiritual family member or a neighbor who stands in the foreground or near the ground and believes in a better day and a better life and a better future despite the current situation and modeling plays a role to some extent. This has never been touched in the film, not to preach, and I understand that, but it also limits the culture to have no hope of anything other than itself. <br /> <br /> The HOPE FACTOR: Now I'm thinking about my future, where I come from and say how Lanisha did "Today's a good day". Yes, there is still poverty, racism, sexism and other forms that we can add. Yes, some of these young girl actions perpetuate the isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but none of these actions, which are past or neither present nor their environment, leave them without hope for a bright future. It left me with a sad hope for each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of a young girl on the verge of a destructive decision. I think that's the value of the movie, which he should not just entertain, but make each of us think, reflect and then move in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
