"One day we will walk in the rays of a beautiful sun One day when the world is much brighter" - The five levels of "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> films about black teenagers usually refer to the inner city Gangsters who handle drugs or commit violence on a hip-hop soundtrack. Films about the everyday problems of ordinary urban teens are hard to find, yet there is an undiscovered gem that I would recommend. Our Jim McKay song is about three girls in the Crown Heights department of Brooklyn who learn that their asbestos removal high school needs to close and decide their future direction. The story is told from the perspective of a 15-year-old, not an adult who remembers the past, as in most upcoming movies. It avoids the compulsive street language and the excessive use of F-words, delivering an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in their life. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at the local high school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a true marching band whose rehearsals and discipline give their lives a Labor Day parade. <br /> <br /> Similar to George Gordon Green, but less stylized, the film features non-professional black and Latin American actors, with Kerry Washington considered outstanding. While the performances had some amateurish moments, I busied myself so much with the story that I forgot that the girls were even acting. Maria, whose father is in prison, has learned that she is pregnant by Terrell, a local student. She wants to have the baby even though she is only 15 years old and knows that Terrell will probably not help much. Joycelyn works in an upscale clothing store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very moving scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans, then she goes to bed to recite one of her poems. She is initially near Lanisha and Maria, but drifts out to find friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls gets much support at home, and Maria is too scared to even tell her mother about her baby. Still, the single mothers are not typical deadbeats or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time is limited with their children due to the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she can visit her father, a doorman in a luxurious apartment building, and talk about music. Her mother comforts when Lanisha learns that a friend in the neighborhood has committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic plot in an otherwise realistic film. When the summer is over, the girls drift apart and decide on a different course. There are no big dramatic moments, only the sad realization of the inevitability of change. Although we have no blinder about the frustrations they can expect, we identify with their hopes and dreams, ignoring the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growing up in projects that do not see life as possible.
