If you look at this animation masterpiece, you will quickly notice that it is a European production. Although Europeans have (unfortunately) incorporated some of the clichés that you would normally find in an American production of this kind, most are missing. One of them is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can defeat. Another is that one of the group is only in business for the money, greedy, run away when the heat is high, but somehow gives way to its better nature. Without both, this movie would have been better. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a television series released four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a caricature and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer was going to destroy the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced that whoever did the animation knows his or her stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictional (they do not even look real in still images), they are as vivid and sensitive as the audience following their search. Forming characters that could be considered "deformed" by "normal" scales (these micro-legs could never carry this huge body, let alone jump), so alive and lovable is more than "just a highlight!" The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much for his looks, but for his ingenuity. The world in which our heroes travel is not as solid as our own, but consists of many tracts of land that differ in shape and size and seem to float in the air. When a person steps onto a smaller piece of ground, she nods a little, as if she were absorbing the weight. In some cases the ups and downs are no longer valid, but our heroes still manage to gain a foothold somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is absolutely surreal, the film is absolutely believable and does not seem to be any weirder than running into a car anywhere in New York. I wrote that The looks of the world are not as breathtaking as the idea. As true as I think, the quality of the world, the characters and attention to detail are stunning. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few characteristics, emotions can be read as clearly as in Sean Connerys or Dustin Hoffman's face. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and neither is the same. The background is always in motion, there is always something going on that makes the world even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you'll be surprised how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence of Hector actually puts the cherry to the top. Hector is a furry little "thing" (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is totally adorable and extremely funny. Although he is not really important to the main story, he would be missed, as Scrat would be in the Ice Age. The really cool thing about Hector is that you have to speak Gibberish to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so great, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was pretty thin. Two hunters are sent out to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world is not really original. That would not be a big problem in itself. What I missed was the background information. What kind of dragon was that and why did it look like that? I love mythical stories, but when they get too thin, they seem to be written after the film finishes in a feeble attempt to give some depth to the whole thing. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was Zoé. Although a little girl like her can be considered adorable, it was a bit painful in this movie. She seemed to be quite resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, kept dreaming of one storybook hero and essentially slowing down the others. She would have been fine if she had evolved a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or would have been less girly at the beginning. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who had torn the story back a little. All in all, this is a really good movie for all ages.
