My first impression would be that Beowulf is only intact with all the good parts of the fight against Grendel and the Dragon, making it an exciting ride from start to finish. The two had been written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak and had created a fantastic landscape, which in their history becomes their own personality, whose ever-changing environment consists of small landscapes that can fly around and be either deserts or globes The story is a simple story that tells of a country crouching in the expectation of an unusual visit by a mighty dragon to plunder and destroy, and almost all the local knights have been destroyed. Enter the king's granddaughter, Zoe (Marie Drion), who collects Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge brute with immense strength, but really a gentle giant, and his co-contender Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), partnering with his partner Balanced Brained Brain Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their pet creature, who too proudly spits out spiked fires) share the common dream of owning farmland and spending idyllic days looking after their retired farm animals, but to achieve this They must be financially free, hence their career in monster destruction, which does not pay off. <br /> <br /> This is basically the essence, but what makes this movie a spectacle is its CG graphics, which are solid, rich, detailed and a stunning wonder. There are some wonderfully handcrafted action pieces that have been carefully crafted to pull you into the depths of the action. There is no boring moment during these battle sequences. Photorealistic moments of nonexistent landscapes set aside the fantasy of fake beliefs, and it's easy to admire the landscape beyond the usual three suns and a flying kayak of flying Dingamajigs (here with you, George!) And I could not do enough from the final battle, though the usual bats will find fault with the indestructibility of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I think this movie opened my eyes. There are many more computer-animated companies around the world whose product quality matches those of Pixar. And this is definitely a movie that local filmmakers can learn from Zodiac: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea? To keep the story as simple as possible, let your moving works of art speak the whole word. Definitely highly recommended!
