At first I thought that Secret Sunshine had something important to say about religion (and Christianity here), and wondered if it was something of a curse against the evils of blind faith or the manipulative power of the supposedly holier people Surprisingly, this was by no means the case and was largely non-judgmental. In fact, events were introduced that allowed the audience to draw their own judgment and conclusions. <br /> <br /> And I can not help but play the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who likes the widower Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon) and who goes to church if she does it does. The reasons for attending the church are many, I think, either to find inner peace, to seek help, to be afraid of eternal damnation in hell-fires, to affirm faith, or even to want things like marrying in a church or to deal with chase (I'm not making you funny). For any one of his own reasons to come to church each Sunday and attend prayer groups for the community, this is really dangerous if the underlying ulterior motive is not satisfied and frustrates. Or when you discover how a hypocritical person can be to portray a face in the house of God and to show another one out there. Shin-ae and her son Jun move to the city of Miryang, the birthplace of her deceased husband. She wants to start a new life and opens a piano shop to give lessons, though she experiences another tragedy in discovering her new freedom and in a moment of no good judgment. And that takes an hour to get there. Secret Sunshine really took the time to get to the point where things get a little more interesting as Shin-ae now embraces the religion to cope with its present state and accept it. can offer. <br /> <br /> What started out as compassion becomes acceptance and belief that religion offers the silver bullet to solve the diseases of all humanity, and sometimes you wonder if this is due to your personal myopia what the Almighty does for you, that you start to take a somewhat selfish opinion, that all goes well, and in Shin-ae's case, her magnanimous attitude to forgive others who have violated her, and forget something fundamental. It may feel also cut in both directions. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun because it says a lot, with which most of us can identify - why me and why not someone else. how we rage against our faith and start to ask, unfortunately without hard and fast answers. Then we either stay on the track or continue with such rebellious destructive deeds. But somehow the plug in Secret Sunshine is carefully drawn so as not to offend and what could have been an ugly mouthpiece for characters was muted. <br /> <br /> If you get into the hype that this film triggers, then perhaps you will realize that only the outstanding portrayal of Jeong Doyeon is worth mentioning, as she has her role as Widow Shin-ae, who is probably the one most unhappy person on earth who has to deal with so many tragedies in no time And if you look at it closely, most of them are done by themselves. Seeing her transformation is worth the price of the ticket, and although he had my personal Korean favorite actor Song Kang-ho in the film, this is something he has just burned out.
