The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon is Lee Shin-ae, the lead character, a woman with a young son whose husband died in a tragic accident, and who leaves Seoul to join her little son in Miryang, his hometown Life . Jeon's face is very changeable. She is girlish, flirtatious, elegant, aged and sad, desperate and joyful, alternately terribly isolated, and everything is in her face. The film also plays Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who meets her when her car breaks into Miryang, who happens to be running a garage in the city, and who follows her all the while, though she obviously has no interest in his attention. Song is currently the biggest star in Korea, known for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Memories of Murder and The Host). And yet he plays a disposable figure here, almost a forgotten man. But of course he makes him interesting and curious. He is the most important ballast to keep Jeon's character from floating. Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of Armenian Seoul, a city "just like anywhere else", Kim says (just like everyone else). Her little boy is lively, like little boys, but also obviously damaged and sometimes withdrawn. His father is snoring, and when he misses him he lies awake and pretends to snore. He goes to school and Shin-ae meets parents, students and shopkeepers. There is a sense of a place in the film, even if the place is "everywhere" in a sense. People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything and Shin-ae's Seoul origin is immediately noticed. Is life really rougher here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae does not seem to recognize the danger she is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happened. And Shin-ae does not necessarily handle it as much as possible. But it happens and she has to face the consequences. But she can not. She goes to pieces. A culprit gets caught, but that's no comfort. At some point she becomes so desperate, she gives in and goes to a born-again Christian, where a friend forces her to take part. She finds peace and liberation with it. But when she decides not only to forgive the offender, but to go to jail to tell him, this experience is full of ironies and destroys her again. She becomes bitter and desperate and finds no comfort in religion anymore. And it gets worse than that. Jeon Do-yeon gives her everything in this extremely demanding and protic role. Lee Chang-dong may be a very good director. It's convincing when an actor the size of Song Kang-ho expresses enormous admiration for him. According to LA Weekly's Scott Foundas, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002), have described him as "one of the leading figures in his country's most recent cinematic renaissance". However, this is not such a successful film as other Korean directors whose work I have seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the amazingly perverted Park Chan-wook. It could actually begin as Foundas as a kind of "Asian Alice, who no longer lives here" and then "abruptly and without warning" becomes a thriller, and some time after an almost Bressonian study of human suffering. "But this progress does not just seem to be random and indigestible, the film sags and loses momentum towards the end and then just flickers with no sense of end." "There are also weaknesses in the plot." Shin-ae goes stupid with her son Chances are and makes bad decisions all the time, if it's for the madness like Betty in Betty Blue by Jean-Jacques Beineix, which might explain her peculiar and wrong choices, that's not something that's been developed right an interesting film, certainly a troubling one, but one that makes one dubious and dissatisfied after being led by an emotional wringer - an official selection of the New York Film Festival, presented at the Lincoln Center, 2007 - an event hosted by Korean filmmakers in have done right in the recent past.
