Korean cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, as there are many sounds and genres that you can find in the same movie. In a Coreen drama like this "Secret Sunshine" you will also find some weird parts, thriller scenes and romantic times. "Not only is there a tragedy in life, there is also a tragic comedy," says the character, interpreted by Song Kang-ho, and sums up the mix of the image. But do not get me wrong. The heterogeneity of the genres the film deals with makes the audience more truthful. That does not mean that unity is missing. On the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and deep portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae looking for a quiet life Her son in the hometown of her deceased husband really gives unity to this film through all the different faces of the suffering she goes through. The realistic part is erased by the psychological descriptions of all the phases the poor mother is going through. Denial, loss, anger, belief, realism: the film goes through all the steps the character traverses and looks like a psychological catalog of all the suffering phases a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> accepting what may seem like a conceptual experience (the woman wears the mask of tragedy, the man represents the weird interludes) and lets you touch the art of the film. I have to say that some parts of the film have really moved me (especially at the beginning), especially those that involve the inability of Chang Joan to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering in the end emotionally tired. Even so, some cinematographic ideas are truly breathtaking and surprising (the scene in which a body is discovered in a great setting, for example, is amazing). These kinds of scenes make "Secret Sunshine" the melo equivalent of "The Host" for horror films or "Memories of Murder" for thrillers. These films are truly amazing, original, aesthetically unbelievable and able to give a different dimension to the genres they are dealing with. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgets, because "The host" forgot the awesome, was to make the audience cry: bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
