Secret Sunshine is the return of director Lee Changdong to the film world after several years absence. He has already brought three critically acclaimed films with him and is now recruiting veteran Jeon Doyeon and her considerable (Cannes winner) talents for Lee Shinae's lead role. What follows is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and an investigation of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that comes to mind when looking at Secret Sunshine is that it's not really important to follow a particular genre. Rather, it absorbs genre characteristics, if necessary, to convey what it wants to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as she moves with her son to the city of Milyang (whose Sino-Corean is translated into Secret Sunshine). She moves to Milyang after her husband's death since it was his hometown. So the movie was born out of a tragedy. And you think things could just get better as she opens a piano shop and encounters a slightly limping mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). However, this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Jongchan stubbornly) follow Shinae as she encounters Milyang and the fate she holds for her, the cracks in her armor quickly become visible. She is a troubled woman trying to capture her own power to overcome the tragedy, and we observe her finding that it is not enough. Secret Sunshine still succeeds in following a largely Aristotelian dramatic arc, but retreats the catharsis, which could confuse some viewers, especially the end, but the novel symbolism in the name of Milyang, the discussions about sunshine and the ones used Pictures The film was very satisfying when I started to think more about the movie. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jeon is consistently quite impressive, especially considering that if the role were played less well, the role would quickly become a rather painful melodrama, but she catches the nuances of Shinae's attempts to treat their losses with a subtle layer. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but he plays appropriately and appropriately stages Ms. Jeon. Technically, the film is well done in the classical sense. No eye-catching aesthetics are used here - the director clearly tries to tell the story itself. I believe my only real complaint, and one that may not be resolved, is that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is some distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least me). I think some of it comes from the nature of the work, because if total empathy were encouraged, we would not be able to see the problems that Shinae objectively has. On the other hand, despite her many tears and increasingly unpredictable behavior, I never felt moved by Shinae's misery. <br /> <br /> Still, the movie is still impressive, especially because it made me think about it, adhere to the wider meanings that come with it, and think about tragedy, coping, self-delusion, isolation, and beliefs me long after the end of the credits. Driven by a strong lead performance, I did not notice the runtime of 2.25 hours. And that says something. Well done. 8.10.
