Secret Sunshine (2007) is known for his awards at the Festival de Cannes 2007 and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the newly widowed Shin-ae, won the Best Actress Trophy at the 60th Cannes Festival. Secret Sunshine was also a winner of Best Feature Film, and Jeon-Do Yeon received a "Best Actress" from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, the film won the best film awards at almost all Korean film festivals. Masterfully written and staged and uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine expressed the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful due to the ongoing tragedy. This film also spoke about the forgiveness of God and man. Lee Chang Dong, director and author of the film, said in an interview, "In the broadest sense, I wanted to express what love is, and this film could in a sense be a melodrama, without love we can not talk about hope and salvation." Lee admitted that Secret Sunshine had no obvious genre. This film is not a film about religion, but it attracted many Christians in Korea, as the film contained many Christian elements. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shinae's son, is kidnapped and killed. The hijacker asks for money because he assumes that she has to be rich because she can buy land. Your lie is a lot of suffering. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a churchgoer and wants to forgive the murderer. She decides to visit her son's murderer in prison and to forgive him. Jong-chan, a friend of Shin-ae, says, "Forgive only in your heart, must you go to jail?" Her church members cheer her and say that they will pray for her. Your pastor agrees what she wants to do. This is a sad moment because it is too early for them to do anything. The result of the meeting with the killer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that God has already forgiven him. That makes her angry with God. She says, "How can you forgive the man before I can forgive?" <br /> <br /> She begins to fight against God. She looks up at the sky and announces: "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap and her hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. She gets crazier and crazier and is sent to a mental hospital. The day Shin-ae is released from the hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's murderer works in the store and cuts her hair. The murderer's daughter has kidnapped Shin-ae's son. As she cuts Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can not understand what's going on and quickly leaves the store. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan is doing his best to be on Shin-ae's side. Although Shin-ae does not care about him at all, he's with her all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who started to visit the church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels at peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, the director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (the secret sunshine), the rural city or vice versa. He seems to be "too worldly and too frivolous, but he's always two steps behind her and looks after her." Milyang is like him. " Mr. Lee adds, "Someone joked that Jong-chan might be an angel, I think he could be the angel, who knows, we can not say with certainty that there is no angel." If there is someone like Jong-chan who forever accompanies the twists and turns of his lover, we can defend ourselves against the overwhelmed. The life of Shin-ae is full of insignificance. Her husband died after cheating on her, and her only son was cruelly killed by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she had learned wrong Christianity - and that literally drives her crazy. It's too easy to say that her life is filled with futility. Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The last scene gives us hope. Shin-ae is trying to cut his own hair: we're leaving our life journey alone. But she recognizes that it is difficult to do it alone, and we know that we can not do it all on our own. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror for her while she cuts her hair. That's their hope. She has Jong-chan beside her and he's ready to help her in every situation she's in. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel to her. When we feel that an angel is always beside and behind us, we can find joy in life, even if we encounter adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine challenges us to deal with the messiness of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a flat interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this movie will help us see below the surface. Some people say they left the service after seeing Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong replied, "They were anti-Christ before they saw this movie, Secret Sunshine is a woman's life story and we can do it interpret our lives through the life of Shin-ae.
