Lee Chang-dong's extraordinary "Secret Sunshine" is the most emotionally angry experience of the year. It is an immediately sobering, brutally honest character piece about the aftermath of loss and a graceful memento mori that resonates with a conspicuous density of thought, yet remains as inscrutable as the emotions it observes. With his intricate naturalism and astonishingly astute view of the dynamics of small towns, Lee implicitly deconstructs traditional Korean melodrama by pulling apart the kinematics of excess and ripping the bows that form his characters, leading the process to a crushing, stoic realism. <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains an immense, flowing work during its 142-minute runtime. His first hour of bravado is filled to the brim with subtextual allusions, remarkable foreshadowing and skilful tone reversal by humanistic moodiness. After a short story, Lee adapts the film with his sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life that were last seen in his irresistibly funny and disrespectful "Oasis". To understand how personal revolutions are shaped when views of our universe are changed, Lee not only sees the emotional catastrophe over the grief of a widow in a questioning setting, but also feels the turbulent existential currents that underpin the film when the religion The narrative scapegoat when it comes to understanding the uncanny is the human experience. <br /> <br /> Best Actress Award from Do-yeon Jeon ("You Are My Sunshine") at Cannes 2007 is well deserved. Her performance as a widow Shin-ae remains an inexorable mystery. As a figure is pulled apart by forces beyond its control, the sheer magnificence of this achievement is central to the film's turbulent nature. As Jeon performs one cyclonic upheaval after another, there is a disturbing sense of collapse that the film never approaches. Instead, it finds a delicate balance that removes the loaded theatricality and the ensuing banality from ordinary tragedies and their consequences. It becomes both the center of the film and ours. Filmed in a magnificent CinemaScope, the film destroys the film of frames and compositions by becoming visually acute, just as it is quiet when the camera never abandons the gaze of Shin-ae in times of happiness, guilt and remorse , <Br /> <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small, suspicious city of Miryang? The awkwardness of community situations, their uncomfortable silence, and their devastation sprang from personal dramas. The interactions of Shin-ae with the inhabitants of the city seldom cause dividends, especially if they are only obliged by duty to stand up for their son Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). The returning acquaintance is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a mechanic with uncertain intentions, who helps her on the way to Miryang in the enchanting, open sequence of the film, which leads to a mesmerizing sunbeam. Song has established himself as a comedic anti-hero in South Korea's biggest movies, but his nuanced, unobtrusive royalty suggests the director's mind never to reveal more than one. <br /> <br /> If pain is transient, then sadness can never really disappear. And Lee finds complexity in existence. As Shin-ae tries to follow the path of reconciliation, only to be confronted again with an unimaginable heartbreak, she unsuccessfully uses the community of Protestant Christianity as a foil to her grief. But Lee knows better than that when he understands that religion in the context of the human dimension of strife and misery is never an easy solution. But Lee never blames the nature of religion for recognizing the value of salvation for some through a higher power, even though it is a form of rejection in others. The scenes in the second half, which deal with religion, can not be aggressively despised, which in itself is a feat, considering how many filmmakers take the impulse of the material from what they have to say to their story to stay faithful and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since his appointment as Minister of Culture and Tourism of his country is an uncompromising dissertation on human suffering. In a film so uncomplicated and sincere, he painstakingly reveals that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, only the suppression and mitigation of agony. "Secret Sunshine" leaves tender compassion, which is torn out of transience, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
