I did not plan to write this review, but after reading the standard review posted on the URL of this movie, I felt compelled to write a refutation. The movie in one word is superlative. It does not deserve the slanderous review written by the author. I think the author totally missed the sense of the movie. In fact, I was also turned off by the exaggerated show of evangelistic devotion that dominated the middle of the film. However, I have to deal with the reviewer to the effect that this film in the end is not propaganda for evangelistic actions. I think the director has shown that religion is not enough to find all the answers, and that religion is largely unable to provide answers to basic, simple questions that can be asked and sometimes everything To offer religion simply has banal platitudes of one kind or another. This is not a value judgment for religion, as we must remember that religion is transformed and expressed by ordinary, mostly benevolent, fundamentally good people who normally do not monopolize have the truth and therefore the religion ultimately can not give definitive answers to some questions in life. Ultimately, it's about faith. You have to accept it by faith and that's all. And if you are given to the faith, you can appreciate every statement of faith. And if you are not believed, any demonstration of faith is boring. It is therefore instructive at the same time to record the reaction of the reviewer to the film. In any case, the director shows us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions. Nevertheless, life goes on and there is "secret sunshine" in this world that awaits all wounded souls regardless of their religious orientation. And that's just the core message of the movie! Please note the last scene of the movie if you do not get this! In the end, the movie is great and very thoughtful and confronts you - the viewer with questions that you have to answer yourself. So it's a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the reviewer that the evangelical stuff was a bit too much. In the light of the above interpretation of religion, as shown in the film, I think the director has tried to balance the plot, which may not qualify him as an evangelist. basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. He is so balanced and just perfect that he is just amazing. He is undoubtedly my favorite Korean actor. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon received the Cannes Prize for Best Actress for this film. However, I have not found a specialty in her acting. It seems that in order to win awards, one has only to act convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes and everything? All in all, a great movie. If you do not like it? Please take a look again and see if you can get it! If this makes you dissatisfied or uncomfortable or ask questions, consider whether this was not necessarily what the director was aiming for through this movie!
