I love Korean movies because they really (really eerily quiet) can capture life. I tend to see Korean films for that reason alone. I have already seen other films for these directors. Those closest to the feelings I have with them are Oasis and another great movie titled This Charming Girl. <br /> <br /> However, my title summary is from a Chrstian perspective, so I'm just starting to do that instead of just showering it with praise. For a non-Christian perspective, director Chang-dong Lee has taken an impartial and almost eerie, real account of a modern Protestant church (regardless of denomination) and all warts. I've always been waiting for a Christian movie that really represents the darker corners of church life. Because Christian films tend to speak in a language that is different from those they want to share their beliefs with. Many films with religious undertones, though they have good motives, tend to have only the resonance of a Disney movie or school special. You have to show life as it is. Real people curse, real people suffer, real people fall. And although Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, we are still challenged by the everyday horrors of this life. And Do-yeon Jeon's character is an absolutely honest and almost brutal depiction of a woman God has found, but because of the bitter realities of life, she loses that love for him that she once had. She does not deny that God exists. It's just that she refuses to accept, to live with the idea that he is an all-loving and forgiving God. In her decent relationship to morality and insanity, her character poses questions that arise in the US mind of anyone, religious or otherwise. <br /> <br /> "If God is love, why does He allow such terrible things?" This movie does not answer that rightly. And I believe that the last 10 minutes of the film, though open to interpretation, leave us with a hopeful future for our main character and the idea of ​​the "secret sunshine" form a circle. <br /> <br /> I do not believe for a moment that this movie was trying to be religious or in any way tried and intended to be that. Therein lies the reason why it worked even more. It's real, it's honest. And that's why it's by far the best summary of a true Christian life I've seen in the movie.
