The first time I and my best friend saw this movie, we saw him for Alex Winter of "Bill & Teds" celebrity. We did not know what to expect, except who and what it was about. When the movie was over, we knew it was love at first sight. While not entirely historically correct, this film was and is the best of its kind. I've seen other films that tell the story of this famous summer, and in my opinion, no one else can compare. For some details, it has a little bit of refinement, but these parts did not detract from the sheer elegance and romance of the story. I've seen the other films this summer and think most of them are good, but none is as intriguing as this one. <br/> <br/> "Haunted Summer" has the qualities of a painting. The colors and settings seem to be found on a canvas, framed and hung in a museum or on the walls of an eccentric. The costumes were beautiful and although I was not the most comfortable clothes in the world, I wanted to find a seamstress who made me such costumes. The whole movie played on the scenic Lake Geneva (where I'll go someday, because I've seen this movie) and the serenity that these historical personalities found there After all the cursing of England's harsh judgments, the strangeness that also surrounded this adventure. Yes, there were drugs. During this time, this was a fairly common practice, a time when drugs were not illegal. And taking laudanum (the liquid form of opium) was both medically and relaxing. Shelley suffered from consumption. Lord Byron suffered from the pain of a clenched foot. Not surprisingly, this summer there were prescriptions of the powerful drugs in their possession. And they were poets at a time when experience was the key. There was no time for careful caution. Passion and experience were a big part of the romance. And from the thoughts and discussions about science, religion and philosophy a legend emerged: "Frankenstein". Yes, in this movie we see the beautiful and liberated Mary Godwin (not married to Shelley (then), played by the beautiful and talented Alice Krige) who is the control factor for everything that goes on until she succumbs to the experience, but she does asserting herself and experiencing things on her own terms, the strength she inherited from her mother and father was the actors and actresses who were perfect for the roles they played, the music fit, the direction has the essence This movie is based on a wonderful book "Haunted Summer" by Anne Edwards.If you like this movie, read the book.The author takes the story from what she read from the current magazines by Mary Godwin Shelley and the other participants in this story, if you are a person who loves history (even the small inaccuracies) of Z time to time) and romance and gothic, then this is a movie for you. It shows the birth of the monster, which even today teaches us about the moral of "playing God". <br /> <br /> A definite movie has to be seen!
