Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest works of a great director: He began working on art-house films in his Dutch home before moving to Hollywood to produce subversive genre pieces that are often viewed as entertaining by mainstream viewers. The Fourth Man (1983) was the last film he made before moving to the US, and it seems to be a transition movie for him. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of The Fourth Man it is clear that the film will be seen from the point of view of the famous but impoverished writer Gerard. In an apparent homage to Carol Reed's eponymous film, The Third Man, 1949, the film begins with an author who undertakes a journey to speak to a great many literary lovers. However, the similarities end there, as Gerard suffers no major complications before arriving at the auditorium and the speech itself runs rather smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which he performs this function, we know that the author is a little worried, because he has realistic fantasies about murdering his roommate before he leaves home, and he also has a surreal fantasy with a hotel that he has advertised, and grow a freestanding eyeball from a spyhole. The fact that he sometimes struggles to separate his fantasies from reality becomes all the more clear as an anecdote he tells is revealed to be untrue and he admits that he "lies the truth" until he no longer knows if something did or did not happen. "<br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of surreal fantasies and dreams that become all the more disturbing because it's very easy to see how they relate to events we've seen, and because sometimes Foretelling Events That Have a 'It Has Not Occurred Between the effectiveness of the unreal sequences and Verhoeven's meticulous editing style, this is the most atmospheric movie on this side of Do not Look Now. Like this film, this film is full of ambiguity. In contrast to this film, The Fourth Man is also perversely funny, as Gerard's deep-rooted Catholic conviction flows into every aspect of his life, including sexuality, and naturally connects a female hairdresser, whom he knows very well with the biblical Delilah, though he does fears that she will be able to remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with her pair of scissors in an erotic fantasy sequence that Luis B To make uñuel blush, he replaces a man who is interested in a life-size Christ statue on the cross. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is a horror movie that brings the viewer into the mind of the protagonist while still maintaining some ambiguity: it certainly seems like Gerard is in danger, but it could only be more Be "lies of the truth". The film is also full of subtle and not so subtle visual imagery that makes it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
