Looking at DE FOURDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a somewhat disturbing and quite intriguing experience. It's a very tight and intense psychological mystery / thriller by Paul Verhoeven from the Netherlands. He shot the film shortly before he grew up with his "Free-Ticket to Hollywood" movie FLESH + BLOOD. In many user comments on this website I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this movie may have been Hitchcockian, but I've also noticed touches from Cronenberg (the Initiate), flavors from David Lynch (surreal storytelling visuals), and even Roman Polanski (complete game). The funny thing is that the films of these directors that I thought of as they watched DE FOURDE MAN were filmed only after 1983, the year of the release of THE FOURTH MAN. So go ahead. <br /> <br /> The story of the novel by Gerard Reve, on which this movie is based, must indeed be greatly appreciated. Gerard Reve is also the fictitious name of the main character (a tortured writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, who balances on the dangerous line of a severe psychosis). Has anyone stopped and thought that the word "rêve" for "dream" is French? And the movie contains many dreamlike / nightmarish sequences, often in such a way that one does not always know for sure whether Gerard is awake or dreaming himself. Could that be coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite impressive as a lead actress (in a rather demanding role). She sometimes seems guilty (in a subtle way). However, this aspect was clearly intended to depict the character she plays as you become unsure as to how you feel about this lady and her intentions. Prove again what an excellent actress she is. I can add that the film also contains several scenes showing male and female nudity from the front, as well as some pretty explicit sex scenes (and you'll even notice that some of the scenes and aspects were clearly the designs of scenes later on Verhoeven were filmed BASIC INSTINCT). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this film is much symbolism and biblical references / images that the film allegedly hated thoroughly by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European release. In any case, the film is worth a second look. Now someone told me recently that he has great reservations about DE FOURDE MAN. One of them is that the film supposedly maneuvers itself into a position in which he needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to break away. I myself have great problems with the way Catholicism has been and is still being portrayed in many films of all genres (not only when it comes to religiously-themed horror films). But surprisingly, I had no doubt about THE FOURTH MAN. Although the aspect of the Virgin Mary in the plot scratched me at one point, I somehow had fun with it. I think the key word, why it did not bother me at all, is "duality". Because this film works on two levels. Although "divine intervention" might have solved the storyline from the protagonist's point of view ... on the other hand, the film implies that all of this could have been the crazy wobbly movements of a raging madman. And that's fun too: you never know exactly. And then there's the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve somehow got distorted visions of things coming ... as if receiving Omen? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to get Christine to believe he is clairvoyant. The way he plays Christine in this particular scene is exquisite. <br /> <br /> Therefore, with its captivating history, compelling theatrical achievements and appropriate direction, DE FOURDE MAN is a highly recommended sight to enjoy a solid European psychological horror movie). Make sure, however, that you see the Dutch original version (not the dubbed one).
