I do not know if I would think it a masterpiece, but it's damn near. It's extremely well done, artistic, exciting, intricately planned, thematically challenging and full of somber foreboding and sexually-religious imagery. There are also some great cinematographic works by Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score by Loek Dikker, and outstanding plays by Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter offering one of the most insidious, subtle femme fatale performances I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a genuine, non-judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity, and the complexity of sexuality, and has no reservations about confusing it with religious and / or surrealist (sometimes blasphemous) imagery. In other words, if you can not bear the thought of seeing a lust-driven homosexual who imagines the object of his carnal desire when Jesus was crucified on the cross before they went to a graveyard crypt, then this might not be the case to you. What surprised me more is how this bizarre movie managed to avoid a presumptuous mess completely. It mixes the abstract / surreal / parallel Fantasy Reality scenes and somehow makes everything work. As with any good mystery, you can see the pieces slowly assembling as the movie progresses. There is NO resolution outside the left field here. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary filler, and when it's over, you begin to understand what confused you earlier. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this movie. If you have no idea who they are, you might like them anyway. <br /> <br /> I will not interfere with the plot by overly detailed information, but the opening shot of the film - through a web as a spider captures its prey - sets the stage, as Krabbé, as an unshaven, complacent, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interestingly also the name of the novelist whose novel is based on it) crosses a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, androgynous styling with Simone Simon-like innocence / cuteness, which is quite disturbing), possibly a "black widow "is responsible for the death of her three former husbands. The two become lovers and move with each other, but we believe (through Christina's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearances of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not exist, in fact) that something horrible is boiling the surface. As another of Christine's lover, the young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman), appears in the house, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> THE FIRST MAN was a major art house success in much of the world, but did not reach the US until 1984, when he received the Best Foreign Film of the Year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the media release, which was dreadfully dubbed. Try to avoid this and get up-to-date with the newer Anchor Bay DVD release. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has experienced ups and downs. He did some decent movies (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some lousy (showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's big hit Basic Instinct is almost a less interesting version of The Fourth Man's Junior League. Soutendjik also tried his hand at acting in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best she got, she returned home to the Netherlands.
