The morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), who is gay and alcoholic and often has death pictures, is invited to a lecture at the Literature Club in Vlissingen. While in the train station of Amsterdam, he feels an inappropriate attraction for a handsome man getting on another train. Gerard is introduced to the treasurer of the club and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow owned by the beauty salon Sphinx, and they have a bedside table. The next morning, Gerard sees the picture of Christine's friend Herman (Thom Hoffman) and recognizes him as the man he saw in the train station. He suggests that she bring Herman home to spend a few days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her friend, and Gerard stays alone in her house. He drinks whiskey and sniffs her safe. He finds three film roles with names of men; He decides to follow the trail and discover that Christine had married the three men and all died in tragic accidents. Later, Gerard thinks Christine is a witch and wonders if Herman or he will be her fourth husband. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Four Earth Man" is another great feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with intelligent dialogue. great achievement of Jeroen Krabbé in the role of a disturbed alcoholic; and breathtaking cinematography. The incomplete resolution is open to interpretations as in many European films that examine common sense and the intelligence of the audience. There are mediocre directors who use the nakedness of men to promote their films. Paul Verhoeven, however, uses the nakedness of Gerard Reve as part of the conspiracy and never aggressive or in search of sensationalism. Last but not least; The androgynous beauty of the sexy Renée Soutendijk fits perfectly with her role as a woman who attracts a gay writer. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th Man")
