Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his breakout hit "Basic Instinct" is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for making some dirty trash movies in his native Holland and America. This movie is one of the reasons. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay, alcoholic and slightly crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a lecture on the stories he writes. There he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who brings him back to her home, where he discovers a pretty picture of one of her lovers and announces that he will meet him, even if it kills him. <br /> <Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this movie, and that makes sure you never know exactly where you are with it. Many of the incidents in The Fourth Man may be what they seem to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something else. This keeps the audience for the duration at the edges of its seats and lets the film act as this narrative, what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he has to hold back, and that's what I like best about him. This film shows a very shocking scene where I felt sick for hours afterwards (and that does not happen often!). I will not spoil it because it needs the element of surprise to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you watch the movie (make sure you get the unabridged version!). There are also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the ones I mentioned, but still cute. One man is eaten by lions, another has sent a whistle through the skull, a boat is shattered in half ... irritating. <br /> <br /> The acting in The Fourth Man is nothing special, but it's stuck everywhere. Jeroen Krabbé keeps the audience's attention and acts as a drunken writer. However, Renée Soutendijk as the femme fatale is at the center of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate with Basic Instinct nine years later, but the original Fatale has done the best. The direction of Paul Verhoeven is consistently solid, as it guides our attention through numerous points of view, all of which help to create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven still did some rubbish, but he obviously has talent and it's a shame he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven films I have seen, this is the best and although it might be hard to come across; Trust me, it's worth it.
