A movie in which you can shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would be a step in the career of a common filmmaker. The fact is, Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest storyteller, has been doing this for years in various film formats. THE COLOR PURPLE was considered risky at the time, especially after action classics like JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In retrospect, this film should not be a surprise, because Spielberg had us in E.T. Tears of joy and sadness made us cry. Critics called COLOR PURPLE his entry into the intellectual kitchen. It is already an entrance. No special effects, no swashbuckling, just brilliant storytelling based on a literary classic by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg was able to present such a moving film about African Americans in the Deep South. Slavery is gone, but in the south, as shown here, it seems that blacks use blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg always attaches importance to sentimentalizing his pictures or to adding childlike elements to delight the audience. This is really the first of overlooked films of his career that you can not make these observations. It's the first in a series of films that people either have not seen or would not see, because there are no extraterrestrials. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, SCHINDLERS LIST, etc .. His great talent is evident in this particular image, because A) he mostly uses untrained, first-time actors, B) he attacks a theme that is not most suitable for the screen is, and C) It is a pure drama with no strings drawn, where the characters grow and change over the course of about 30 years. It is almost epic in appearance and scope, and the fact that it did not receive a single Academy Award out of 11 nominations is travesty and insult. Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous like the tortured Celie unattractive woman who gave away her incestuous father to an abusive Danny Glover whom she only knows as a "mister." The film follows a path of occasional beatings and mental torture she experiences with "Mister." The PG-13 rated film is open to the sexual problems that the Walker novel poses. This is by no means "The Burning Bed" in Georgia. No obvious revenge is taken, as one might expect. It happens gracefully. Goldberg perfectly plays a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most poignant and heartbreaking moment of the movies comes when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, maybe forever. (Possibly as anticipating the Holocaust separation between child and parent?) You may need to look for a pulse if you are not moved by that sequence. The color purple stands for the beauty of the fields and flowers that surround these poor people. There is really something to live for, but love triumphs over everyone. Spielberg-Bashers note: The guy can create an unforgettable classic without cute aliens. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
