This rather poorly named Western series won Emmy for the best syndicated program and is certainly an interesting series. It was produced by Republic, the studio that did the action better than anyone else, and they did their best. Each episode was built around a real historical figure of the Old West. A railroad detective named Matt Clark, similar to the later Elliot Ness with the twenties and thirties gangsters, was able to engage with almost every notorious Western outlaw between the mid-19th century and the First World War. The best asset of the series was Jim Davis. Tall, sturdy, sturdy and handsome, in best shape, with an authentic western accent and great driving skills that made him absolutely convincing in the action scenes, Davis was every inch the Western Hero. He was joined in the first season with two charming and active co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" in the second season. Everyone worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated this show from its contemporaries, and much that came later, was the professionalism that was invested in the action scenes. Director of Ace Action, William Witney, has led 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both filmed the action with polish. The extensive stock of Republic from series and B was used to make room. The level of individual episodes rose or fell with the quality of the guest stars involved in the play of the outlaws. Among the really good ones are Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Burr Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "The Smilin 'Kid". The creams from the West, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, refined their craft. B veterans with decades of experience, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell, and Chief Yowlachie, brought the old-fashioned feel of old Westerns to life. The weakness of the concept was that there are only so many famous western outlaws. In the second season, the famous personalities became an obscure mite sky by the most dedicated history fanatic. Nevertheless, some of the later shows were suitable for everyone due to the guest stars. Henry Brandon portrayed the seasoned Nate Champion, and former Republican star Don Barry was outstanding, as Milt Sharp, the little outsider, the western fanatic, or history buff.
