This nondescript, fairly routine series deserves recognition in the TV history book for two reasons: It was the first to receive an Emmy Award for the Best Syndication Series, and it was the very first show to come from the famous studios of Republic Pictures Low budget shooter of the 30s and 40s. <br /> <br /> Republic was one of the first Hollywood studios to jump into the small screen still in its infancy. The position of the studios as a producer of TV pulp fiction, however, would be short. After this show, they later turned to the other format they were known for, the adventure series, Commando Cody, and other series, but like them, they lasted no longer than 39 episodes. The Republic was also in the last stages as a studio; In Hollywood, it would end its rental period as a rental phase for several Revue Studio series such as "Soldiers of Fortune", the original "Dragnet" and "Kit Carson" before it finally closed its doors in 1959. Anyway, "Stories of the Century" was not a guilty conscience, his business cards were stories based on authentic figures of Western history, mainly criminals like Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Wesley Hardin, The Dalton Bros. and the like The late Jim Davis, best known for his role as Ewing Patriarch in Dallas, starred in a lovable job as Matt Clark, a fictional railroad detective who struggles with those outlaws. Veterans characters. <br /> <br /> Two amazing facts: The incidents would take place in different time series, some in the 1880s, some at the turn of the century, but Clark never ages. In addition, Matt has the good fortune to saddle up with two pretty detective girls, Sidekicks, Frankie Adams, played by Mary Castle, and her agent, Margaret "Jonesy" Jones, by Kristine Miller. The lonely ranger could only wish companions. You can only spend that time with Tonto. <br /> <br /> "Stories Of The Century" is a Studio City TV production by Republic Pictures Corp. During the year 1954, 39 episodes were produced, of which all 39 are public domain and on DVD.
