ROUEN PRIZES AND THE TRIUMPH OF "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite film of the public, actually more important than the jury prize, was Erik Clausen's brilliant, bittersweet dramatic comedy "Villa Paranoia", which was also selected by the European youth jury to be a call to cinephiles of all ages , The following day, director Clausen traveled to the remote town of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, to a provincial festival of the new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" received three more awards - Best Film, Professional Jury; Best Film, Audience Award; and Best Picture from another youth jury, made up of "lycéens" French high school students. Five prizes on a single weekend - not a bad scoop for a movie about a small country with unknown actors. In addition, just a week ago in San Jose, California, "Villa" won the Grand Prix, the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, from famous British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), which brought a total of six awards a week Lars van Trier Denmark has put on the unconventional Dogma Cinematic card in recent years, there is now a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable actor's collection of the world soon show that Denmark has more to offer than a dogmatic jerk that means a mass audience for young and old. The female lead role of his film, Sonja Richter, also has such a magical screen presence that with a little more visibility she has a good chance to become the next international Scandinavian diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a feature film written, directed and staged by Clausen using certain motifs from Molière's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a coveted role in the Moliere game and, with the exception of a completely stupid TV commercial, is about to commit suicide. Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a giant chicken farm sponsoring the spot, offers her a job with space and food to take care of his smart, senile, wheelchair-bound father, Walentin, who has not had a word since his wife Stella spoken suicides years ago. Anna is the only one who can finally communicate with the hostile, dumb old nagging - and also discovers that he has faked deafness and immobility all these years - a living "Malade Imaginaire". This will lead her to play the biggest part of her own life, exposing the dark secret that has led to Walentin's complete withdrawal from life and reality. True to the Molière tradition, from which it is derived in part, Villa Paradise-Paranoia is a heartwarming, multi-layered, serial-comical psychodrama that literally has something to offer everyone and just the right placement to be a kind of general To reach international reach earns it abundantly. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
