The young Mr. Lincoln was undoubtedly one of John Ford's great masterpieces and virtually went unnoticed at the time of his first release. No wonder, as 1939 saw the release of many of the greatest movies in the history of cinema, including the most mythical westerns in the history of the genre, John Ford's Stagecoach milestone, and many others, including Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Smith Washington, where the Oscar was included in the only category for which the young Mr. Lincoln was nominated. This is original script. <br /> <br /> It was still the most underrated Ford movie that was to disappear in the shadow of other John Ford masterpieces, but by the late 1950s, American and European film critics and historians took note the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein had written about the young Lincoln praising her and confirming that he would definitely be John Ford's Young if he had only had the opportunity to shoot a previously produced American film Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by this unquestioning predilection from Eisenstein, critics saw the film again, but with a slightly different look, and the film's reputation has since increased. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time that the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was brought to the screen. In the early 1930s, Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln, and in the same year as Ford's film, MGM released John Cromwell's film called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Strangely, both were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play, which was released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As far as John Ford's films are concerned, many directors, such as The Iron Horse or 1936 The Theory in 1924, easily find many references to life and deeds and even the death of a mythical figure of Lincoln Prisoner of the Shark Island The second, as well as the young Mr. Lincoln, uses the favorite song of Lincoln - Dixie as their favorite music theme. <br /> <br /> The script is based on a previously mentioned Stage Play and the biographies of Lincoln were written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was a rare occurrence for Ford, but the end result was just great - a script combining elements of the game with some historical facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning of the game. The life and law practice of Abraham Lincoln culminated in a witty, but heartbreaking process scene that is the highest point of the film and the Laughter and Tears generator It is in which Lincoln defends the two young brothers who are accused of murder and need to develop. They also help their mother when she is brought to court as a witness and the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) asks her to indicate which of her sons actually committed the murder, which has obviously obliged her to create the impossible The Ents to condemn one to death and the other to live. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very touching, heart-warming, and even funny movie with just fabulous performance by Henry Fonda in his towering Abraham Lincoln character and overwhelming effect The wealth of other characters, no matter how small or how tall they are epitomized by the wonderful and intelligent script, John Ford's genius is one of the finest achievements ever. An absolute must for all. 10/10
