My intuition of a director can produce material that needs just the right push in the right direction. The young Mr. Lincoln is filled with some "old-fashioned" values, which in retrospect are at least more respectable, despite their two-dimensional presentation, than they would be in the current cinema. What makes it so extremely good, as it is in all its simplicity and greatness, is that it is a really great court drama in the guise of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know Abraham Lincoln as the 16th President who emancipated and was assassinated after the Civil War. But as a lawyer in earlier years, he was charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places and a true gentleman. He's not a superhero who can not go wrong (which was Fonda's only concern before signing up), but a character with possible flaws that are surpassed by his innate goodness and clear view of right and wrong /> Suffice to say that John Ford is almost extraordinary as a storyteller without trying. Actually, it's a lie, he tries it, but he does it effortlessly in the studio system. He worked independently, while at the same time liking Zanuck, so he was quite left alone to use his own concise practices in "editing in the camera", and he did not push around, not far from the story vary. It is this power of conventional wisdom, which somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a kind of accompaniment to the full-blooded Americana of 1939, as seen in Mr. Smith Goes in Washington (only here is the law and not the law) Politics). <br /> <br /> Fonda is great in the lead - his first at Ford - and never lets Lincoln out of sight, behind the make-up and the added thrust in the shoes. Fonda's own personality, in a way that would be the case with Grapes of Wrath and My Darling Clementine, occurs in the figure of Lincoln. As unlikely as it may be, there is no one from this period who could have played him back then: He is mature and wise, but has the makings of witnessing a tortured murder he saw in this case. <br /> <br /> Only in small pieces, like this last shot of Lincoln walking down the street with his monument, and a few small examples during this big parade scene seem to be quite dated. As for the goals set by Young, Mr. Lincoln, everyone was reached by Ford, his crew, and his cast. It's not as funny as you might think, and it has a strong balance between humor and real pathos.
