1939 is widely considered to be the biggest year in Hollywood's history, with more classic films than any other, and John Ford led three of the best directors, "Stagecoach," "Drums Along the Mohawk," and this beautiful tribute to the Border Crossings and a young lawyer from the backwoods who was supposed to save the Union, "Young Mr. Lincoln." <br /> <br /> When the world plunged into a war that the US feared, but knew it would go to war, Abraham Lincoln was very pleased. People were in 1939 as someone in their own lives faced the same dilemma and won. On Broadway, Robert E. Sherwood's award-winning "Abe Lincoln in Illinois" starred with Raymond Massey's physically dead-footed performance in crowded homes (shot in 1940). Carl Sandburg's sequel to his epic biography "Abraham Lincoln: The War Years" was released and quickly became a bestseller. President Roosevelt frequently referred to Lincoln in his speeches, and the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC, became the city's most recognizable landmark (a fact Frank Capra used well in Mr. Smith's Goes to Washington) /> <br /> Darryl F. Zanuck did not lose all that at 20th Century Fox. As soon as he read Lamar Trotti's script on the beginnings of Lincoln's law practice, he described it as a "prestige" production and assigned John Ford as the director and Henry Fonda as the star. Fonda did NOT want to play Lincoln; He felt he did not live up to the Great Emancipator and feared that a poor performance could hurt his career. Even a filmed make-up test that baffled how much he resembled Lincoln would not change his mind. According to Fonda, John Ford, with whom he had never worked with, he was abused at his first meeting with a royal joke. He explained that he did not portray the Lincoln of Legend, but a young lawyer from "Jackanape", who was facing his first murder trial. Pressed Fonda took the role. (John Ford offered a different scenario of events, but the result was the same!) Obviously, they found a chemistry that worked, since almost all of their pairings would produce "classics." The introverted, melancholic Lincoln of "Abe Lincoln in Illinois "was Ford's vision of a shy, but sympathetic young lawyer who easily befriends and misses the lost mother, too young (which led to a connection with a pioneer mother) that became an integral part of the story). Injustice infuriates him and he uses "common sense" to suppress violence that is engulfed with canned humor. Both productions play in Lincoln's (undocumented) relationship with Ann Rutledge; In the Ford version, the two are really in love and committed to each other. After her death, Lincoln often visited her grave to share his life with her "spirit" (an issue that Ford continued in "She wore a yellow ribbon"). <br /> <br /> A murder trial is at the heart of the film and shows the amazing talents of the star and director. Fonda skillfully portrays Lincoln's inexperience, but the earnest belief in justice, which is tempered by mercy, and Ford emphasizes the gap between the urban intellectuals (represented by the pompous DA Donald Meek) and his adept "advisor" Stephen Douglas, played by a boy becomes Milburn Stone) and the informal, rule-governed Lincoln state sense. With Ford 'regular' Ward Bond as the most important witness, the process is both unconventional and captivating. <br /> <br /> With the closing of the film as Lincoln progresses into the stormy distance, and his fate (which dissolves in a perspective.) from the statue at the Lincoln Memorial), the audience was able to console the message of the movie that good would ultimately triumph. <br /> <br /> "Young Mr. Lincoln" is a really remarkable movie, from a great year!
