In his otherwise brilliant book, "Lincoln in American Memory," historian Merrill Peterson calls the young Mr. Lincoln a "boring, horrible movie." This astonishingly wrong analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely fine film critics. I'm working on a dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing the dissertation, I have made a meticulous analysis of this film and the outstanding interpretation of Tag Gallaghers in his trailblazing Ford book. The young Mr. Lincoln comes from the final year of the first phase of Ford's cinematic authorship, 1939. In this biggest Hollywood year, director has made three great, still under-appreciated films: Drums Along the Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr. Lincoln. It may seem strange to say Stagecoach is not fully appreciated. All but the purest critics have to realize that this is one of the biggest westerns and maybe even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. However, what is NOT fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - a triptych. Ford creates a kind of mythical history of America on the canvas. Drums Along the Mohawk is the Revolutionary War. The young Mr. Lincoln is America before the Civil War. After all, Stagecoach America is after the Civil War. Common to the three films is that it is an extended meditation on the American Adam and his "mission to the wilderness." What are the psychological and social costs of America's fate as America struggles to build a new human city in the wild? Lincoln symbolizes America's journey as he seeks to reconcile the civilizational impulse (law) with the freedom of the wild. Mr. Lincoln is not a story (it's full of historic "howlers" - as Ford and Trotti were well aware ), but the myth. This is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, the man of the wild, who seeks to establish a civilization within himself and become the "remarkable lawmaker" of young America. The young Mr. Lincoln is not a story-like James Agee long-forgotten film about Lincoln, and like Sandburg's biography, he's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
