<br /> <br /> Have you ever had the feeling of being watched, as if everyone was watching your movements? Remember, before you decide to break the law, the FBI will always be there. At the very least, that's the feeling you get after seeing the thrilling, but somewhat mature crime episode The FBI story. She traces the roots of the organization from a small office to one of the world's most modern facilities (1959), telling the story through her eyes with one of her agents, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart). <br /> Chip was from First day at the FBI, he likes to do his job over everything else in the world, sometimes even over his family. The story of the FBI traces his life by showing what he does as an agent and how to influence his private life. The film shows in a spectacular way, which cases the FBI treated and how they handle it. The audience sees chip blows against Ku Klux Klan fights, pursuing an Indian murder / estate scandal, bringing refugees into custody, rescuing hostages and helping in World War II. He even helped bring communist spies to justice. Stewart excels in a vaguely complex performance (as always) as the somewhat neurotic agent who may love his job a bit too much. One of the best parts of this movie is that we can see Chip working in both family life and in his job. We experience how he must suffer through the death of his best friend and then his son. We also observe that his wife has a miscarriage and his marriage has stony times. Almost all of his personal problems are due to the love of his profession. Vera Miles shows a spotty performance, which is nevertheless very convincing. She was never a brilliant actress, but she always had something appealing and attractive about her. Well maybe that's just me? Unfortunately, none of the other performances are worth mentioning, but the attention-grabbing story made me extremely interested. <br /> <br /> The cinematography of this film was impressive, especially the scenes in the South American jungle. The colors all had a texture that really defines the atmosphere of the movie. Maybe the biggest part of this movie was Mervyn Leroy's fabulous direction. Each scene was so fluid that they just curl up to tell a brilliant story. It's packed with awesome camera shots, some of which are very hitchcockish. <br /> <br /> All in all, the FBI story is a spectacular but overlooked movie. At two and a half hours, some spectators are intimidated, but if you have the chance, I recommend you jump into them. I enjoyed the spectacular performance of Jimmy Stewart and the fascinating story.
