In fact, the drug years suffer from one of those aspects in which mini-series or other documentary films on television are repeatedly screened for a few weeks. It's not long enough, in a sense. All the major bases of the decades are covered, and all are interesting to gain insight into postmodern history and from different sides. But it is almost not enough, or at least what is sometimes covered, will be forgiven once, if it had earned more time. For example, the information and details in Part Three about the entire process and the business of bulk drug delivery (sometimes marijuana, later cocaine) are really well presented, but there are other details that are still focused on the time it takes gives cover. <br /> <br /> Overall, although the documentary sheds light on the question of how drugs, pop culture, government interventions, the upper classes and the underclass, and into the suburbs all felt the surge of various drugs over the years Teamwork between everything very obvious. No one in the film - aside from potential small hints with the pot - can directly endorse drugs, but archive clips show how honest something is, sometimes fun, and then tragic to take certain drugs. The appearance of various staunch, ridiculous anti-drug officials pound some points down even in such an overview of the drug cultures and the connection of America as a whole, since there really is only one important point that is made several times by one of the interviewees. The only way to really approach the topic of drugs is not "just say no", because the war on drugs has shown that it is not as effective as you thought. It's really easy to get in on all sides about all the drugs and the people who are hypocritical (like Oxycontin on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it the great interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some TV recordings in the summer for young people (ie my age), who consider much of it as a nearly ancient story, though most of them are not older than a generation, as well as for "old" people who can think a few decades later on the big summits, the careless times and then the disillusionment, reinforced by the same media they propagated and advertised years ago. There are those who may find the documentary particularly biased, which is not entirely untrue, but it tries to bring the social, political, and entertaining situation of drugs (for better or obviously worse) into a fascinating perspective.
