While movie titles include the word "mother," the first thing that comes to mind is the love of a mother for her children. <br /> <br /> The mother, however, tells a different story The mother does not discuss the love between a mother and her child or how she sacrifices herself for the benefit of her child. Roger Michell, director of Notting Hill, tells us how a mother's love for a man of about half her age hurts the people around her. <br /> <br /> Before taking on the role of James Bond, Daniel Craig plays Darren, a man who helps to renovate the mother's son's house, and he also sleeps with her daughter. Anne Reid, a familiar face in TV series, takes on the challenging role of the main character, Mai. The story begins with May coping with the sudden loss of her husband Toot's in a situation family visit to her son Bobby. While she befriends Darren, a craftsman renovating at Bobby's house, she was shocked to discover that her daughter Paula slept with Darren. At the same time, May coped with the afterlife of Toots. Fearing that Harry and Paula did not want her, May starts taking her life off the train until she spends her afternoon with Darren. Darren was nice and kind to May, and May soon finds affection for Darren. Instead of treating him like a friend, she treated the man, who was about half his age, with the love of a couple. Later, May found sexual pleasure in Darren, where he gave her the pleasure she could not find in anyone else. And this is the beginning of the catastrophe that could lead to the collapse of a family. The mother explores the inner world of a widow who wanted to try something she had never had in her life, and consolation for someone who is there for her to hold on to. This can be said to buy tea-time snacks for Darren in May to meet the sexual needs of a man who is younger than her, where she eventually had more than she had expected, as she had previously been for her various roles in TV series became known. Since she does not have many movies in her CV, The Mother has made her aware of the critic. Daniel Craig, however, had taken on a similar role in his film career, such as Sylvia (2003) and Enduring Love (2004). If his role as James Bond is not right, film critics should not forget that he performs better in his small film productions in small productions, and The Mother is one of them. The mother can not Be everyone's favorite, but it's definitely not an ordinary matinée show, with tea and scones, accompanied by butter and jam.
