With the death of her weakened husband May, an elderly woman faces a future in an urban world that she considers invisible, dead and unwelcome in the pseudo-sophisticated yuppie homes of her son Bobby and his flat-headed wife, Helen and Paula , a selfish, attached and minimally gifted daughter. The central family is anything but warm-hearted, supportive, and understanding for their new and tragic phase in life with the death of their husbands. The mother is a calm character study, showing that in some societies older parents are unwelcome and a burden on adult children whose careers and aspirations for status outshine everything else. <br /> <br /> When May realizes that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her libido alive and lives with her daughter's friend, a carpenter and a rough guy. May begins an unrestrained sexual affair with Darren, whose character she initially sympathizes with, but his flawed nature is quickly revealed by the pressures of the women surrounding him. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of role that Hollywood plays to lull actresses of a certain age is never written for them, but they would never appear because of the openness of the movie, the overt sexuality, the unflattering wardrobe, little Make-up and the social commentary on the dullness of society that most women in the film industry have entrenched. The performance of leading actress Anne Reid ranges from quiet to dizzy and her interpretation blossoms on the canvas, from the dreary widow to a sexually-living and liberated middle-aged woman without facelift, hair extensions and liposuction. She bares more than her soul for the screen. Daniel Craig is the skilled artisan, Derrek, who houses his mother and daughter. He turns away with another outstanding accomplishment that first appeals to the widow's situation, but ultimately to salvation as his true nature unfolds, and he is literally the cockerel in a chicken coop. The inability of his aimless character, the ex-wife, the boring girlfriend and the mother to say no, is blamed as the root of his ineffective existence. Although he is well able to build a winter garden, he can not construct meaning in his life. One of Britain's best films for years is simply grown up in its plot. The Mother is the rare kind of movie that may be too honest for American audiences to endure no car chases, no bling, no rap soundtrack to drown out the cretin performances of TV starlets and buff-stud muffins , The mother reflects on how the aging baby boomers are now available and are overlooked by the offspring, sent to the retirement home and out of the way. May does not know what to do, as Darren brings her to life. She is not ready to go to the elderly and finds out that her children are more conservative than ever before in her age.
