This is a great movie that deals with a potentially exploitative topic with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, who was best known in the UK for her television roles, including "Dinnerladies" (a Victoria Wood series on in-house catering staff, if you ask yourself), gives a finely tuned interpretation of May, a late '60s -Years-Surviving mother of two adults in a London borough. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies during her visit to the male of the latter kind (Bobby), and we see that the couple is rather casually welcomed by Bobby and his family. However, Mays teacher daughter Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) lives nearby and the relationship between May and Paula seems closer at first. So, if May decides that she can not live in her own home and return to London, she can stay in Paula's house and take a little care of the empathetic offspring of Paula's child. <br /> <br /> It is on Mays's visit to Bobby's house that she is involved in an affair with Darren, a friend of Bobby's mid-thirties, who works on an extension of the house. In perhaps the first British mainstream movie to portray him, it is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig *) who initiates the encounter, and at least the relationship seems to be built on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least in the DVD I've seen: differences in the IMDb cast list suggest other versions), and the physical basis of the affair is handled directly but not exploitively. More detailed is the relationship between May and her daughter Paula, who was recently converted to "Therapy and Self-Exploration". She announces that Mummy has never supported her. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she finds May's explicit, but rather poor drawings of Darren and May together, it goes dramatically, but controlled downhill. Only in an English film could a daughter possibly announce that she will beat her mother, politely ask her to stand up and neatly attack her. Meanwhile, May is drawn into a supposed relationship with a decent but older (of her own generation) member of the Paulas group. The difference between the subsequent unwanted traffic and their affair with Darren is made clear; At this point, May begins to admit Paula, and Darren's worm begins to spin (he reveals about cocaine that he may have been after her money, if not all the time, but for part of the ride). May turns out to be superfluous for the needs of her two children and eventually returns home (later leaves a plane for new pastures). <br /> <br /> The strength of the film is that it plays with a relentless but sympathetic truth the nature of the current relationships between parents and siblings, in which the bereaved can feel the surviving parent alone, as if no one is for would take care of him. This is not new, but the openness of representing sexual needs in over-60s may well be. The darkness of the film's content from a screenplay by Hanif Kureishi contrasts with the way it is illuminated (it seems to be an eternal summer), and the general mood rises - it could easily have been another piece in a grumpy and rainy England. The end may be signed because we do not know where May is going and how long - maybe she's Shirley Valentine with a boarding house, she's certainly not a Picasso. However, Anne Reid is a good actor whose professional life has certainly changed forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (said by Paul Newman): "It's about your image of Mary Poppins {read dinnerladies}". <br /> <br /> * Yes, he announced the new James Bond in October 2005.
