It's hard to imagine that a director with as much shit as Notting Hill can tackle something as sensitive and attractive as this, but here's the evidence and it's very compelling. Some have pointed to TV dramas, and yes, this sometimes has a feel for Play from 70's, but it's always a cut, mostly because of a pretty over-the-top drama by Anne Reid and a fine script that Boxes is a cliché without ever getting on your nose, except maybe right at the end. (I did not like the tracking shot of indifferent goodbyes down the hall nor the mindful beautiful morning scene: she deserved a more thorough finale than I think, after all the hard work.) The slippers The business was also a bit OTT (Considerations) /> <br /> What I mean by avoiding cliché: Well, I had a sinking expectation that the "mature" daughter May would be trying to build her as a disgusting old hole in two dimensions with her daughter Contrast painterly at the attractive, virile young kink he is unconsciously competing with, instead we get an unexpectedly subtle and sympathetic cameo from a lonely, awkward, not-so-unlikely and very human guy who still has no idea about a woman Around this point, I started to sit up and pay more attention, here was a screenplay that was the Schausp I let everyone breathe and made something interesting with relatively small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this regard (apart from the invented Katharses, to which the latter inexplicably turns up). <br /> <br /> And of course I was, as probably everyone, amazed by what Anne Reid does with her character and with it her body. She is / not / "the repressed, dutiful housewife who discovers herself for the first time", that's way too simplistic for the character we have. Again and again there are allusions to her being a "bad housewife", not to mention making trays and trying to look gracious and pretty and just awkward. The daughter accuses her of "sitting in front of the TV all day" and not whatever her maternal duties might be: she has no answer. She was never an exemplary woman and mother, at least not for herself. So much of the dignity, the feeling that someone was wasting a life when he tried to fulfill a role in which she simply was not good, comes from it ,
