THE TENANTS began in 1971 as a short novel by the now deceased Bernard Malamud - writer / philosopher - and examined the conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the burning atmosphere of Brooklyn when the book was written. As a novel, the story was really painfully real: as written by the novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also direct) into a script, it's more of a cerebral dissertation, which is gradually taking effect in the last few moments. <br /> <br Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish writer who has a book under his belt, but is currently trying to complete his "newest" book ten years after writing. Convinced that he must complete the novel in the same environment in which he started. He is the only tenant in a convicted rental property in Brooklyn, owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "buy" Harry's lease so the dirty, rundown building can be demolished. Into this atmosphere penetrates another black militant, quasi-anti-Semitic writer Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), whom Harry befriends, hides, and offers the aspiring writer the help to write about the deaths of all whites. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to conflict. Last but not least, Harry's meeting with Willie's girlfriend, the white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne), is at a less than friendly gathering of Willie's militant black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on the run and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie learns of the task and is further criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins to descent not only a delicate friendship, but also a competition between writers. The ending "shows the smooth nature of human condition and man's capacity for violence and undoing". The actors do their best with a script that's a bit awkward, but despite the lines it borders on preaching, they create credible characters. Cinematography enhances the story, keeping the mood moist and dense, confined primarily to the condemned building. The music appropriately uses the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to underline the suspense and isolation of each of these groundless characters. Although it takes some patience to get through the cerebral hikes, the movie is worth a look at the end. At least it tries to replicate Malamud's bizarre view of life in the big city. Grady harp
