As Jack Nicholson's directorial drive "Drive" He Said at least indicates that he is a gifted director of actors. Even if history seems to be losing its way to the audience (and to a modern audience - if it can be found, which appears on eBay over and over again - it seems more free than they think), the film contains vivid imagery, interesting characterizations , The film tells the story of two college kids: The protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, on whom a breakout performance borders), a star of the leopards, the college basketball team, in which he plays. While dealing with a trainer (Bruce Dern) who exerts the pressure to stay focused, and a friend (Karen Black) with her own emotional issues, there is the other child, Gabriel (Michael Margotta). Gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than scared of being able to be formulated, so in his own radical state of mind, he does what he can to stay away. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his rising fame and those he loves, Gabriel transcends the threshold of reason during the basketball scenes, it is tense and the darkness is translated into documentary feeling in many other scenes. And from Tepper, Black and even Robert Towne (including Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible, who seldom acts), he receives credible acting work. In Tepper there is a tendency to downplay his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he might seem sarcastic, he does not play it for what it's worth. With Margotta, on the other hand, there is a living, twisted power in his performance, and when he descends it is frightening, but perhaps understandable from the time (and what a climax). Incidentally, Dern steals most of his scenes in a performance that should have earned him an Oscar nomination. Every line of his dialogue is appropriate, true and never gets hammered like in the last movie performances. <br /> <br /> However, what pulls the movie down is that elements that affect the characters are not explained as much as you want more. The film is based on a novel by Jeremy Larner who wrote the screenplay with Nicholson, and I expected the movie to be longer than it was. It is a slender volume with much information about time, about sport, about the underlying feelings that were with those of the younger generation. Nicholson introduces us to these characters and situations, and seldom is shown what motivates them (the anti-war demonstrators are not there, their part is understandable enough). Gabriel is worried about what is going on in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a man who fears being drafted into the NBA, and he still likes to play, but what holds him back? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, as was the college / basketball experience of the late 1960's, but this intriguing quality, which leads to a certain unconventionality, is kept at a point where it can not go on. All in all, the overall effect of the film is bittersweet and somewhat memorable for its good points, and not for the low ones. And you can safely say who is behind the lens. B +
