Eric Rohmers "The Lady and the Duke". could have used a better translation for the title. "The English wife and the Duke" might have been more accurate. While it's obvious that this movie is not for everyone, considering the comments on this forum, it's worth it because, despite the complicated pattern of the story, Mr. Rohmer has created a movie that is considered an art exhibit in an exhibition can museum. The mixed technology used in the movie works well in the end. The strange story of Grace Elliott, a noble lady who was the lover of the King of England and the French Duc d'Orleans. keeps our attention The venue is Paris in the days after the French Revolution. The country was in turmoil and power was in the hands of the people the aristocrats did not care about. The pictures show the agitators who walked around with heads of famous people right after their trip to the guillotine. The relationship between Grace and Duc was over, but she remains a true friend of the great man who is in danger of losing his own mind. Grace goes through all the horrors around her without being able to escape. She even has an enemy in her own house, in the form of the cook, Pulcherie, who would not hesitate to denounce her at the slightest provocation. <br /> <br /> Looking at the film sometimes gives the viewer the impression that you are on a journey through the Louvre, looking at these huge canvases that represent this crucial epoch of French history. Rather than bothering us with the digitization process, we found it to be an improvement to the film in many ways. <br /> <br /> Lucy Russell, as Grace Elliott, is doing well to portray this woman who has seen a lot during her lifetime. Her French seems to be excellent, as she seems to speak fluently. As Duc d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreyfus has made a fantastic contribution that makes us believe that he is the nobleman himself without trying. The side cast was great as well. As an ensemble piece, Mr. Rohmer gets good performances everywhere. <br /> <br /> For lovers of history, "The Lady and the Duke" will be an interesting movie thanks to the vision of Eric Rohmer.
