This is a pretty amazing movie. With digital technology, director Rohmer literally put his living actors into painted backdrops. Mostly this works great, especially at the beginning, where the movie comes to life like a pop-up story book. It is less successful in some scenes where it limits camera angles (for example, they did not paint the side of some buildings), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film based on our own misconceptions History as history itself. It is narrated in the memoirs of Grace Elliott, the ex-lady of the Duc d'Orleans. An event usually described by Marxist historians, especially in France, as one of their events, is narrated here from the point of view of an aristocratic foreigner. Inevitably, another point of view arises - there can be no objective representation. The use of the memoir device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the story most interesting about the death of the king. A staunch royalist shocked her when the Duc voted for the death of the king (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is likely to be helpful in pursuing the dialogue between Grace and Duc here.) He was Louis Cousin and was elected to the assembly himself, where he was elected (changed his name immediately to Philip Equality) The filming of Louis' death is masterful Grace and her maid are in Meudon, outside of Paris, watching from a hill with a telescope and we do not see the execution 'We only hear the commentary of the girl like Grace The most dramatic event of the revolution takes place off the screen Grace can not bear to see her king killed, her view is that of an aristocrat, any justification for Louis' death lies literally above their vision, this is a powerful, ingenious film production, the love story between the Duc and Grace is undermined created, never told and is powerful (the Duc sometimes looks a bit pompous fool; what does she see in him? No consideration of the taste). The undercurrents of insanity (which simply exist to be a suspect) that sweep individuals into a time like the Revolution are illustrated when Grace's life is turned upside down, her home is searched daily, and yet she commands her Servants to cook them food and can not get dressed! If you're even interested in a subtle, well-told film, skilfully using the new technology to tell an old story, or portraying a defining moment in European history that tells of an aristocratic foreigner, her ultimate outsider then this is the case is worth your time. It's a little slow, but your patience will be well rewarded.
