Like many Americans, I was first introduced to the work of Hayao Miyazaki when I saw Spirited Away. I fell in love with the movie and saw it many times. Now I am looking for every movie by Miyazaki. One of his earlier works is "Castle in the Sky". Although it's still fun, it's not as good as "Spirited Away" (though perhaps it's unfair to compare this or any other movie to its 2002 masterpiece). A boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working late in a mine when he sees a girl slowly falling from the sky. When she wakes up the next morning, she introduces herself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before he knows it, Pazu is drawn into an adventure that endangers him with pirates, the army, and a lost floating city. <br /> <br /> A movie by Hayao Miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many filmmakers have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and awe like Miyazaki. When you watch a film by Miyazaki, you will experience a fantastic childhood dream. <br /> <br /> Because the movie is animated, dubbing the movie is not a problem, as it's almost impossible to determine if that's the case, the lip movements match the words. It also helps that the translated dialogue is well written and voiced by talented actors. The speech output is diverse. James Van Der Beek is best. He brings an irresistible excitement and excitement to the role of Pazu, which is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She is afraid of the events that are going on around her, but she knows what she has to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as the evil Muska. He is dangerous and wants something from Sheeta and will do anything to get it. The other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is terrible like Dola. Leachman may have won an Oscar for "The Last Picture Show," but as a pirate leader, she's annoying. Leachman gives the character a hideous squeak that is almost always monotonous. It's so bad it almost ruins the movie! Jim Cummings is an effective voice actor, but he is a miscast as a general. <br /> <br /> I would definitely recommend seeing "Castle in the Sky". I'll probably buy it myself in the end. Although it's not as good as "Spirited Away," it's still pretty good.
