CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third movie of the master animator and is one of the most popular films of all time. His name is originally from the Japanese name LAPUTA (because it was an offensive phrase for which director Hayao Miyazaki had no idea at the time). The disappointment at the box office in 1986 was initially a disappointment and was greeted by critics and audiences around the world. CASTLE IN THE SKY is inspired by Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels. It's an action adventure about steampunk about two young orphans - the young miner Pazu and the mysterious girl Sheeta (who wears a magical crystal around her neck) - who band together to find the long-lost island of Laputa, which is claimed to be that she possesses great riches and jewels. They are backed by a group of limping but likeable air pirates, led by the fiery Dola (who first chases them, but turns out to be true allies) and led by the government led by their malignant top secret agent Muska, who wants The Force from Laputa for his own benefit. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for a fun way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice and offers just the right amount of humor, exploration, astonishment and mystery to keep you interested. While the artwork is not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later films, it's fantastic and great to watch it with imaginative characters and locations, unbelievably exciting action scenes, and breathtaking sequences that make you dizzy. And while the characters who populate this story are less complex than Miyazaki's other works, they each have a memorable, endearing personality that remains to the viewer long after the movie ends. In particular, Dola makes for a terrific cartoon character, which gives her weakened sons orders in a moment and the next moment offers protection from Sheeta. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creations ever to appear as an irrevocable rogue, but like Dola, he masters every scene he's in, with an eerie aura that's both seductive and cool. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often likened it to Gainax's sci-fi adventure series NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. After all, both works have similar stories and character traits ... not to mention that both were created by Miyazaki himself. Where both are different, lies in their execution. While charming, NADIA half-way into a wrong turn turned into a cartoon nonsense that almost distracted from the main plot, even though it had a strong ending. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, remains consistently entertaining and focused during its two-hour run and is therefore all the better. While the film's epic tone is sometimes interrupted by "cartoonish" moments, such as a brawl between Paza's boss and one of Dola's sons, it's never going to spoil the movie. <br /> <br /> About eleven years ago, Disney released an English version featuring a cast of celebrities such as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, and some cameo appearances by veterans like Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also contains an ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi's beautiful music for a performance by the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself). As much as purists have cried blasphemy for their occasional additional dialogues and the aforementioned rescores, Miyazaki had no such problems; In fact, he is said to have applauded the revision, and for good reason, because the newly recorded music is really the star of the new dub. While there are some cases in which some critically silent scenes from the original Japanese are a bit shattering (especially the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), the overall rework is fantastic and enhances the original in many ways, especially in scenes such as when a robot attacks a fortress and the climatic moments towards the end. Here Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and his genius for the assignment of music to images. <br /> <br /> At the dub events, the leads are probably at the short end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu sounds much more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that occasionally wavers (a problem that actually works in favor of the character). In other words, both do a good job overall and provide a fairly credible chemistry. However, it is the lively supporting actor that makes this dub really funny, especially Dola by Cloris Leachman and Muska by Mark Hamill. Both are perfectly staffed and steal every scene they are in. Like the Rescore, these two really justify listening to the Disney Dub. The customization of the script sometimes borders on the loose side - there are quite a few extra lines and / or comments (some of which are priceless and sometimes over the top) - but apart from at least one controversial change (Sheeta's speech in "If the World can not live without love "(unlike the original" you can not survive without Mother Earth "), the overall characters, the story and the mind remain pretty true to the original. Overall, it makes little sense to use the original version of the Disney version. Each one gives his own legend to his legendary masterpiece, and I like both. (They're also better than Streamline / JAL's more verbatim but terribly robotic, lifeless, scandalous, and poorly written older dubbing back in the late 1980s, do not think so that this version of Disney's is "superior" to Disney's - trust me, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> In any case, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. It's one of Miyazaki's greatest experiences, and I highly recommend it.
