Castle in the Sky is without doubt a film by Hayao Miyazaki. After seeing it for the first time, I'm glad to say it does not disappoint. On the contrary, you get your time worth it, which means (as far as Miyazaki's films are concerned), that's no less than excellent! <br /> <br /> Castle in the Sky was produced early in its film career and awaits many of the brands in its later films. Strong (but young) female characters, who had to grow up due to external circumstances, helped with very interesting (and sometimes endearing) supportive characters. And of course, the usual fight of nature against civilization, flying machines (lots of !!), beautiful landscapes? but unfortunately no pigs (at least I noticed that, after all, I have only seen it once). Nevertheless, Miyazaki had already two years earlier his theatrical debut with Nausicãa, a dress rehearsal for Princess Mononoke, his opus Magnum. Castle in the Sky is a bit removed from these two, with a gentle action that looks like his television series Conan and his directors from Meitantei Holmes in the first 30 minutes. Here we are introduced to Sheeta, a girl who literally falls from the sky but only from Pazu, a little boy who works in a small mining town. Fascinated by her amnesia and the suspicion of a connection between her and the mysterious flying city of Laputa, Pazu wants to help her find out where she is coming from as she escapes the army and a fleet of air pirates. As the film progresses, the storyline becomes heavier and more interesting, which shows Myiazaki at his best. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack is reminiscent of Spirited Away (or vice versa, when Castle in the Sky was first produced) and, like its director Joe Hisaishi, the composer starts with a very light score. this becomes more complex and nicely fitting as the plot progresses! A nod to the English dub with a good interpretation of the two main stars, though Anna Paquin's Sheeta has a very dense accent (which the actress still had in her career at that point) and one goes to Mark Hamil as Muska and makes a delightful, but vicious villains make up! <br /> <br /> Do not miss these people!
