Hayao Miyazaki 's second feature film and his first film to be both commercially and critically praised (though his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind - is considered by many to be his best),' Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta 'AKA' Castle at Heaven "Compared to his recent masterpieces like" Kiki's Delivery Service "," Mononoke-hime "and" Spirited Away ", it may sound" childish and simple ", but in 1986 it was years ahead of its time and it was one of the milestones The Modern Anime It is important to know that "Castle in the Sky" was written two years before the revolutionary "Akira", and although it is not provocative and controversial as the aforementioned masterpiece, the main characters are mainly basic characters of the Manga. Hero / heroine / villain character and the story is pretty predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards) .Miyazaki's designs and animation work are standards that never match or were seen. While the story and humor are sometimes stupid and outdated, the movie is still entertaining and very enjoyable - though not as breathtaking as "Spirited Away." And if you want to see the beauty of the frames yourself and ignore the low budget color and animation colors and identical twin faces, then Miyazaki is still true to his roots and the agreed standards of Japanese animation I'll see Miyazaki's genius shine through just like Spirited Away and Mononoke. While 'Castle in the Sky' is a sci-fi adventure and is great for kids, it fits in better with classic anime than anything else it has done since. His motives and principles, however, show and play an important role. More to say would be to ruin the movie, so please shut up. Suffice to say that I only give it nine stars, because if I gave ten, I could not go higher for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> Like most anime movies, I recommend the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a word of Japanese - the English overdubs just do not do anything. tends to be very good, and in this case, it's just awful. However, you might want to see it in the English version just to laugh and star-studded cast (the English dub was only recorded after the success of 'Spirited Away', as in 'Kiki's Delivery Service') - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, the Dawson guy!) Take over the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from 'Star Wars', if you do not know it!) Plays the villain and other roles are filled with Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Brother Tuck of Kevin Costner's Robin Hood travesty) and Mandy Patinkin (hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) are laughing or laughing a few really. But first look at the Japanese.
