It's always difficult to label a movie as "the best", whether from a certain time, genre or whatever you are, but I believe there is a strong argument that Laputa is actually the best animated film ever made has been. It is, in my opinion, the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of Japan's animated directors, and best demonstrates his strengths as a director, storyteller, and designer, and sums up all his favorite subjects. The version I'm talking about is the 2003 American dub (I know, a sacrilege for a hardcore anime fan who does not see him in his native tongue); There is at least one more English dubbing, I have them on VHS (I have no idea which source), and this version is the best single I've ever seen of a movie. But I thought it would be better to focus on the version that people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek), who grew up in a mining town. One day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. It seems she's being followed by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal hanging around her neck. To keep things alive, there is also a nasty, funny pirate gang after the Crystal, led by the aging but still boisterous Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to reveal the location of the fabled flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific discoveries and hidden treasures. It all fits into a fairytale setting, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far he should bring the story, and the storyline is full of 'gosh wow' moments and is influenced by his usual morality and the warnings about the abuse of nature. ' br /> <br /> Nearly twenty years later, Laputa's design is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds abound, absolutely impossible, but so carefully constructed that you can accept them without blinking. The world takes place at the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and antique cars next to these wonderful impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself that is sheer brilliance in execution; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the fire of the heavens themselves, and in this juxtaposition lies the charm, the power and the danger. <br /> <br /> Laputa is not only a well thought-out film, but also a beautifully rendered film with a wonderful sense of cinematography. From extended aerial photographs to high-speed chases on small one-man airplanes to ships that dive into the clouds like water, Laputa shows a spectrum that covers most movies. also with the magic of CGI? can only dream. Although we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the bounds of the frame and we have no trouble believing it. The film also contains one of my favorite sequences, if not the most exciting action sequences ever: a ground-based guard robot is inadvertently reactivated, leading to devastation on the fortress where it is being held. Meanwhile, he tries to protect Sheeta the one who woke it up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates dash onto their small flying machines to literally rip them out of the jaws of destruction. From the terrible sight of the robot, which ruins the landscape, to the exciting rescue in seconds, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles, and the exact knowledge of how far the audience are to drive. Laputa has an amazing score , Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wondrous beauty of the world, the dewy innocence, the exciting action, and the spooky strangeness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guards. Though he re-recorded them for this DVD release (which IMO is not an improvement on his original score) and added pieces here and there, the score fits in perfectly with the visual elements, a rare set of sound and vision. <br /> <br /> That's not a bad dub. I like the older English dub excessively, and this one explains things just a little bit in points, but I was almost shocked how exactly those voices matched this and the Japanese pretty well. Especially Dola is hard to find, but Leachman is just right for the fiery old pirate woman (her sons are not quite as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, though I knew he was early, is more than talented enough to make Muska (I liked the other English dub of Muska a bit more, but Hamill is good). Much of the movie rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. When I listened to him, I thought that crew had access to the other English dubs because VDB was very close to the original Pazu. Even though I once again saw a dub, that is a cause for excommunication among the Otaku believers. As much as I love this movie too, I do not think you sacrifice much if you only look at this particular Anglicized version. John Lassiter from Pixar introduces him, and I suspect that he, like so many others, loves this movie so much that he made a great effort to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films that I did not particularly care about), but for me Laputa is still his crowning glory. Anyone familiar with their later work will most likely enjoy this earlier work, and this film is a master at the top of its mold and strikes every cylinder. I would pay a lot of money to see this on a big screen. That will probably never happen, but it's good to know that at least this classic was obtained on DVD.
