By now, you've probably heard something about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic Laputa: Castle In The Sky. In the late summer of 1998, Disney released the movie "Kiki's Delivery Service," which featured a preview of the Laputa dub in which it said it was planned to be "1999". It's obviously long gone, but the dub is finally finished. And it's not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", just "Castle In The Sky" for Dub, as Laputa is not such a nice word in Spanish (though they often use the word Laputa during dub). You've also probably heard that world-renowned composer Joe Hisaishi, who originally shot the film, reinterpreted the excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa came out ahead of My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa from the Valley of the Wind, which started Studio Ghibli and his long line of hits. In my opinion, it's one of Miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson in this two-hour and four-minute gem. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages, and I urge everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with Castle in the Sky, it starts at the beginning and does not stop for the next two hours. Storytelling is so flawless and masterful that you see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me, it's a fantastic one. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a helluva past, as she is being held by the government on an airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a long-lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a saintly devotee that many have, namely the government, the military and the air pirate group, the Dola gang (who later becomes friends with Sheeta and Pazu). Soon the pirates attack the ship and it escapes during the raid. She falls a few thousand feet, but the case is soft and thanks to her trailer. As she glides down from heaven, Pazu, an orphan who survives working in the mines, sees Sheeta and captures her. The two become fast friends, but thanks to their supporters, the two rush into a racy drive as the Dola gang and the government try to capture Sheeta. One after the other, we learn all the motives and identities of the character as we reach the emotional and action-packed climax that will surely delight everyone with its fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. Plus some curvy surprise. I think this movie is just remarkable and lasts two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful as we engage in Hayao Miyazaki's animation that knows no bounds. The backdrop of the film is a combination of many periods. It actually seems to take place at the end of the 19th century, but it is an alternative universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The movie has a lot of funny moments that are close to the drama and action of the movie. I think the funniest part is a fight scene in which Pazu's boss faces a pirate, and shortly thereafter an uprising breaks out. It's weird to see the men compare their strength and the music fits them perfectly. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the dub rate. A great cast provides great benefits to bring these characters to life. The youthful heartbreaker James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much older voice than in the Japanese version, where he sounded more childlike in the original. In any case, I think his voice fits Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of The Piano, plays Sheeta. This is also a nice performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, it does not stick to an accent. Sometimes it sounds as American as apple pie, sometimes it sounds like someone from New Zealand. The performance that I enjoyed most was Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is this an excellent performance, but the voice and the feeling it gives the character really bring it to life. If there ever was a live action Laputa movie (Gd ban), she would be the one who plays it. You can just imagine them in the role (well, something). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another top performance from Hamill. You may know Hamill from a long line of language work after making the original Star Wars movies, but he makes Muska evil. His voice sounds like his normal voice and mix of the joker that he played for many episodes of the animated Batman series. Rounding out the cast is vocal character actor Jim Cummings, who, as a general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola gang, does a great, lousy job. Now I want to talk about what really makes this dub special, Joe Hisaishi's newly arranged music! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi does the music and like all Miyazaki films, the music is very memorable. Each of his scores has his own personalities that fit perfectly with the film in question. Now these new arrangements are more "American", which I think was the goal of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic melodies of the Japanese version are still in good shape. The score sounds like a Hollywood blockbuster to me. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. The film's prologue, the first few seconds we're introduced to the airships, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I think when we saw the ships for the first time, there was no music at all). However, much of the music offers new backgrounds and more background music to enjoy. Things seem to be much improved. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. It's quieter in a quiet scene. Overall, I think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements and mixes, which I have done very well myself, and I personally think it helps to improve the movie. I prefer the new score of the old one, and I hope Disney will release or license the music rights for a full-blown soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another plus of dub is that the story remains true and much of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I am sure that a few lines have changed, and lines have changed in the same way. But a majority is near or exactly the original line and dialogue that Miyazaki has written. I was afraid some excellent lines would be slaughtered, but they were intact. Some new lines have been added to help. However, I am not sure if I should consider this as a good or a bad thing. Disney did NOT translate the keynote, it was in Japanese. I was ashamed when they made completely new songs for the Kiki-Dub, but with this version it's the original piece ... in Japanese. I think it's fine, it's still the original, but bad, as a majority of people who have seen this dub speak English of the character's lips. Of course, it will not be perfect in any dub, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke, the proper syncs were done a lot better (and Disney had a little more time with them ...). Sometimes everything fits together perfectly, sometimes it does not quite match, and in rare cases someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene where Sheeta laughs and her mouth does not move a bit). <br /> <br /> As far as the movie itself is concerned, these are my thoughts. I thought that the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed that you just have to watch awesome. You see the true nature of each character, its detail with extreme close-ups and action. You have to give a lot of credit for the trouble these animators put into this movie. Everything is so well done and beautifully hand-drawn, it's like a moving piece of art. And to think, this was done in the mid-eighties. The animation is very different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flare, which is very different, but very good. And after all these years the colors are as vivid as ever. Laputa also has a lot of action sequences, a lot of plane fights and a few on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so intriguing that it is scary that they are comparable to a high budget action movie. And you definitely have to see the finale. The sound effects are pure and classic and go well with explosions, firearms and anything else. And as with all Miyazaki films, everyone focuses on a different topic (eg Kiki: Confidence). This one has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not know how greed can overcome you and how much power is not good. The humans are obsessed with power and greedy, and the main villain Muska shows this great. All in all, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie and is now for the most part improved. I am glad that a mainstream audience now has the chance to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With a great cast that has put a lot into the movie with the great redone music of Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a good job on this dub and is quite worthy. Although I think that the voices in the Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney Dubs are better suited to the mouths, Castle In The Sky is still a great dub and well worth the long delays, as you can now experience more fantastic films.
