No matter what personal opinion one may have of Walerian Borowczyk's grotesque but beautiful gem "La bête" of 1975, one has to admit that this bizarre jewel is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. Borowczyk's erotic fairy tale has long been banned in several countries, and it is obvious why this controversial gem fell prey to stuporous cine-censors. "La bête" is a fascinating mix of intense and beautiful fairytale atmosphere, explicit eroticism and real comedy, which courageously makes no compromises. The fact that the beast (a species) is one of the film's main themes did not help with the censorship, but it has made it very controversial and has therefore made it known to a wider audience. Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), head of a French noble family, has married his somewhat demented son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), the young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family. Due to an old curse Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French estate, Lucy is immediately captivated by a portrait of the 18th century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and an old book of bizarre drawings. The story soon turns into a bizarre sexual feverish dream ... Without betraying too much, I can say that fans of exceptional cinemas should not miss this movie. As bizarre as it is, "La bête" is undoubtedly breathtaking in style, scenery and cinematography. The fever dream-like atmosphere is present inside and outside dream sequences. The forest estate and imposing family villa provide a magnificent backdrop, and the beautiful film music and incredible cinematography create an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. The very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, gorgeous actresses) to seriously denied and even disgusting (close-ups of the genitals of the horses during intercourse, ...); In both cases it will probably not be forgotten. The entire cast of "La bête" is fantastic and everyone involved delivers great performances in eccentric characters (some of which are seriously denied). The film benefits from an extraordinarily beautiful cast, be it Lisbeth Hummel at the helm, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of AIDS in 1999) as the ancestor in the dream sequences or the relatively unknown, but particularly gorgeous actress Pascale Rivault. Who plays the aristocratic daughter who ever takes the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a closet. I purposely do not give a complete description of the most important parts of the plot, as they must simply be seen to be believed. Some scenes are among the most bizarre films ever captured in the film, including the scenes with the eponymous beast. Certainly not for everyone, but highly recommended for fans of controversial and unusual cinemas. A true cult jewel!
