The Polish filmmaker Walerian Borowczyk's La Bête (French, 1975, aka The Beast) is one of the most controversial and courageous films ever made, and is also very good. This film tells everything that has usually been hidden about our nature and our sexual nature, especially the symbolism and silence of its images. The pictures may look wild, perverted, "sick" or exciting, but they are related to the latter. Sex, desire and death are very strong and priority things and dominate all flesh in which a human soul is. They interest and seduce us so much (and through our nature) that they are considered weird, unacceptable and too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a French country to meet her soon-to-be husband, with whom she had a letter. Everyone is very excited and each other's parents and relatives are impatiently waiting for new people to come to their families. The innocence of the young bride shines through and no one knows what can happen, and wakes up in the walls of the large and beautiful French manor house with all its people and animals and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something the characters and even most viewers of the film could never have imagined being real and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> The film is about the same subject as the Canadian David Cronenberg (Debyt) Shivers (1975). This happens in a huge luxury building where destructive and bloody parasites spread through sexual contact from person to person, making people angry and violent in their lust for pleasure and instinctive fulfillment. Man has instincts that can be stronger than his will, and therefore these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of another animal, an animal, be it pool of blood, revenge or sex, and carnal pleasure. Humans are only animals that have the intelligence and tools to convey them. But as we are also animals, this intelligence is not always needed too much, as you can see everywhere in the environment. The film begins very shocking for the most hypocritical behaviors. He shows a horny male horse raging in rage as he waits to step into the mare and continue the race, key elements of this beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of organs as they can easily claim. The horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat. The heat is much stronger than his will, since he has no control at this time. The power of instinct turns an animal into an animal. After the memorable start, the characters are introduced, and the movie fantastically has all the necessary ages from the little innocent kids waiting to grow up and grow to their heights, to the adults and elders, all of their own part of the lifespan represent and create the face of human life on the canvas. A movie does not necessarily need more characters in this way, as all the important ones already exist and represent the entire race, including urban and rural residents and both genders. The villa evokes the sexuality of the protagonist when she sees the horses, how they tie themselves up and pretend she obviously never thought of it. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that is exciting and almost vital to her and her body, such as getting water when you are very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she did not perceive these things with her mother, her camera and a pen pal inside, even though things just waited for the moment to break out. Meat wants meat, and that is part of being a Humanimal, but yet these things are not easy to admit everywhere, and films like these, which try to portray it, are banned for decades. The stupidity and unwillingness of people to interpret images should not be an argument for banning or otherwise violating a film. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the movie are just as important as the beginning and once again show how strong the cinema is without unnecessary words and talk. As the girl and the audience realize what her body begins to feel and begin to do, she dreams of the mysterious animal that turns out to be nothing but the undressed form of us who lived in the forest with no other humans / animals around , The dream sequence is the one that has caused and caused the most controversy, along with the general, sincere and honest attitude of the film, and the images are as simple to rate as "perverted" and "pornographic" without the courage to go deeper to dive into it. Character reactions and thoughts behind what we see. The images are exciting in their dream, and finally in the dream of the (more) human character of the dream, and Borowczyk forces us to admit it with images so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman. This is a beautiful thing and expression of love, another human need. Also, the numerous and cleverly black humorous love scenes in the mansion, between the young mother and the black servant, are often interrupted when, for example, someone cries for the servant, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young people appears body that are together and interrupted with an angry call will at least not be more pleasant by the interruption. Borowczyk has managed to paint his paintings so beautifully and "sensitively" that his message can hardly be misunderstood, but for our cultures and minds who criticize art, nothing seems impossible. He uses dialogues only when necessary, otherwise the pictures do the job and make the movie powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also here, because sooner or later, flesh dies, after years of life and instincts it dies. The end is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could have been just as powerful, without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" ending also ending. Another black-humorous element comes when we see the shocked city women running out of the place where they saw something more than they were looking for! They visited the mansion of the truth about meat, us and them. The film reminds me of the French story of the writer Georges Bataille with the same themes as eroticism, death and how they are both always connected to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic as this movie, and of course both were blamed for their "too explicit" content and other equally notable superficial comments. Borowczyk's film is also visually very beautiful next to the movie's raw honesty, and nature and the forest have rarely looked as bright and radiant as in this movie. The sun shines through the trees and everywhere where people live, and the beauty of it is always there, but also the ugliness that comes from the inhabitants of the world. For every innocent white sheep, there is a selfish, evil and terrible animal in our world, and therefore the intelligence given to us never seems to overcome the power of our evil instincts and the other side of the sheep that exist in every human soul are . It's about how many manage to keep the dark side passive and inactive. The fulfillment of some of our instincts is not a bad thing. By using this intelligence and seeing which of the instincts are good and which are bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence, and the deadly and destructive circle that they create. Man is nothing more than an animal with intelligence, an intelligence that is so easy to forget that things that feel better and more satisfying in each and perhaps a sudden moment fade into the background. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, a memorable and clever piece of magical cinema with a timeless theme and an example of how much can be achieved, expressed by a filmmaker who is only human.
