OK ... that's weird ... Honestly, I can not tell you all the inner action points of THE BEAST because I started losing interest when nothing happened in the first 45 or more minutes. In any case, "pick it up" ... <br /> <br /> The plot is a monster in the woods that a French aristocrat chick messed up earlier in the day. Finally, you see "THE BEAST," who looks like a guy in a huge rat bear costume with a ponytail attached to it. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman running around in the woods looking for a lost sheep. The sheep is dead and the woman gets scared. THE BEAST emerges, raping the chick and shooting 400 gallons of cum on her. Finally, the chick enjoys the animal's "attention," resulting in some pretty novel simulated sex scenes, including an uncomfortable erotic foot masturbation scene in which the woman wafts the animal's feet while the monster shoots larger loads everywhere (yes, me I have a twisted foot fetish - so sue me ...) ... The entire movie is told in flashbacks and lengthy dialogue scenes that were rather boring. A "shocking" but predictable ending closes this extremely strange movie ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a movie that I somehow find difficult to judge. The cinematography itself is very eye-catching and the sets, costumes and locations are elaborate. The plot is a bit confused and seems to take itself seriously, resulting in an unintentionally hilarious movie about a chick with a rat bear. A good deal of tits, butts and hairy 70s bushes to make up for the boring first half of the movie. I must honestly say that without the graphic scenes of the BEAST smuggling the willing girl, the movie would have been a real boredom - that is, unless you have a boring dialogue and some graphic horse sex (the beginning) a very close and personal scene of two boned horses, including a pulsating and spunked female vagina ... YUM !!!). But the sex scene of BEAST is as strange and as refreshing as the rest of the movie, that I have to say that these scenes alone make up for what would otherwise have been a real Snoozer. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks they have seen everything - the BEAST rape is really out there and something to testify. Also recommended for fans of sleaze movies of the 70s / 80s - this is classified with them quite high. It is worthwhile for you to see sick animals of rat bears (like me) ... 8/10
