If, like you, you would like to see your films as unique, and unlike most other films, then I recommend you take a look at The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic fantasy fairytale centered on a mythological "beast" claiming to be lying on the grounds of a French mansion and craving for women. The film is very brave in terms of material, and that's something it deserves recognition for. The topic of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for good reason I would like to add. but the movie conveys it; straight ahead and to the point. Like other films dealing with a taboo topic at its center, The Beast could have avoided it, and we had to use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and he is brave in that regard, especially as If you make a movie like this, it stays open to all sorts of criticism, but the fact that it has continued with it, in my opinion, means a big thumbs up for the guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence in which a horny male horse sees a female ascend. This opener marks the film with an exclamation point and in a way prepares the audience for the incredible power act of eroticism they are about to see. The scenes in which the animal mates with the woman are unfounded and shocking and will offend many people (hence the reason it has been banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to To shock viewers; This movie has a defining point. As I said during the film; The only difference between human and animal is intelligence. Both humans and animals have instincts, only humans can control them. The animal explores this difference between human and animal through sexuality; The fantasy sequence in which the animal appears embodies the control of human desire, and only when the central female figure lets go of her control can she see the animal. The film has strong themes from the centuries-old story of "beauty and beast" woven into it, and overall this is a frighteningly morbid story of lust, but not without morality. Many criticize the scenes To be around the film's shocking sex sequences is boring, but these scenes are important to the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we would not get to know the characters or the story of the beast, and most of all, the story of "The Beauty and the Beast" would not be able to address its dreadful conclusion to the public, and that would be one of the key elements the movie is; it would be a pity. Apart from that, Borowczyk entertains his audience through these scenes, not with shocks, but with dialogues and the upper-class personality of the family, along with the beautiful shots of the villa's plot, and the stark contrast between that and the events later in the film would not exist either. <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking movie. It's the depiction of a taboo subject and the shocking way it's presented will make sure that this movie is not for everyone. But if you can overcome the shock of the movie, hug the beast. What is expected is an artful and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed by anyone who wants to give this film a chance.
