This is one of the stranger films I've seen recently. That's because it looks less like a movie and more like an experimental movie. Kurasawa's experiment was to take a variety of people living in a dump and weave their experiences into a tapestry that provides insights into their generally hard existences. Not every episode is depressing and hard, but overall this is definitely the tone. Let's see ... We have a case of incest / rape, attempted murder, women exchange, alcoholism, infidelity, death of a little boy, after he ate spoiled fish, a man with severe depression (he never speaks during the film and looks very frightening), a hopeless dreamer who was probably diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally retarded young man who thinks he's a street car conductor and spends all his waking moments driving his truck through the paths between the garbage dumps, a man Being married to a total joker (I think I liked her character even less than the incestuous rapist!) etc. etc. In fact it is depressing enough that it almost looked like an Ingmar Bergman movie in Japan when Bergman's MANY films made dealt more with mental illness and the hopelessness of life. Is it any wonder that after this movie Kurasawa tried to kill himself ?! So I liked it. No, it was not a fun experience. But it was a very well done movie that definitely kept my attention, and I really wanted to see what happened to those people. It was kind of like watching a train wreck - you do not want to see all the carnage, but you can not help but watch! I think of all the vignettes I think that the older man, who took care of everyone and who did not really seem to fit (he was too well-adjusted and too smart to live in a dump), could possibly represent Kurasawa himself his. I do not know. <br /> <br /> If you have seen a variety of Kurasawa films and have a high tolerance for foreign art films, give them a watch. However, do NOT make this your first experience when watching his films - it will certainly scare off many viewers!
