Most people who think of expressionist cinemas look at the German black-and-white films of the mute and early sounds - films, the tilted angles, extreme light-dark contrasts, exaggerated performances and occasional applications of surrealism to a dream image clarify the atmosphere from traditional to deviate naturalistic forms of cinematic representation. If we are ready to accept that the Germans were not the only filmmakers who created an expressionist cinema (and that the above features are not prerequisites for an expressionist film), I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD A movie is a prime example of this kind of movie. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a little bit confused for a Kurosawa movie and tries to be unreal. But unlike Dreams, DKD is also a great movie and probably my favorite picture of Kurosawa. Why? I think most of the time it's the colors. I think it was Kurosawa's first color film, and the man saturates the film with strong primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We are used to the neon lights and the gleaming skyscrapers of Tokyo. We are not used to a city that seems to be colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a strange movie as many of its characters live in a junkyard and seem to live in an alternate universe. I think that's the point - these are the outsiders of Tokyo, the people who left behind after the Second World War. The film is also one of Kurosawa's more intimate films; This is real feeling and real pathos (like when the boy's father describes her dream house). It's a stunningly moving film by a man better known for stunning, John Ford-like prospects and Samurai. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had such a touching and thought provoking film in him (Ikiru foreshadows the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I'll say until the end that this is Kurosawa's biggest achievement. His samurai films are capable images, pale compared to works by Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the largest, smartest samurai film dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good movies, but they are just good (and frankly I find that word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, just like Ikiru. They are the crown jewels that show that Akira was not a samurai pony. They reveal his artistry and mastery of the cinema.
