If Akira Kurosawa had done something wrong when creating Dodes'ka-den, he made the partnership he had with the "Four Knights" (the other three were Kobayaski, Ichikawa, and Konishita). They wanted a big blockbuster hit to start their partnership. Instead, Kurosawa, presumably the group's chief cheese, provided an abstract, humanistic art film with characters living in a decimated slum where many of his characters were exposed to dark tragedies. Had he made it more independent or had gone to another studio that knew, but for that very reason, among other financial and creative problems, this also contributed to his attempted suicide in 1971? On that day, Kurosawa as an artist did not stop that to deliver what he is notorious for his dramas: the strengths of the human mind in the face of adversity. That the background is a bit more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not a Kurosawa mistake at all. <br /> <br /> The material in Dodes'ka-den is absorbing, but not so It is usually found by the director, and mostly because it is controlled by the character instead of the plot. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge is to weave them into a coherent whole. The figure that strangely starts in the picture (though fortunately there is not much room to grow) is Rokkuchan, a brain-damaged man who makes all-day train noises (the "clickety-clack" title), only to stop sometimes to pray for his mother. But then we branch: there are the father and the son, the latter, who is looking for restaurants to eat, and the former, who continues again and again with site-specific descriptions of his dream home; an older man looks like death, and we learn later that he has lost much more than he will say to most people, including a woman who has a past with her; a shy, quiet woman who is serving her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure) who raped her; and a meek guy in a suit, who has a constant face and a big angry woman - to those who are in society. <br /> <br /> There are also small tags of persons around these characters, like two drunks who keep stumbling each night, like a clockwork, makes high demands on their spouse, sometimes (inadvertently) swapping them! And there's a friendly sake seller on the bike, who has a nice, but strange connection to the shy, quiet woman. And, of course, there's a group of gossiping ladies squatting around a waterhole in the middle of the slum and not having too nice things to say about anyone unless it's something erotic about a man. First, note how Kurosawa determines the picture; It's a bit post-apocalyptic and does not look for a specific time or place (that is, until a few shots show modern cars and roads). It is a marginalized society, but their concerns, even tragic, are deconstructed by dramatic violence. Like Bergman, Kurosawa seeks to examine people's destroyed emotions, especially in a scene where the deadly-looking man with hollow, sad eyes sits in torn fabric while a woman gets carried away. <br /> <Sometimes there are charms and even a few laughs that you can have with these people. I even enjoyed the ironic moments with Rokkuchan (especially with Kurosawa's cameo as a painter on the street) or the awkward silence with the man with the face-tics. While Kurosawa gives his actors some space to improvise, his camera movements remain as they always have been - patient but alert with vast compositions and claustrophobic attitudes, pictorial visions and faces, sometimes with the stylization of a mute drama known as a jerk is meant. Amidst these sometimes bizarre and touching stories, some of which are particularly sad (ie The Father and the Son in the Car), Kurosawa exposes his film and designs the color scheme as his first in Eastmancolor, as if it were one of his paintings. Lush, extended, sometimes over the seams but always spilled with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; It is as if the abstract has come fully into the scene, where things are alive, but much darker. It's a brilliant, clever double-edged sword that makes dreamlike intonations with such heavy drama possible. <br /> <br /> With a sweet "score track" by Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran) and some stellar performances by actors and some indelible scenes in a whole fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is one of a kind Subordinate work of the director, but still almost perfect under his own conditions, as with many Kurosawa dramas like Ikiru and Roter Bart holds tough truths about the human situation without too much sentimentality.
