Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon shot two films together in two years. One is considered one of the greatest romantic films of all time and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon her best performance role): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is this movie that was filmed a year ago in England. THE DEPARTMENT OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic lawyer but also a total misogynist. One evening he checks in a hotel, right in front of a crowd. It's a very foggy night (the kind of pea soup fog that London was known for until a notorious "Killer Nebula" in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had attended a party at the hotel) needed beds. Management tries to get Logan to sleep one or two celebrities in his rooms on a couch and a day bed, but he refuses. However, he did not expect Merle Oberon to be Leslie Steele. As a granddaughter of a court in a high court, she manages to get into Logan's room and manipulates him to not only allow her to sleep there, but also his bed (he goes to the couch - much to his discomfort). <br /> <br The next day they have breakfast together, and in a small talk it is obvious that Logan, despite his mistrust of women, finds Leslie very attractive. But she catlike refuses to give her name. She is determined to learn more about him, and she finds his attitude to women annoying. In the meantime, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential customer. Just suspected that his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) has an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that her ladyship was in the hotel with her lover and that Logan knows he was in the night of the fog. Logan concludes (of course) that Lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I'm not going to go into the story any more, except to say that Leslie eventually realizes what a mistake Logan made and decides to use him to teach him a lesson on women. <br /> <br /> The script feels like a Wodehouse novel, but it's easier. The performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are still great. It shows what a good cast can achieve even with the least materials. Take a look at some of the smaller scenes to understand what I mean: Selden's first scene, which complains about his weak coffee at his butler / servant, which really scares him off (they've been used to other personalities for years). Or Olivier, who looks at a young office worker in his office, who is sure two Lady Meres were in the office two minutes earlier (but Oberon and Barnes were together), and thinks the poor office worker is a fool. Or the waiter at the hotel, who can not understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from a man to a woman to a man. As I said, a light charming comedy - but she is very charming.
