A convict appears to give the Cold Case unit information about the murder of a police officer years ago. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good cop, has never been solved. Of course, the investigators believe the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that have frustrated their colleagues. In Flashbacks we are brought to the baptism of James Bruno's baby. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There are tensions as Sean, the godfather, untidy and late for the rite. Eileen Bruno does not seem happy to be there. The true mystery is revealed by her. She caught Sean, who had been drinking with Jimmy in the backyard, kissed her husband and was even more shocking, Jimmy readily responded. <br /> <br /> Somehow the partners at the station become the center of gossip. Sean did not make himself popular with his supervisor because he discovered that a criminal in his area controlling the drug business was involved. Sean realizes that this man agrees with the drugged man because he always apologizes for freeing the spit bags that Sean and Jimmy are dragging into the station all the time. The pressure on Jimmy is too big. Sean feels comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest. Cooper's own father wants nothing to do with a strange son. Even his supervisor McCree wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a long line of Irish men serving in the police. Sean is killed because of his homosexual condition and because he knew too much about his colleagues' involvement in dirty money. <br /> <br /> Tom Petit wrote this honest account of the life of a policeman in the closet and his secret love with another colleague. We thought it was an open account of a serious matter no one had talked about at the time. Sometimes those involved in the show who fear the repressions of sponsors or networks dare not dare these real situations. Jeannot Szwarc shows a sensitive approach to this delicate matter that is treated without the sensationalism the case might have shown with another team. <br /> <br /> There is a rare performance by Chad Everett than the older Jimmy Bruno. His attitude is just right with a touch of sentimentality that does not get out of hand. Shane Johnson makes an outstanding contribution to the show as Sean Cooper. The cast is wonderful and includes good all-round performances by all, led by Mr Szwarc. In this episode, Nick Vera approaches his neighbor, the basketball player's mother, whom the detective has taken away from Ball. Nick is on romance with the woman on the road!
