Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga Tetsudô three-nine). Made in 1979. Director: Rintaro. Based on the original work by Leiji Matsumoto. What little I know about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it was first published as a popular manga in the 70s and created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is in the same space universe of Star Wars as Matsumoto's other famous space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. Space pirates Harlock and other characters from this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) appear in GE999. GE999 was a success as manga and soon followed by a popular anime series with over 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. A year later, this anime film, which is not a continuation of the series, but the main points of the story in a two-hour film summarized. <br /> <br /> The story takes place in an unidentified future of Star Wars, where travel to various planets has become possible. People of the future can have mechanical bodies in which they can live for hundreds of years, maybe forever. The protagonist Tetsurô Hoshino is a young boy who witnesses a cruel count Mecha, whose entire body is made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsurô's mother. Tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve this with a mechanical body. To get it, he has to travel to a distant planet on the Galaxy Express 999. However, since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he has no money to get the expensive ticket. Coincidentally, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who resembles his dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket for Tetsurô on the condition that she accompanies him on his journey. And so begins the journey? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie for the first time last October, in about six months and again yesterday. I have the feeling that I first have to tell about what bothered me the most in this film: it seems to be very rushed. What, in turn, can you expect from a 2-hour movie trying to reveal the main features of over 100 episodic series? In any case, the situations change at a fast pace, and Tetsurô encounters other important characters in the story, mostly by accident. I think the makers should either have left something out or extra 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no doubt that GE999 has earned its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, which is very faithful to the style of Matsumoto's manga, is detailed and beautiful to look at. Even after almost 30 years of release, the animation is not "obsolete", but ashamed of many later anime films. The music in the whole film is pleasant to hear, even if these days are a bit "old" (after all, it was the 70s). I have not heard an English dub of this movie, so I can only comment on the Japanese tone, which is good. Voice actors give life to their characters. The most memorable are Masako Nozawa (mainly the voice of Goku throughout the Dragon Ball saga) as excited and young Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as the quiet and mysterious Maetel. The secondary characters do not remain in the shade, but also have their own lives, which I remember as a waitress Claire especially. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for those looking for a few hours of entertainment as well as those looking for deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure movie, but it can also be seen as Tetsurô's journey from youth to masculinity. The entire movie is told from his point of view, so we have to feel what he feels. I think a lot of people can relate to Tetsurô because, despite the fantasy elements, he is a very realistic character: young, hot-headed, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to recognize differences between humans and machines, and come to the conclusion whether he wants the mechanical body or not. Maetel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film, and even in the end, when she reveals who and what she really is, that answers nothing. Maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man, always near but not within reach. <br /> <br /> It is the curious but beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel that continues to arouse conversations and questions and fascinate them for decades. People have argued that this is a relationship between two friends, mother and son, or two possible lovers (which raises much criticism, as Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô has not yet reached puberty). I think without a deep sense of sound I think the best expression to describe them is "soul mate". There is no question that they feel devotion, caring and love for each other, but it goes beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think if their relationship was in one of those categories, it would diminish the overall movie and characters. The final scene, even if you already know what's going to happen, is still very touching and memorable. <br /> <br /> All in all, despite the plunder and some stupid scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 has a place as anime classics among the films such as Katsuhiro Otomo's AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who already had some experience with Leiji Matsumoto's work while working on the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro performed a wonderful-looking METROPOLIS (2001), which also questions the difference between man and machine. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that every anime fan should see at least once.
