I came across this topic several years ago when I was surfing the Channel on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a cheesy 1970s TV movie, the direction and score were good enough to get my attention, and in fact I was addicted and had to look it all the way through to the end. I recently got the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this movie (oops, I did not realize that a domestic movie had come out a few months ago) and was very pleased to see it again (and in its entirety) to be able to. , <br /> <br /> I do not quite understand the phenomenon, but somehow the 70s seem to block horror movies that are really scary. The decades before the '70s produced some beautifully filmed films and most of our persevering horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not very much. We also got horror movies in the 70s that are cooler, more exciting, have much better production values ​​and more sophisticated special effects, are more fun, funnier, have effective "jump" moments and some very creative uses from Gore, but again .. they are not really scary! The atmosphere of the 70s horror movies just has something. The granular film quality. The scary, dark scenes are unlit by giant high-tech lighting systems. The "edge of the dreamland" dampened the dialogue quality and the strange and strict EQ values. The strange feeling of discomfort and ugliness pervades everything. Everything that works to undermine most movies of the 70s in the case of horror works in his favor. <br /> <br /> In this movie, the calm, intense shots of the devilish dog staring at people are pretty righteously annoying. So much more effective than if they had gone the obvious way of snarling, slavish, and open-mouthed to the dog his ("Cujo"?). The filmmakers preserve this wisely when the dog appears in its all-natural form. The impact, if that happens, was inaccurate by today's standards, but it literally left me shivering. The bizarre, vaguely defined "I'm not quite sure what I'm looking at" seems intuitively to me as if it were a true supernatural vision and not the hyperreal, crystal-clear optical printer / digital compositor confectionery from recent horror films. <br /> <br /> While the human characters in this film are not presented as satisfactorily as their nemesis or the world they live in, the actors all do a decent job. The siblings from the "Witch Mountain" movies, yes, brother and sister, is a pretty cheesy stunt casting, but they're doing well. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be entertaining when she is unspectacular. Richard Crenna earns more and more empathy with the audience as the movie progresses. His self-doubting doubts whether his family's strangeness is really due to a supernatural conspiracy or whether he succumbs to paranoid schizophrenia is handled fairly well, although his idea of ​​explaining a physical routine is an explanation of what he experiences has in his naivety. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie with the end of the Question Question mark is one of the few I've seen that does not feel like a cheap gimmick and actually made me think about decisions, with which these characters would be confronted next and what they would probably do and how they would feel about it. <br /> <br /> Critics of this movie could say that it's just a feature-length vehicle for something Neato does glowing retina shots, but hey, you could say the same thing about "Blade Runner". :-)
