Samuel Fuller brings his usual, playful and stylish direction into this vile, fleshy story and manages to create one of the undiscovered jewels of the cinema of the 50s. Richard Widmark plays a small, thieving guy (a role he has perfected the running of many films), who grabs the purse of a young lady (Jean Peters) in a New York subway and thus a piece of coveted microfilm. This is the year 1953. The microfilm is of course the property of Commie spies, who do nothing to get it back. When the girl appears in Widmark's port hut, sent by an offensive friend to reclaim the film, Widmark feels the opportunity to shake her and her "comrades" for big money. The plot thickens, people start to die, and Widmark and Peters fall in love. Fuller treats the love story awkwardly, but rather out of indifference than bad writing or proper guidance. It's as if he had taken a love story under duress and deliberately made it incredible how love stories were and are so common in Hollywood movies. Peters offers a remarkable performance as a strong New Yawk biscuit, sometimes gangster minor and sometimes girls in need. When it comes to violence against them, we attach great importance to their well-being, and it is typical of Fuller's renegade style that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion. <br /> <br /> But The Ultimate Success of "Pickup on South Street" is based on the world-weary shoulders of Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a feisty lady who makes money in every conceivable way, be it by Ties sold or acted as police informant. Ritter states the performance of her career; In a breathtaking monologue she mediates, without ever dealing directly with her, the entire sad course of her life and the hopelessness that she wakes every morning to a world of struggle, crime and hardship. It's as if every character Ritter has ever played has come together for a brief moment to ignore all the emotions they did not give a chance to play in these other films. The scene is the highlight of Fuller's film and a highlight of the cinema of the 50s. <br /> <br /> Note: A +
