This film is a spicy little movie by Sam Fuller that gives Richard Widmark the chance to show some of his best, most nervous roles in the role of Skip McCoy, a small thief who in the meantime encounters a military secret beautiful candys (Jean Peters ) Bag in a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy did a favor to her (former?) Friend who works for the Commies. Superficially, there's a mystery about Candy's subjects and Skip spends much of the movie, which she definitely designs. Actually, he just seems to assume that she is a "commie", who goes so far that he pours beer in the face with a calloused gesture. But the real question is? What's up with Skip? What are his motives and why does Candy like him so much? Why do we (the audience) like him so much? What the filmmakers did here is basically a very noticeable "male fatale" in Widmark's character and performance. Just as the male audience thinks through the length of a movie like "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" and the main characters about whether the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the filmmakers have created a similar dilemma for female spectators. Widmark is handsome, and his boyish intransigence is also charming? but the first two times he meets our senior lady, he robs her and then slaps her face. At some point, the question ?? would Skip sink so low that he sold out his land for a dollar (his comments to the police, like "you wave a flag at me?", let's assume he would do it) or is he just revenge for that Murder of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure if the film gives us a coherent answer in every way. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's character work deserves a special mention? She has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "business"? in the form of physical objects, with which she draws the audience into her world, especially in her used bindings. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene in which Victor Perry (an actor I had seen elsewhere that had less effect) who used the chopsticks to intimidate Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip offers one of the most revealing themes in the movie "Honor Among Thieves". In fact, Skip has the same kind of ease and the same kind of informal relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye), who turns against him. I loved the scene where he invited the cops by name and offered them a beer when they picked him up at his cabin. These are the details that make this movie real. whether it is really "realistic" or not, if these are completely different questions. All in all, I would say that this is an essential crime film that has many of the best and most enduring features of the "Film Noir" school of filmmaking. A predictable plot is compensated for by a multitude of colorful characters (equally well executed), cheap sets are camouflaged by the relentless tempo of the movie, and the final product feels much more than it is likely to do. This is the best movie I have seen so far by Sam Fuller. He helps me to understand better why he is considered a director. Here he has done some things that I have tried, but ultimately failed in other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor", which has very strong acting styles and really exciting suspense. This is one of my favorite performances from Widmark that I have seen so far? and Widmark was a talent I was tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films I've seen with him) comparable to Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, though he probably did not shoot so many classic films.
