'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and I was impressed with the film's subtle blend of B-movie and big-budget aesthetics, even though the story itself was a stroke. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, apparently with a larger budget from the acclaimed studio Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the visuals are still notable in that photography contains a raw, naturalistic element similar to Dassin's "The Night and the City" (1950) and Kazan's "Panic in the Streets" (the latter was also filmed) by the cameraman Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the faces of his actors that they are out of focus, bluntly recording the intimate thoughts, emotions, and twists communicated through the most obvious facial features, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama and with a hint of anti-Communist propaganda, is 'Pickup on South Street' a strong film noir who has managed to set the setting in an outstanding way? the subway of New York City. <br /> <br /> As the pickpocket Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark), who has just been taken out of jail, gets the purse of a woman in the subway (Jean Peters), he is more than he. d originally counted. Mrs. Candy and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) had smuggled top-secret information to the Communists, and McKoy unexpectedly found an important role for the microfilm. Will he hand over the MacGuffin to the competent authorities or sell it to the highest bidder? If "Pickup on South Street" has a flaw, the story seems only meant to support an anti-communist agenda that smells like propaganda after the Second World War like nothing. {Dwight Taylor, who delivered the story, also wrote The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), the only propaganda film in the series. For no apparent reason any recognizable character? even the selfish Skip McCoy? eventually becomes a sacrificial patriot, the transformation is predictable from the beginning. In the traditional Noir film, the unsavory criminal always gets his satisfaction, the judicious punishment of his sins, but apparently not when he served his country. Patriotism wipes the slate clean. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor whom I really like to like, plays the haughty pickpocket with serenity, but always with a hint of discomfort suggesting that he bites more than he can chew. The opening scene on the train is the best movie, as McCoy fishes breathlessly and silently in his victim's purse and reminiscent of Bresson's "Pickpocket (1959)". Thelma Ritter is fantastic as a tired street woman who passes information on to anyone who wants to pay for it (although of course she's the limit at Commies). Jean Peters is well staffed because the trashy lady transfers information to the other side and plays the role almost without glamor. Fuller allegedly threw the actress into the observation that she had the slightly bent prostitute strut. Nevertheless, Peters must enter into a love affair with Widmark, which really brings the realism attempts of the film to a standstill. After his release, "Pickup on South Street" was intriguingly condemned as a communist propaganda by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it because it was the opposite. Imagine that.
