Sam Fuller's excellent PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is the choice of a series of Cold War-influenced low-budget vehicles of the early '50s. With a running time of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is tough, pithy, explosive and endlessly entertaining. Widmark stars as pickpocket Skip McCoy, who has already been picked up three times. But McCoy can not keep his wandering fingers out of trouble - and annoyance is exactly what he pushes when he lifts the purse of Gangster's Moll Candy (Jean Peters). Candy's wallet contains a microfilm roll invaluable to the communist movement, and it's her last job for ex-boyfriend Richard Kiley, who handles the delivery. But when Widmark picks it up, Peters has to do everything he can to reclaim the film, which she (initially) does not know about. <br /> <br /> It's a tasteful decor with Widmark's character and not the psycho of KISS OF DEATH, a real live wire, unpredictable and tough, but curiously charming. When Bogart or Mitchum stepped into a role in Film Noir, did you know what you would get: a single anti-hero who preserves his moral integrity and prevails in the end (Bogart) or an overly laconic type who falls into a trap pull (Mitchum). With Widmark, you just do not know what you're going to get, and with his incredibly modern acting style (his films always look good), he's amazing. Here he is torn between a big score for himself by selling the movie or handing it over to the police and fighting the "commies" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend he never stole Peters out of his pocket to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his hand. <br /> <br /> Peters gets her best role as a minor-with-a-heart-of-gold-candy. Widmark's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with Peters. the beautiful tramp fast (and quite incredible - the romantic angle is pretty hasty) falls under widmarks spell, but Widmark alternates alternately between kissing or beating. Peter's hard-nosed beauty, but the lack of over-painted Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner never worked well in this role), is an important addition to the film. Candy is not innocent, but she is very vulnerable, constantly flinging between men. Widmark beats her cold at the first meeting and wakes her up by pouring beer over her face, but by the last act, he is much more tender to her (after fucking killing Kiley). The scene in the hospital with Peters and Widmark should not work, but she does. Thelma Ritter is brilliant as Stoolie Moe and deserves her Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is hard, genuine and heartbreakingly honest. Her death scene is breathtaking. Fuller's camera movements and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of uncomfortable, close-up close-ups that only enhance the tension of the action. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera last longer than the standard Old-Hollywood would have allowed, but he takes off astonishingly from Knight's death scene to give the audience maximum effect. The urban settings and the unusual, confronting camera perspectives give PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET a bold, uncompromisingly modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
