Samuel Fuller is hardly one of the great directors of America. I'm not sure if he qualifies as one of Hollywood's great artisans. But he is one of the best Hollywood professionals willing to march to their own music. During his time working for Hollywood studios, he knew how to accept an assignment, remodel the mediocre material given to him and then quickly and efficiently turn it into something better than its parts. On time and in the budget. Pick up on South Street is a typical example. On the surface, it's still one of Hollywood's anti-commie films of the early 1950's, complete with appeals to patriotism, a hardened hero and a slimy (and much sweating) villain. Fuller transforms this bag with Hollywood clichés into a thrilling, exciting drama with as many twists as you like. The hero Skip McCoy is a threefold loser, a little crook with soft fingers, who only changes his stripes at the end. The girl in the caper Candy has a virtue that is easily overcome if you tend to. One of the most attractive characters, Moe Williams, is a stool. And in an unusual approach to Hollywood's fight against commies, appriotism falls on deaf ears on patriotism. The hero is not motivated by something noble. He just wants a payback for personal reasons and eventually he's at least a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all actors were mostly assigned by Studio Fuller. He had to do it. Richard Widmark had established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a beautiful portrait of a woman who is sexy and stupid, and no better than her friends ... or her clients ... want her to be her. And Richard Kiley, who was later named two-time Tony star on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was the actor who inflicted on us, I mean, imagined "The impossible dream" of Man of La Mancha. <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this story of a pickpocket who takes a purse in a subway car and finds himself with microfilmed secrets instead of cash, tracked by Fed and Commies, with great economy straight. The entire company with a classic noir look takes just 80 minutes to say it. The dialogue, with Fuller as a scriptwriter, has this partisan, partly sharp-edged, hard-boiled pulp-fiction style. "The muffin you hurt ... she's fine," a character tells Candy. Fuller moves us fast enough from scene to scene to capture the next day. Then Fuller throws the figure of Moe Williams. Suddenly the story reaches a completely new interest, partly comedy relief and partly sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> What I like best about the movie is how the opening illustrates Fuller's talents and strengths. In two minutes and fifteen seconds, Fuller can start right after the credits, start up the movie right away, see for us what the story is about, and show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - we're involved with become. And he does so with so much tantalizing curiosity in this hot, jam-packed subway car that we can just feel Fuller setting the hook to catch us. <br /> <br /> Says Glenn Erickson, in my opinion, one of the best film critics: "In a nondescript story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar view of Americanism from the ground up: stiff-necked, aggressive Self-interest: when he expresses himself fully, he realizes What is wrong and what is right and not afraid to fight for it As always in his work, those who struggle the hardest for their country are the ones who benefit the least from the effort He is right and that makes the movie even more lively after 55 years.
