"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama about a small time criminal who suddenly finds himself in the activities of a group of Communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the dynamics are maintained by brilliant editing. The use of different camera angles and effective close-up shots also contribute to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's directorial style and the cinematography of Joseph MacDonald are excellent and there are many scenes that create a strong sense of mood and atmosphere through their composition and lighting. Ace pickpocket and repeat offender Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) goes into deep water as he steals a wallet from a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) in the New York subway. She was used by her ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to deliver to one of his contacts in a communist organization. She was unknown to her and carried secrets of the US government, which were recorded on microfilm. Two FBI agents had followed Candy and witnessed the theft. One of the agents continues to drag her to Joey's apartment, and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits police captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been following Candy for several months as part of the persecution of the leader of a communist group. <br /> <br /> To identify the pickpocket, Tiger calls a "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter), who lists eight possible suspects after a detailed description of how the "guns" work. As soon as Tiger sees the name of Skip on the list, he is immediately convinced that he is the man to look for, and he sends two detectives to arrest him. When Skip is taken to Tiger's office, Zara tells him about the microfilm and Tiger offers to cut fees when he works with the investigation. Skip is funky and arrogant. He definitely does not trust Tiger and denies any knowledge about the theft in the subway. Joey tells Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it. Candy pays Moe for Skip's address, and when Skip returns from a questioning by Tiger, Candy finds that he's searching his house and beats her unconscious before stealing her money. As she recovers, Skip demands a $ 25,000 microfilm payment. She tells Joey about Skip's request, and Joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to retrieve the microfilm until the next evening. <br /> <br /> Skip and Candy are attracted to each other and it is because of their troubled, developing relationship that a means is developed to shake off police attention. However, it soon becomes clear that the solution of communist affairs can only be achieved through more direct measures. <br /> <br /> The portrayals of Skip, Candy and Moe as characters living in a seedy world they are in. They are forced to face significant risks on a daily basis, and they are very compelling. <br /> <br /> Moe's work as a police officer depends on her knowledge of the people in her community, but even these people know what she is doing and what they are doing by them could always seek their revenge. She seems cunning and quarrelsome, but also has her vulnerable side as she spares herself as an "old clock running" and saves money to have a decent burial at an exclusive Long Island cemetery. Her belief that "every buck has its own meaning" leads her to sell any information regardless of danger, friendships or principles, and yet there is an opportunity in which she refuses and this is fatal. Thelma Ritter's performance undoubtedly deserved the Oscar nomination she had earned for her role. Skip is a violent criminal who does not care about his victims and has been convicted three times in the past if he is convicted again. Still, he continues his criminal activities and, strangely enough, is philosophical only when Moe betrays his whereabouts, and later he even makes sure that Moe receives the kind of burial she so highly valued. Candy is an ex-hooker and someone whose activities put her in constant danger, but behind her hardened appearance, a warmer side is beginning to become more apparent. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their roles and portray Ritter as the different facets of their personality with great style and conviction.
