In this excellent 20th century film noir, the metropolis is a labyrinth of despair, where catchers and predators live when they live together. Grim cityscapes sink over inferior humanity in a bleak expressionist symbolism. A prostitute gets her bag caught in the subway. It contains a microfilm, and a communist spy ring will do anything to restore it. Two parallel investigations are taking place while both spies and cops are tracking down the valuable information. <br /> <br /> Anti-hero pickpocket Skip McCoy is played by contemptuous assurance by Richard Widmark. He knows the bulls are his moral-minded and intellectual subordinates, and ridicules them: "Carry on," he tells Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye), "make an indictment, beat me in." In this ruthless world the cops are just a gang on the street. Just as Candy, the whore, captivates Lightning Louie to get a tour, the police are busy paying stubble pigeons for information. <br /> <br /> It's hard to believe that Widmark had this film in his early middle age. The 39-year-old star, who ends his contract with Fox, plays the excited Skip McCoy with the relentless audacity of a teenager. Today, it may not be acceptable for the romantic trail to plunge his love interest into the subconscious, then revive it by sipping beer in the face, but by the customs of the time it meant toughness - and Candy is finally a fallen one Mrs. br /> <br /> Jean Peters exudes as Candy. Here, in the middle of her five-year breakout in the B-movie, she is beautiful and captivates the whore with the golden heart. She is the victim of history, a martyr for her beauty as well as everything else. She means well, but is constantly manipulated by cynical men - Joey, Skip and the cops. <br /> <br /> The real star of this movie is New York. The haunting city panorama and the subway stations to sniff are a claustrophobic reminder of the city as a living, vicious force. Like maggots in a rotting cheese, human figures flit through the streets of the city. Elevators, subway hubs, sidewalks - even a dumb waiter acts as a river for the flow of corrupt humanity. People cling to every niche that offers security: Moe has her dirty, rented room. Skip his hut on the Hudson River. As the characters move and interact, they are framed by bridge architectures or girders made of girders or separated by hanging winds. The personality of the city is constantly on the rise. The gantries' angles and crossbars are an echo of the road surface, and the troop cabinets mimic the Manhattan skyline. When Joey's exit from the subway is closed, it's like the city's steel sinews tempt him. <br /> <br /> A surprising part of this movie is shot in extreme close-up. Character controls the action as it should, and close-ups are used to magnify the character. When Skip interrogates Candy, the close-up captures the sexual energy between them, highlighting the hostility of Skip's words. Jean Peters' beauty is painted in light, in exquisite soft focus shots. The device is also used to increase the voltage. The opening sequence, the wallet, contains no dialogues: The drama is completely dependent on the close-up due to its strong effect. Snoopers and snoopers on snoopers populate the movie. Moe (Thelma Ritter) lives as an informant, and her place in the hierarchy is even accepted by her victims. As Skip notes, "She has to eat," he sings a recurring chorus. Just as "straight" New York lamb chops or lumberjacks sell, the underworld trades in the goods of information. <br /> <br /> And even the pigeons are superior to Joey and his communist friends. Joey's feet on Moes bed symbolize a transgression of the most basic moral law. Joey is beyond the pale. Moe will not trade with Joey, even to save her life, "... even in our stupid business, you have to make the line somewhere." <br /> <br /> "Pick-Up" was made in the depths of the cold war. Richard Nixon had just been selected as a Republican vice-presidential candidate after he introduced himself to his fake Alger Hiss - a false communist microfilm and everything else. The McCarthy Show exams were a daily reality. We see the cops in the film against "the traitors who gave the atomic bomb to Stalin". New York can be considered a giant vessel where human guts trick, squeak and kill. Containers form a leitmotif throughout the film. Moe wears her brand box with ties, and Candy's purse, the microfilm's container, is the engine of the conspiracy. Skip keeps his only possessions in a sunken box, symbolizing his secret street wisdom. The coffins of the children driving down the Hudson on a barge are containers in which only one more load is pushed around the merciless metropolis. The film is a masterpiece of composition. Candy is shown over the skulking skip on the shaky hallway of the lodge, which means her moral advancement. When the gun is placed on the table, its extreme perspective makes it bigger than Candy - violence begins to force compassion. The lovers are overshadowed by the shadow of a stakedore hook, reminding us that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but dependent on the whims of the dark city. The Communist Enyard is a shadow on the wall or a disembodied cigarette smoke. He is like the lonely alley cat in the garbage - a predator of the night. Camera shots among taxi drivers, newspaper kiosks and the bars of hospital beds are constantly increasing our awareness that we are all trapped in the metropolis. We are the mulch of civilization.
