Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant movies ever made. An example of the director: When Candy (Jean Peters) goes through the purse and notices that her wallet is missing, sounds in the background of the building in which she is located, an alarm - as if in her head an alarm goes off. It's not like a cartoon, but subtly woven into the background that appeals to you on a subconscious level until you've seen the movie a few times and just "clicks" that sounds an alarm bell when it starts frantically going through Her bag. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark is the smart-alec at the top - he's really great - but the highlight of the movie was the first scene for "Moe". The Street Vendor / Informer, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in her apartment, you do not see a movie - you see a real person. I've never seen anyone "act" that was so real that I felt like I was looking into a real room until Knight's performance took place - right down to the hair that stuck out her hair a bit when she was wearing her hat decreased. <br /> <br /> About a million other things worked * just from the way Lightning Louie lifts money with his chopsticks, to Candy's jewelery as she brushes Moe's hand off her brooch, and the way she does it Moe gets away with the dollars and the change of chief of police over the FBI man's chest - and even the way the captain opens his filing cabinet, as if he'd done it that way in this room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" includes detailed movements (directing) with completed performances (plays) and superb, now nostalgic images of the day, such as: As the truck, the boards that lead on the water to the hut on the water, and the unforgettable place Skip stores his bag picking. Wonderful stuff. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few films in which, although the characters are not perfect, they take care of them - perhaps because they were branded by something their past on a hard one flaming way: Skip as a "three-time loser" and Candy as a young woman who has "pushed around" a lot. If these people behave a little worse than you would expect, that's a novel way that might seem like you're looking at people you would never imagine otherwise - and you know they are as actors are possible make them recognizably human.
