** SPOILERS ** Ruth Gordon, since the disappearance of her favorite niece Phyllis murder mystery writer Abigail Mitchell, has a strong suspicion that Phyllis's husband, Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, was responsible for her death. In fact, Abigail is convinced that he murdered her and that it looked like a tragic accident. Knowing that there is no evidence that Edmund was arrested for Phyillis' death, he decides to take the law into his own hands and cooks this thoughtful plan to initiate him and bring him to Phyllis To make death appear as a tragic accident. To make Edmund secretly come to her mansion to give him the combination to her walk-in safe when she's about to go to New York City on vacation, and Abigail persuades him to let in the startled and startled Edmund , With the Safe As the butler maids and Abigail's personal secretary Veronica, Mariette Hartley, are soundproofed, they hear him screaming for help, and the next day Edmund is suffocated to death. Veronica spotted Edmund's body as she wanted to put away Abigail's latest murder mystery manuscript for safekeeping. <br /> <br /> Lt. Columbo, Peter Falk, is being called for Edmund Garvin's strange death to see if it's a murder or a tragic accident. Through Edmund's apartment, Columbo puzzles out that he does not have a single photograph of his deceased wife missing for a month! This is related to what Abigail always felt in Edmund, as if he had not fallen in love with Phyllis, and also a suspect in her murder, in Abigail's mind. <br /> <br /> Columbo, a big fan of Abigail's murder novels, along with his wife, has a hard time recognizing that she was indeed responsible for Edmund's death. All the evidence points to Abigil, including one of Edmund's missing car keys. All this proved that Abgail was actually in the house and not on the way to the airport when Edmund was locked up in the walk-in vault. <br /> <br /> By going through all the evidence that Columbo has with this strange appearance, he concludes that Edmund must have written some evidence of who his killer is. This conclusion quickly dazzles when it turns out that Edmund did not even have a pen or pencil and light with a burned out bulb to write. There is also something very strange inside the vault, the Lt. Columbo has been involved since he started the case. This has to do with the black paint remnants found under the fingernails of dead Edmund and his belt buckle! <br /> <br /> It is this proof, when stored in the safe along with a number of other items, that Edmund's murder is ultimately linked to the tricky and very smart mystery writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund had Abitail unknowingly convicted in his last attempt, as the air in the vault was consumed by his breath by using spent matches to write on Abigail's last manuscript, which murdered him: Abigail Mitchell!
