After the failure of "The Crusades" at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next 13 years revolved around our story from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in production order was this movie starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who had fought at the Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). The film essentially picks up on US history after the Civil War. Lincoln is shown at the beginning, as the next step is, after Lee surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more on that later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. April 14 must have been very busy for Abe - in "Virginia City" he grants Errol Flynn a pardon on request of Miriam Hopkins on the same day. In fact, Lincoln was worried West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were the reunification of the former Confederate States and their citizens into the Union as soon as possible. It was the reconstruction that caught his eye, not the West (except for the problems of Maximillian and his French controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in actual problems with the West. In 1862 he sent General John Pope, the loser of Second Manassas, to Minnesota to tear down a serious Indian war on the Sioux (the subject of McKinley Kantor's novel "Sprit Lake"). To be quite effective here, the revolt became dejected. <br /> <br /> Despite all of Lincoln's attention to Western issues, however, it is doubtful that he (as Cooper repeats at least once) says, "The border should be safe." There's nothing to say he does not have but it is hardly a profound statement of a leading statesman. As I said, Teddy Roosevelt said, "Eat a good breakfast for your health every morning." A well-grounded statement from politics, at best a statement of apparent fact: Cooper turning it into a small mantra, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe Doctrine That's ridiculous ... typical of the way DeMille's scripts really have bad common sense errors in them. <br /> <br /> But this is not a ruinous m istake "The Plainsman" is an adventure movie and as such has the full benefit of DeMille, the film's creator of the show. As such, it is worth a visit. But not as a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his quotable legacy.
