Kim Basinger starred as Della, a housewife who has two children (Terri and Tammi - played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abusive fool for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, he also drives a nice car. He is on his mobile and argues with a business associate that I would accept. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is a mess, with shoes and toys lying around everywhere. This annoys him even more and he goes to his wife Della and asks her why the house is always a mess. He puts her on the wall. The twin looks from the stairs. He hits the wall, leaves a hole and goes away. She takes care of the children and tries to comfort them. After all this is done, she has to go to the mall to do some shopping and because she no longer has wrapping paper. She comes there and the parking lot is full, because there are many last minute buyers. As she searches for a parking space, she notices a car claiming two parking spaces, and that appeals to her. She finally finds a parking space, goes to the hoggish car, and leaves a note under the wiper that calls the owner a "selfish idiot." Then she goes to the mall to do her last shopping. <br /> <br /> When she finally leaves the mall, it closes and many people have already left. Not the owner of the car on which she left the note, she notices this on the way to her vehicle. She also notices that the note she left under the wiper is gone. Odd. When she gets to her vehicle, she gets in to start the vehicle. She notices a car coming up behind her and it prevents her from driving back. She gets out of the car and is confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie-played by Lukas Haas), to whom she has left the note, and a group of his bat friends. They scream and a mall cop (no, not Paul Blart) walks over to see what the problem is, just to blow Chuckie's brain out of his head. While this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts it and drives over the mean to herself. Chuckie and his troop jump into his car and pursue the persecution. Della crashes into a housing estate with her vehicle against a pile of wood, but she is unhurt. She manages to get to the rear of her vehicle, opens the tailgate and grabs a toolbox before the thugs come. <br /> <br /> Della spends the rest of the night overhauling and arming the clubs with the tools she only has as a tool in her toolbox. The first kill is the best in my opinion. The first kill that Della performs anyway. The last one was probably the weakest, and it was best to consider that this was the main villain she'd said. <br /> <br /> I admit that there will be some who scare the end and I myself was a little disappointed. Overall, it was a fun movie and moves well with a running time of 1 hour and 20 minutes.
