ATTENTION, SPOILER! <br /> <br /> Many people told me that "Planet of the Apes" is Tim Burton's worst movie and, besides that, much weaker than the original movie. So I decided not to see it. Another friend of mine who has not yet seen the movie has advised me to see him anyway because "a Tim Burton movie is still a Tim Burton movie." I decided to, and I realized he was right. <br /> <br /> It's clear that a remake of a famous movie like "Planet of the Apes" is automatically influenced by commercial thinking. Still, Tim Burton managed to portray his comic playfulness as well as "Beetlejuice" or "Batman". If you already like Burton movies, you may find it hard to dislike one of its films, even though it has a few shortcomings: nerve-wracking monkeys squeak, monkeys covered, and a lead actor who could easily have been replaced by someone else. <br /> <br /> What the movie is all about is an answer to the question: what is the result when Tim Burton is asked to create a remake? First, Burton would not be Burton if he did not refuse to call it a remake from the start. It is a "new idea". On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer in his movie has seen the very first film version with Charlton Heston (as a human being), and he knows that a remake does not exist without his model and that the two films will not stop being compared. So he plays in every moment of his film with this comparison, z. G. by reference to citations. In terms of storytelling, Burton does a brilliant job by answering open questions of the original first and then driving the entire audience to despair by destroying that wonderful clarity and making the movie with it. completed. And here is the spoiler? Leo comes back to earth and finds himself in a world that was apparently ruled by monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Well, this is the Burtonesian response to the expectations of the people they have because of the amazing, shocking ending of the first "Planet of the Apes". An end, even more unexpected, more amazing and: completely confusing because ?? and here I do not agree with different "Planet of the Apes" homepages and platforms? It makes no sense. It can have no meaning or just such a complicated one that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays his cruel games, he does it with a grin and he does it well. Burton fans will certainly like it, others may feel betrayed and complain about mannerism. Well, and I do not think producers will ever ask Burton to do a remake again?
