Gordon Parks, the successful photographer of the magazine black Life, has created a real time bomb for a film here - one that does not get lost! Based on the true story of two NYC policemen - later called Batman and Robin - who alone used radical tactics to clean up the drug environment in their neighborhood, this was a cop-buddy movie before that term became a repeating formula has been. Lightning fast, here there is no unimportant throwing scene. <br /> <br /> Man, in his early 70s, NYC, was a terrible place to be a cop, just as movies and "Serpico" look like. These two policemen start out as security department rookies and break up civilian clothes at their leisure. Instead of receiving applause from the city police department, however, they only receive resistance and opposition from their colleagues. They must move through a minefield full of police and judicial corruption, with tough tasks to keep them from working on the streets, reckless drug queens, and a nasty ghetto neighborhood. Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in the leads; Part of the entertainment is to see how Leibman's eyes go crazy in a flawless comic performance in every scene, and Selby's acting is unremarkable and funny. These two aspects are all comedic aspects of the story - they show a noticeable frustration with courageous determination. Director Parks, who has already reported on controversial topics in his photography, is not afraid of the ruggedness of the story. Rather, the film is uncompromising in portraying the tenacity of the world of police and street criminals who inhabit these two men. Adding to this realism is that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisors to the film and even appear in surreal cameo roles as two fellow officers who ridicule the protagonists. It is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parks' direction that he succeeds in bringing this depressing Mileu perfectly into line with gaudy comedy. <br /> <br /> Why has MGM / UA left it on the shelves for 30 years - it's hardly a home video or DVD release in the US? It is a small masterpiece from the 70s.
