I saw that half a lifetime ago on a black and white TV in a small Samoan village and thought it was hilarious. After seeing it for the second time so much later, I do not find it funny. I do not find EVERYTHING hilarious anymore. But this is a funny and carefree comedy that moves fast without stumbling, and I really enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is a 4F who desperately wants to crash into one of the armed forces. He rubs a lamp into the junkyard he manages, and a ghost seems to fulfill a few wishes. (Hmmm, right? But although the introduction is just okay, the fantasies are pretty lively.) MacMurray tells the genius that he wants to be in the army. Poof and he march along with Washington's soldiers into a particularly warm and inviting USO, where June Haver and Joan Leslie wear many lace doilies or whatever they wear and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurray to spy on the enemy - red coatings, German-speaking Hessians, not British. The Hessians are jammed into a beer-room and sing a very amusing drinking song that praises the virtues of the homeland "where the white wine is Winier / and the Rhine bank of the Rhine water / and the bratwurst is Mellower / and the yellow hairs are yellow Frauleins are Jucier / and the goose-tails are goose bumps. "Something like that. The characterizations are fabulous, as good as Sig Rumann's best. Otto Preminger is the suspicious and uncanny Hessian general. "You know, Heidelberg, Vee are 241 to 1 against you - but VE are not afraid." <br /> <br /> I can not go on with these fantasies for too long, but they are all pretty funny and also the lyrics. When he wishes he was in the Navy, MacMurray merges with Columbus and the imagination is presented as a grand opera. "Do not you know that sailing meant westward / a hugely expensive investment? / And who do you think has the resources to do it? When they see the New World, somebody notices that they look great." I do not care how it is "Columbus mumbles," but this place will be called Columbusland. "<br /> <br /> Anyway, everything is straightened out, even though the ghost is pretty drunk by then, and MacMurray lands in the Marine Corps with the right girl The kids will enjoy the clouds of smoke, the magic and the stupid love story The grown-ups will get a kick with the more sophisticated elements of the story (who are the Hessians?), Unless they're college graduates, in which case they want to Maybe stay with the legend and say, "Wow! Awesome! "
