Before crash, there was this interesting movie called the Grand Canyon. The Grand Canyon, released about 14 years earlier than the previous movie, was a film about two people with different backgrounds who all together formed a life as friends. For me Crash was still a slightly better movie, but the Grand Canyon was not a problem either. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles, a top-notch attorney named Mack (Kevin Kline) is just taking the city to assemble his car at the worst possible time. He calls for a tow truck and has to wait a while to be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the driver of the tow truck arrives at the perfect moment and kicks Simon (Danny Glover) out to take the truck. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack and the car out of trouble. From now on, a friendship develops between the two men over a lifetime, in which Mack helps Simon, just as Simon had previously helped him out of a dangerous situation. They see Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives with her two children in a dangerous neighborhood and fears for her eldest son, who seems to roam the streets at night with some evil people. Mack offers them a better place to live and connects Simon to the girlfriend of his secretary Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main feature of the movie, but there are other minor actions that involve the same thing. The secretary mentioned (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel), who discovers an abandoned baby, not long after her son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first movie role) went to camp for the summer and will likely soon continue with his own life. The details of all these actions are summed up in a complex film in which a police helicopter is used as a metaphor of life and as a bridge to connect the different scenes together. This simple plot device works very well and contributes significantly to the flow of the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest movie to date has been The Big Chill, made a great movie here. The cast is excellent and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately there is a lack of size, as some points that would have made the movie even stronger are glossed over. The story involving the secretary is one, and the second concerning Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been a bit more of the whole story, and then perhaps Lawrence might have been superior to Kasdan's views on life between the upper and lower classes rather than just very well. Nevertheless, the Grand Canyon surpassed expectations, and yes, you'll see a view of the canyon after which this movie was named. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, a producer of violent movies, who offers his own views about life and plays a small role in the ideas of this film.
