If you really want to know, as most actors and directors of Hollywood scene are where they are, will the vast majority say (assuming they will say) that a strange coincidence occurred. They met the right people at the right time and entered the right project that led to other connections and projects. Quinten Tarrantino attended an acting class whose instructor Harvey Keitel knew. Kevin Spacey took an old sleeping woman a pass behind the stage when he was spoken by a famous playwright who helped him to play an important role. And Robin Williams writes his career in Gary Marshall's son, who, after seeing "Star Wars", suggested to his father that an alien the Cunninghams of "Happy Days" to visit. These coincidences, which are often considered as pure luck, are shaping many careers in Hollywood today. Or is it pure luck? Is something else going on? "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, suggests a completely different explanation for the unexplainable, alias before the strange, miraculous coincidence. The film deals with different characters whose lives overlap by positive yet inexplicable events. Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, is experiencing a collapse in one of the more dangerous areas of LA. After calling a tow truck, a young gang bumps into him. They threaten by force if he does not leave his car. Shortly before the confrontation can escalate, Danny Glover appears as a tow truck driver and dampens the intentions of the gang. Although Glover later denies it, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap, violent movies gets shot in the leg and has a spiritual experience after the stations. Then he announces the retirement of the production of blood and blood. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), finds a baby who is hiding in a leaf while jogging in the morning. She claims that the baby had cried for her and that her "salvation" had been predetermined. The film examines the results of these strange connections, which lead to further relationships, an end to relationships and a new beginning. Throughout the film, a strange homeless man appears, as if somehow connected to everything that's going on. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood or for the movie in general to explore such a purely esoteric theme. There are some moments that seem a bit incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film to work is the outstanding acting of the actors. Although the miracles and coincidences may seem far-fetched, the actors believe they are experiencing these new realities. Maybe we should investigate this topic more often.
