I revisited the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I set out to work on one of the ten best lists of the 1990s. I saw the movie for the first time at the age of 17. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed and highly recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I videotaped it a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing movie about power listening, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times now and it entertains and inspires me every time I look at it. But why the bad reviews for this movie? Maltin's film guide gives two out of four. Too melodramatic, too much coincidence, too juicy, are the expressions that I read the most. Yes, there is a melodrama in this story, and yes, there is also a lot of coincidence. But it delivers with an intensity and power that seems supple. For all the "conspiracy" that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as car raid shootings, a chase, an earthquake, a love affair, the discovery of a child in bushes by a woman, another shooting, a near miss by a new driver and the mundane Advocate of a homeless man win this movie due to the intelligent performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. It succeeds also due to the skillful instruction and the writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know that this is not just another movie when you look at a sequence at the beginning of the film where Kevin Kline is molested by four black teenagers. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver who supports the Kline character, but only when he is molested by the leader of the group. Listen to the dialogue while the child suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me because of me or because I have a gun?". Grand Canyon is filled with one perception scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated as the best supporting actor as a film producer, who has a change of heart and then another change of heart. I think his character is a warning that "the good" can bring us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but for which we have to constantly fight instead of relying on it. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid the Grand Canyon might be lost forever in the wild by non-new releases at the video store. But with the deals now being offered for older releases up to 99 cents, I'd like to ask anyone who has read this in a reviewer's review to say that after renting it, Grand Canyon will be something special is. If you loved Magnolia, another movie with a large ensemble about deep humanistic themes, you'll love the Grand Canyon as well.
