This production was made in the mid-eighties and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. There has never been a film version of the novel (it's remarkably rich in subplots that actually serve as counterpoints, so it would have been very difficult to crop it). The novel was the only attempt by Dickens to make a central narrator (one in two in the work) to Mrs. Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who mistreat her (in the typical Dickens style). She is illegitimate, but they do not tell her about her lineage. Later we will deal with the nobleman Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is having an increasingly difficult time dealing with her private life and the involvement of family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We also participated in the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's friend) when we attempted to solve a lengthy case of the estate law firm, Jarndyce v. Berkeley. Jarndyce, who warns everyone (even Richard Cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns - is not worth the effort. Dickens had been a judiciary reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before writing fiction. Based on the promise break in PICKWICK PAPERS Dickens examined the law. Mr. Bumble said it was "an ass" in OLIVER TWIST, and Dickens would consistently support that view. He views the slums as a breeding ground for crimes in TWIST that the law hardly tries to heal. He attacks the law firm and overtakes inheritance laws as well as powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in the BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT, he attacks the prisons of the debtors (he had also met David COPPERFIELD). In OUR MUTUAL FRIEND, he looks at testers and wills. In the SECRET OF EDWIN DROOD he would obviously go to a murder trial. Dickens was far more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. However, the novel also deals with other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the emerging Scotland Yard detective, social snobbery) The Industrial Revolution). He also uses the novel to satiate different people: Leigh Hunt, the writer, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard, and even the infamous Maria Manning. Most of these items were retained in this fine miniseries version. If it appears again at a cable station, catch it.
