Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this film rated it 8, 9, or 10, and one user reported carrying six videotapes (Was this a record or just a faulty VCR?). Although the film is intended primarily as a historical piece, it clearly has an unusual fascination. But for some reason, I've mostly imagined it as a whimper, and until recently I never felt the need to see it. My opinion was changed by Elizbeth Von Arnim's original book. My wife loves to read, but her sight does not allow her much to read, so she borrowed the book as a talking book. Such books are usually irritating to a fellow who deals with other things, but I have gradually come to realize that this is seductively reassuring, though it is by no means syrupy and has been well written. I realized that my wife would like to see the movie, so I decided to buy her the videotape. I am now very happy that I did that and would certainly recommend his purchase to anyone who appreciates a calm, reflective work without firecrackers, but with well constructed character development and a very successful Italian atmosphere before Mussolini. The story takes place immediately after World War I and begins with two married London ladies, who decide to pool their savings and enjoy a holiday away from their families in a rented villa in Italy. The power of circumstance causes this couple to connect with two others with very different characters and backgrounds. His theme is essentially nothing more than the interactions that take place during the vacation, not just between these four very different mature ladies, but also with occasional male visitors. If you want action, thrills, dramatic sex scenes, natural disasters, or man-made harlequin-style disasters or romance novels, this is not the movie for you. However, IMDb users have shown collectively and emphatically that none of this is necessary for a movie to be extremely rewarding, and if you really want to try it out, you can count it like yours to your favorite movies. <br /> <br /> It's pretty rare for me to watch a movie of a book that I'm already familiar with. In many cases, I find the pleasure of something to look at the movie, but here is so strong a visual appeal that I actually found the joy of seeing the expectation, the next section of the book effectively unrolled before my eyes. (Maybe Italy itself has a role to it, the last time I had this experience when I saw on television stories of Decameron from Boccaccio.) In general, movies from books increase the dramatic level of the original work to make sure the filmed version It has an even broader appeal, but if anything, it is reduced to direct viewers' attention to gradual character development rather than background events. This works very well, though there are only a few changes, and the film remains true to the original story. The director Mike Newell and all the members of the cast, especially the well-known British actresses, who play the four main actresses deserve great recognition.
