Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of the largest royal families in America, become orphans at a young age. Just before he goes to France to fight in World War I, Fiona's father, the oldest, says never to sell the land. When the sisters grew up, they had to waste most of their money to pay lawyers to defend their assets. Through certain loopholes in the father's will, a man named Charles Barclay may take possession of the land of Gaylord, on which he plans to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy New York families to build the Rockefeller Center. This film deals mainly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, though she certainly can not be counted among her best roles, looks like a cold, domineering woman and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in her wardrobe. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a bit dark and completely in love with a young modern artist called Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a presumptuous seductress with a monocle who has married noble blood in England, but that does not stop her from stealing gig from her sister. The three sisters are pretty well developed, but as the main trend at The Gay Sisters is never good enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, he would be satisfying if the story had developed as it should have been, but he always seems like a scumbag in the movie. If we are asked to sympathize with him late in the film, that is impossible. Gig Young is played by Gig Young. No, he does not play himself. What happened is that the actor, who had previously played in several movies under his real name Byron Barr, was pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final decision, but he eventually changed his name to Gig Young, based on the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Funny, right? Young is pretty good through most of the movie, but the script does some unfortunate things with his character late in the movie, ultimately damaging the audience's liking for him. Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good in two other supporting roles. <br /> <br /> The Gay Sisters had great potential to prove to be one of the great cinematic family legends. The characters are as interesting as their situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for anything more than the simplest melodrama. Had the context of all the main characters been made more complex, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna more concrete, or the flashback more complicated, the film could have been fantastic. It could have refined the prologue further, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We have to take more care of the characters and be more sympathetic to them. And the end required some important corrections. It basically just ends up. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Whatever the sympathy of her character had gained in the course of the film falls apart. It is too happy too. This story seems to be moving towards tragedy or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved. As bad as Fiona's story ends, Susannas, Gigs and Evelys are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It is quite understandable, even if we are not involved in it like other great films of the time. 7/10, mainly because of its potential. It would have had to be redone or the novel should have been redesigned sometime during the studio time. It's too old to be redone now. The 50s would have been the best time during the time of movies like Giant.
