I saw Rob Roy for the first time 12 years ago. With little money for entertainment, I rented it for my fiancee and I looked in on a bitterly cold winter night. The movie I had wanted was gone, so I rented it without much to expect, and was very surprised at how good it was. I reviewed it recently and enjoyed it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> Those unfamiliar with the story are the Scottish outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, a cattleman and folk hero. From the little I know about the man and his story, the freedoms have been factualized, but it's a movie, not a textbook, and so the filmmakers can be excused. Basically, the plot of the film is that Rob Roy borrowed money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle, which he then wants to sell and make a big profit. His plan is thwarted, however, when the money-entrusted friend in the forest is robbed of cash and murdered. Our hero is on the run after he has not settled the affair with the Marquis, and Mary, his wife, is suffering a sadistic rape by Archibald Cunningham, a scruffy Englishman with no soul. Atrocities follow until Rob shakes up Archibald in a most satisfying conclusion, like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this film, but I would like to mention a few. Liam Neeson is fantastic as always, a sexy beast you can not miss. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: even if he is bad, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man who strives to care for those who depend on him in the best way he can. Jessica Lange, as Mary, gives this woman a fierceness, which is a nice change from the simple, boring movie women, the audience usually endure. They only know that she does not take B. from Rob or anyone else. Tim Roth is completely overwhelmed with his portrayal of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All the posing and cleaning, coupled with some nasty dialogues, has led to one of the most memorable movie villains lately. Combine all this and the outstanding work of other supportive players with the lush scenery of Scotland, and you have what counts to a really cool movie. If you have not seen this, I strongly recommend that you do so.
