In 1995, with so many people talking about Mel Gibson's great premiere of BRAVEHEART, another very beautiful but underrated film about Scottish history, ROB ROY, was also seen. Although it is a very different film, mainly because of the historical story in which the story takes place, ROB ROY has much to do not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> It's a film that covers similar topics, such as the fight for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, and the family as the key to happiness. It also leads us to the luck of the Scottish Highlands, where the human soul finds peace, surrounded by all the splendor of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the protagonist, is a true hero (so universal in epics), a sort of "Scottish Robin Hood" who seeks to lead his people out of repression by cold-hearted lords. Although he has worsened his situation through action and suffered greatly, two things remain undeniably in his mind: HONOR, that he is given by himself and LOVE to his wife Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Apart from the interesting content and the lively action, the film is filled with really impressive pictures. This factor has to do with the sets and locations of the movie as well as the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the memory of every viewer who can gain an insight into artistic images. For me, the greatest scene in the Highlands was when Rob Roy told his boys what honor really means. Then he sends her away and loves his wife. The scene in which he escapes Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) the waterfall is also worth a look as an impressive picture. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some graphic acts of violence, such as in duels, but I do not think that this violence would be just as harmful as in many other modern films. His justification is like any other epic: bloodshed and cruelty were very serious then and it would be pointless to hide it. The most unsettling scene for me was the rape the story's villain did to Rob Roy's wife: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It is really disgusting and children should definitely stay away. The remainder, however, is O.K. There is, however, one aspect that made me really love this movie, the Performances. <br /> <br /> All the performers do perfect work, from the leading Lian Neeson, who fits very well to the role of the big, brave, strong man. A Scottish man supporting Brian Cox, who represents the evil Killearn, a silent witness terrible deeds that feel comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments of the movie. In many of her scenes there is chemistry between Mrs. Lange and Mr. Neeson. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a great job as Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the goal that is accomplished by all means. I like the calm of his presentation. The real villain, however, is played by Tim Roth, who is truly the miserable side of his character Archibald - a man who mocks love, loves war, and finds true lust in rape and slaughter. But as in any good epic, this extraordinary evil must end ... <br /> <br /> And another aspect: the music score: those memorable and sentimental tunes that will ring in your ears for a long time. The last moment moved me to tears, not only because of the beauty it conveys, but also because I have deeply combined these blissful melodies with the size of places. Scotland stays in the heart of its visitor and this movie reminded me of that lasting effect. It was like my second trip to Scotland. <br/> <br /> ROB ROY is a very nice movie, very well directed, photographed and played. It may not be equivalent to BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and masses of extras in combat scenes, but it's a fairly long, attention-grabbing movie focused on a very important feature a movie should have: stunning entertainment combined with heartfelt education. I really enjoyed this movie, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "Highland of Entertainment" and rate it 9/10
