Too bad for this beautiful movie that he had to be released in the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different film, the conflict between Scottish citizens and the English nobility is also the focus here. It took about 400 years between Braveheart and Rob Roy, but some things never seemed to change. Scotland is still run by English noblemen, and the Highlanders never seem to slow down with them. Rob Roy is well done, but not the big epic, which was Braveheart. There are no big battles, and there are more conflicts between individuals. And helpful, so that not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy is simply a movie about honorable people and those who are really evil. Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his basic function is to protect and protect the cattle of the local nobleman known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). The situation for the MacGregor clan looks pretty crude with the coming winter and it seems that food is missing for all. Rob Roy puts together a plan to lend £ 1,000 from the Marquis and buy livestock. He would then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the common good of his community. Sounds fair, right? Problems arise when two cronies of the Marquis steal the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever shot in the film. Wonderfully played by Tim Roth, this man is a destitute nobleman sent by his mother to the Marquis. This man is disgusting womanish, rude, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He has a child with a virgin and does not bear the responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him out of his house. This guy is really as lazy as movie characters come. Together with another Marquis (Brian Cox) people, Cunningham steals the money and uses it to settle his own debts. Although it is painfully obvious to most people what has happened, the Marquis MacGregor is still holding onto debt. This leads to a conflict that will cost many lives and challenge the strengths of a man who is simply struggling to cling to his dignity. <br /> <br /> spoilers ahead !!!!! Fortunately for the MacGregor, a Duke, who is not a friend of the Marquis, is having a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to solve the conflict for all. This sword fight was filmed by many as one of the best ever made. Many consider Cunningham a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, these attributes seem to be winning. When Rob Roy seems ready, he turns the tables shockingly grotesque. When you see what happens for the first time, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed, wonderfully played and perfectly timed. The score is also memorable. The casting decisions seem to have worked out when Jessica Lange, who seems to be out of her element, actually represents one of the strongest performances as Mary MacGregor. The movie is violent, but there is not too much gore. However, it is a pleasurable picture full of deviant behavior. The nobility is largely played as amoral and sloppy. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
