This is the moving story of Scotland's legendary hero Rob Roy and his battles with the feudal owners. Like Braveheart, to which it is often compared, it is not very historical. Despite their predominantly fictional character, I appreciate both films and find it difficult to choose between the two. The 13th century William Wallace is, as others have noted, a larger than life national figure, while in the early 18th century Rob Roy appears as an honorable, but ordinary Scot. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a clan chief Robert Roy McGregor, who lives with his wife Mary and his two sons in a Scottish highland house. As the movie begins, he and his fellow humans hunt down some thieves who have stolen the cattle of the local lord. Rob Roy then wants to improve the living conditions of his people so that he lends one thousand Scottish pounds to a local nobleman, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy livestock for the sale of herds. He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend Alan McDonald. If both McDonald and the money go missing, Rob Roy gets into conflict with Montrose and his vile protege Archibald Cunningham and his seedy Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also put to the test as Montrose attempts to engage him in false statements against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, whom he claims to be a Jacobite. The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant The kilted Highlander Rob Roy, an intelligent, male and noble hero and a man whose ambition is crucial to this story. Personally, I think this is Neeson's best performance, and his brogue (though Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, brave and honest man whose word you can trust. He is a loving husband and father, and his friend McDonald, who is accused of robbing him, is touchingly loyal. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully portrays his main opponent and certainly one of the most vile and sadistic cinematic villains, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish, ruthless stray peacock. He is very effeminate for someone who makes it their main business to inspire native women, whether willing or not. The wretched Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard who does not know the identity of his own father, though this hardly justifies his terrible misdeeds of murder, rape, and theft. He also relentlessly throws off the young servant Betty after she became pregnant with her child, which led to her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and crappy Montrose, who is eventually called the father of Cunningham. The film is essentially the very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, which beautifully depicts the passionate relationship between Rob and Roy. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should observe this husband and wife! I think the phrase this couple uses, "How good you are to me ...", is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in the entire cinema. <br /> <br /> The most compelling performance may come from Jessica Lange as Rob's wife Mary McGregor. Without make-up, she looks pretty, but of course like a robust peasant woman and mother. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham while the disgusting killearn is watching. Their dialogue is simply spoken, but full of pride and grace. I'll tell Hollywood that they've shown enough on the rape scene to reveal their cruelty and Maria's pain and humiliation, but nothing that should lead to a sensation. Her relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional distress when he learns of Maria's rape, and further torture when she swears to secrecy to never reveal her injury to Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film contains the beautiful scenery of the Scottish Highlands, sumptuous costumes and appropriate musical instrumentation. There are no big fighting scenes like in Braveheart, but constant action and a particularly gripping sword fight in the last duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a fascinating film that includes both tense action and a beautiful love story.
