Great spoiler !! This is for people who have seen the movie !! <br /> <br /> Commentators have touched on the main theme of "honor" in the film and too many comparisons with "Braveheart". I would like to point out a few things about this movie that I have not seen any further comments on: <br /> <br /> This film has a distinctly different approach to abortion. The first character to become pregnant is the Rogue's girlfriend (Roth), and if he coldly suggests an abortion, she says it's too late for that. The shame of her situation ("I'm supposed to have a bastard.") Causes her to commit suicide in a much later scene. The second character to get pregnant is Mary, Rob's wife, after a rape of Roth's character (and at least one sex scene with her husband Rob). Late in the movie, as Rob sets off for a final confrontation with Roth, Mary asks what to do about pregnancy of questionable origin, with a tone that suggests abortion. Rob responds in a noble tone, "It's not the child's fault," and then states how he should find the girl's name, girl or boy. I find this "pro-life" position of the hero very un-Hollywood. Rob goes out of the darkness of the house to make that comment - not accidental imagery. Another related topic is Roth's character is a bastard, someone who obviously does not know who his father was and has little friendly words for his mother, though he carries a picture of her in a case hanging from his neck. Is it a coincidence that Roth (without family stability) is the walking definition of a psychopath, while Rob is the strong husband / father figure and of course the hero. In the last sword fight between Rob and the villain (Roth), the former cuts deeply over the chest - the left side of the chest, over the heart. His employer and pseudo-father figure (John Hurt figurine) holds the image of the mother in his hand and looks at it before ripping it out of the dead Roth's neck. <br /> <br /> Also interesting, I find the direction of the rape scene, which was not quite graphic, but also not outside the camera and implied. I found it surprising in his somewhat objective presentation. Mary convincingly demonstrated the characteristics of a person undergoing the ordeal and the subsequent post-traumatic stress (as we now call it). My point is that the rape was neither sensitized nor implied, which I recommend for Hollywood as an interesting middle ground. <br /> <br /> In the final battle scene I have to correct a previous commentator: The gun Roth chose a rapier (or maybe a short sword), the gun Rob had chosen was a claymore. Someone has really done his homework in this scene. Roth would have the upper hand in such a situation, but of course the Claymore is a decidedly Scottish weapon. Even more striking to me (as a fencer and someone who has read a bit about it), this final swordplay is one of the most convincing films ever made: the actors actually seem to be trying to kill each other - not the usual slashes of the opposing blade, that we see in most movie fights (including the opening fight). Roth is even more likely in the past to use the rapier several times as a thrust weapon. (Rapiers were sharp-edged, but primarily a thruster whose edges were used primarily to distract an enemy.) Rob uses the Claymore in large slashes. The fight is as expected, Roth wins effectively. Although Rob wins the day by snatching up Roth's weapon (more symbolism) and killing him with a hefty cut. <br /> <br /> People, it's RARE to see this historical accuracy in a film fight with sword fights. I'll also note that for some reason, I remember 1995 (the year of dismissal) as a time of mistrust of the US government remember. Hollywood was obviously attuned to this with the release of "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart," and I think the anti-government leanings are the reason why both movies get so much comparison. <br /> <br /> I think the other perspective this film offers refreshes avid movie fans who are fed up with the same old, not so hidden messages from Hollywood.
