So the neighbor killed the neighbor. Reminds me of Iraq. As I watched the American flag (50 stars in 1864?) Being pulled behind the horse, I realized why it does not bother me to burn that red and white and blue piece so much as our destruction / indifference the Bill of Rights. I am a Southerner and must have a historical memory. <br /> <br /> If one learns the Tobey McGuire character to respect the dignity of a former slave, he considers the scalp of blacks and Germans (his ethnic background)) to be betting on a poker game ... was interesting , Many twists in this movie. The woman who is forced to marry shows both lust and a strong will, traits that we do not know in "respectable Victorian Southern beauties." Some insights on why my cousin, head of the Copeland Horse Dieb Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, was hung at this time. Groups of homeless people moved through the country armed. Remember Iraq? And how similar are we under the facade of religion and ethnic background? And why are the southerners still fighting today against this civil war? Too bad that we can not use the same knowledge in our dealings with the land we have just invaded and occupied, and cause civil war everywhere. This is Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, and it is a misfortune to sit on oil. The wild-eyed murderers in Missouri who are plundering Lawrence, Kansas could as easily be the insurgents we are now successfully fighting. <br /> <br /> Another anomaly was the father's tribute to the Yankees who are pulling in Lawrence and setting up a school "even before they build a church, and for that reason they will win." Huh ????? I taught history in Birmingham, Al, and we've learned that the North is much more industrial and richer ... that's why they won. Of course, they did have God on their side. As you can see, the liberated slave shows that he frees his mother, who is slaveryed in Texas. God, what a terrible legacy of slavery has given us. <br /> <br /> To behave well, lots of blood and blood while the warriors happily ride into battle (without, however, hearing a rebel cry reminiscent of football matches Alabama). You also get a real sense of how stupid the war was when the Bushmen and Jayhawkers put their troops together for another raid. They have lost sight of why they are fighting and so are we. Only a senseless carnage. <br /> <br /> They are also up to date with the flabby children coming home from Iraq, when the Bushwacker (ahh, what connotations) first scorches the arm and tries to rescue him then then amputates and dies. So much suffering for such a stupid thing. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is fantastic. Now I have to go back to the DVD and the production notes, one of my favorite parts of a movie. I suspect that this movie was written by Gore Vidal, as the spoken language is of a type you would associate with this era if you knew the story. The dialogue is definitely thought-provoking. By no means your usual war movie about blood and courage. They see the wounded but still active soldiers who are still fighting because they have nothing else to do. They see the southern robbers who live off the land and steal indiscriminately. In the beginning, however, you saw that the fight was stopped, so the women could be evacuated out of danger. As I died of the growing number of women and children in Iraq, I think, "Where did we as a people lose our sense of honor?" I forgot why I went to this movie and bought it after 20 years, but somewhere it has praised somewhere. For good reason. Tobey at his best, in front of the Spideyman. Buy the DVD or borrow it. And tell me why others praise this, not just liberals.
