Ride With the Devil has something rich and special if you can stand the slow evolution. During the brutal guerrilla warfare in the American West during its civil war (which in turn produced the criminals of the old West of the 1870s), the film manages a strangely satisfying, unmanipulated atmosphere. I refer to the tendency of music and lighting of films that you feel the mood that you would expect. But instead, RWTD has a relatively optimistic soundtrack and lets the mood be determined by words and actions rather than manipulating the senses of the viewer. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiasm for this particular area of ​​CW story, 'I am very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diologue is expertly written (sometimes even with subtle humor) and includes references to Bushwhackers and earlier border battles (Independence for example ... far from the Oregon Trail!). The smaller events that occur in Jake's band are similar to the actual events that occurred ... especially the attack when they hide in the house and the destruction of the shop / stand. The fight scenes are rare but pretty well performed. Even the first CW cavalry battle was recently filmed. <br /> <br /> The director shows the talent that everyone from Ang Lee expects in a subtle way. Example: The character of Black John is insulted during the massacre with a resident of Lawrence: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight? Who are we to fight?" (The shot changes to a trio of Confederate tribal members who stand and stand to stop the carnage while the voice continues to run - they are all cowards! "Who are the cowards really? Such little details really improve the quality of the movie <br /> <br /> There are no major critical areas in the story, something that can not be said of Glory's masterpiece, which was basically a fiction in the context of the film, followed by major events the fact that the years depicted by the events presented do not add up, but you'll never notice that, and one more curiosity is the fact that the only Afro-American gun-maker in the movie is the quasi-slave fighting for Jake and his Confederate Bushwhackers It is true that some blacks fought outside for the Confederation, including one who had beaten Lawrence before the Quant attack Rill explored (who would suspect him?). Although this black rebel is a fascinating figure (whatever the African Americans may think of him), the film does not feature a single black infantry infantryman in the Union, which would have been more representative of the black experience in the western CW. One of the first black regiments of the CW was set up in Kansas (by killer Senator Jim Lane and before the organization of the 54th Mass Reg. Of Fame). Black troops played a critical role in battles such as Baxter Springs (KS). <br /> <br /> No gross historical mistakes. Good, realistic action that is rare and not grateful. Good Direction This movie may not be the blockbusters that were other recent civil wars, but it's the cleanest job of all.
