The war between states was perhaps the darkest hour in American history; a war in which brother and brother fought against family and family and left scars that are still not healed today and most likely never will. And as in any history of war, beyond any historical meaning, it is the personal cleavage behind the larger conflict that creates the emotional impulse that engages it. It is the human element that makes the context necessary to give it perspective. This is what director Ang Lee introduces in "Ride With the Devil", a civil war drama in which he focuses on the personal grievances within the broader portrayal of the war itself and succeeds in making it one of the bloodiest chapters of the war To investigate the infamous raid of Quantrill and his robbers on Lawrence, Kansas, which he can present fairly objectively from the point of view of the Confederation. <br /> <br /> In 1863, in the state of Kansas, the Union's influence prevails, and even in neighboring Missouri, those with Confederate loyalties find it increasingly difficult to assert themselves against the invading Northerners, especially without help from what one does could refer to as "normal" Confederate troops. And when it gets really hot in your own city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) make their own band and play wherever possible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like the war and do not like killing it; but they stand for what they think is right. <br /> <br /> However, there are others, including men, like the young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who will use the conflict as a vehicle for personal gain and only as an excuse for their own violence through unnecessary To express brutality, which in many cases has been committed against innocent victims. And so it will be for Jack Bull and Jake as well as for many, as well as for them, at a time when loyalty and moral judgments are being put to the test. a time when their souls are tempered with blood. And they will have to ride even with the devil, against seemingly insurmountable contradictions. As with all of his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through a penetrating yet subtle engagement with cultural traditions, aspects and moral attitudes of the people and times he represents. And at the same time, Lee gives his audience at least some understanding of his subject matter that goes beyond the actual story, perhaps ultimately providing a deeper insight into the motivations that drive his characters and the drama they are dealing with. Whether it is the traditions and customs that are responsible for the relationship between a father and his daughters ("Eat Drink Man Woman"), the effects of class differentiation ("sense and sensibility"), the honor and the code, according to the one Warrior lives and dies ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") or the moral ambiguities that are evoked by the absence of the above factors ("The Ice Storm"), Lee gives his films insights into the human condition that takes them to a higher level Bring the level. This movie is no exception; and (as with all of his films) Lee presents his story with breathtaking cinematography (in this film by Frederick Elmes, who has also brilliantly crafted "The Ice Storm"), which under his leadership is nothing short of visual poetry. It's that special Lee note that adds a wistful, reflective feel to any story he tells. This is one of the elements that make his films so memorable. <br /> <br /> As Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film, which depends so effectively on the maturity he later conveys as the story unfolds, and his character. Most importantly, though, Maguire has a compelling and believable response to the events that unfold around him, adding to the credibility of the overall film and underscoring the realism of the presentation: his stoic acceptance of death and the message of the "murdered" in the various Skirmishes and battles; the ethical decency of the people he meets, even in troubled times; the betrayal that is almost commonplace because of the nature of the conflict; and the loyalties and beliefs that he and his companions stubbornly cling to. All this is done by Maguire through his performance and it is not a small accomplishment. However, it is the kind of unobtrusive performance that is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate; Work like this is worthy and should be recognized. <br /> <br /> Skeet Ulrich is as effective as Jack Bull and Jewel (in her film debut) turns into a captivating performance than Sue Lee Shelley. However, Jeffrey Wright, who stands out in a notable supporting role as Daniel Holt, is equally like Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who poses a troubling Christopher Walken-like threat to his role as Pitt. Mark Ruffalo leaves a lasting impression on a cameo role (a scene) with a very short screen time. <br /> <br /> The cast includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel ) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs. Chiles). The civil war will forever be an open wound for the nation; But over time, hopefully, it will be through the objective considerations of filmmakers like Ang Lee and films like "Ride With the Devil," which will ultimately help close the schism and promote healing. In the light of recent events, this is urgently needed worldwide. Film is a strong medium; It can be educational as well as entertaining, and perhaps more filmmakers like Ang Lee will in the future find and promote a sense of unity through the sensitive portrayal of the events and attitudes that make us who we are. 8.10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
