Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films have been "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm," turned to the American Civil War for his latest film. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, it follows the successes of a group of southern guerrillas known as bush lurkers fighting against their northern equivalents, the Jayhawkers in the backwater of Missouri. <br /> <br /> As you might expect There are a variety of interventions, but the focus is on the tension the war exerted on the young men who fought against him - many of them fought against their former neighbors and even against the family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is one such man, or rather a boy, since he is only seventeen years old when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a Unionist, he joins his lifelong friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the Bushmen. Despite his lack of acceptance due to his descent and unwillingness to participate in the assassination of unarmed union members, he remains faithful to the cause. His friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another bush hacker and fighting for the South. Lee treats the subject with flying colors, without the deep introspection in which the plot requires exaggerating in favor of action, and this gives the film a sense of the reality of the war - long periods of boredom and waiting, with intense flashes of intense lightning , terrifying fights are provided. The action is unglamorous and admirably open, as both sides have committed a great number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are outstanding, both Maguire and Wright are brave and worthy. Aspiring Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is a particularly cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is relish and arrogant. Lee never shies away from the reality of war, but his actors do an admirable job proving the good that comes of it - the growing friendship, the demonstration of courage, and, on a larger scale, the liberation of the oppressed peoples. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shakes but keeps the audience moving.
