<br /> <br /> Anticipating Ang Lee's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw this at Blockbuster and thought I would try. A Civil War movie is not the typical movie I watch. Luckily I had a good feeling with this director. This movie was wonderfully written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but does not sound exaggerated and outdated. The spectacular acting helped this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was great. I thought he was good at Pleasantville (but nothing special), but here he seems. I've always thought Skeet Ulrich was a good actor (but nothing special), but he's also excellent here. The big shock for me was jewel. She was incredibly good. Jeffrey Wright, of whom I had never heard before, is also excellent in this film. It seems to me that good acting and good writing and governance go hand in hand. A film with bad writing makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie had the perfect combination. The actors look brilliant and character development is spectacular. In this movie you want and want good things for others and bad things for others. You really get to know the characters, all of which are very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and always keeps you on the seat edge and is always ready for anything. Dozens of times, I was sure that someone would be killed in quiet spots in the movie that were "too quiet" (brilliant directing). This was also a beautifully shot movie. The scenery was not breathtaking (it's in Missouri and Kansas for goodness sakez), but there has clearly been a lot of attention in choosing great nature settings. Feels rough and sturdy, but retains an elegance that is very pleasing to the eyes. The movie was deep. It told a story and made you think. It had layers under this outer civil war history. Specifically, it focused on two characters who were not quite sure what they were fighting for. There were many profound topics covered in this film, too many to figure out. It was like a beautifully written short story, full of symbolism and artistic extras that make you think during and after the story. If you like good acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directorial work of all time, watch this movie! Seize a chance.
