Easily 9 out of 10 for a film by director we will continue to admire. But do not look at this movie and expect it to be entertained. Ang Lee objectively considers a relatively unexplored aspect of civil war. The beauty of the movie is that, like all Lee's films, he does not "settle for" his characters. He creates characters, personifies them with life, problems and ambiguity ... and gives them a reality that often comes closer to home than the one that makes many feel good. This movie has action, but it's not for action lovers, as the violence is deeply disturbing and in no way unfounded ... d. H. Like the characters, she is real. And as you would expect from one of humanity's most terrible wars, violence is appalling. <br /> <br /> But as an exploration of the larger human ambiguity that certainly lived in the Civil War, it is a masterpiece. Was the war for slavery and abolition? Lee seems quite ready to blur this line, which is so popular in depictions like blue and gray. But it's not about idealism, as you see it blown by the wind. It's about freedom, the desire to have something that belongs to you and to fight for it. As you watch the characters, you will ask, "How can you fight to get slavery?" The fact is, I do not think they really are, and in that the film shows the problem of why so many were caught up in the whirlpool of civil war. The fact seems to be clear to many of the characters we learn about, for reasons of loyalty to "home", although they may never have investigated what homeland means or whether they are really committed to their values. The lettering scenes are very moving and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty that reach their limits. And when the tension finally engages and these characters are suddenly "free" ... we see the birth of new men. <br /> <br /> All this blends with Lee's beautiful inclusion of the human environment with breathtaking views and frames. Lee has a style that is somehow somewhat European in his "art" (a slow camera, not rasterized), Asian in its epic and evolutionary history, yet somehow known and easily accessible to so many North Americans /> <br /> Relax yourself, let go of your prejudices about what the Civil War is, what "Western" is as a genre, what a war movie should be ... and let Ang Lee hijack you into such a fragile world, so hard, so real, that few of us can see it comfortably. In this regard, Lee continues his work in Ice Storm. Again, the film is slow, with no obvious "direction" ... a sure sign that Lee's directing can be done without "imposing" himself in the story or on the screen. His direction is reinforced by what he brings forth from Jewel (yes, the singer), a hitherto unproven actress who does an amazing job. <br /> <br /> A movie for those who love movies and not lovers of music are standard Hollywood epic.
