I've seen this movie on DVD twice now, and on both occasions it has not impressed me with its unique, impartial attitude. It seems more a representation of reality than most other Hollywood courts, especially on a topic that is still hotly debated. Although it fits in very closely with the Southern viewpoint, it can not be questioned, and in the end, the only condemned sentence is that the war will be lost, no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <What really makes this film outstanding is the refusal to make excessive drama. Nowadays, really good films (in a nutshell) are few and far between. Mainstream fares are enjoyable (if you do not have high expectations), but terribly commercial. I think this movie is a really good movie (without being a masterpiece) because it sticks to itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to view and analyze it, rather than bombarding it with action and emotions to eradicate it Intelligence. This movie is cool, attentive and generally judiciously judging what is GOOD. <br /> <br /> The story has its faults, especially the character of Jewel is doubtful, but on the other hand, the situation was so chaotic at the time that it could have been logical for a young widow, somehow back in one to return to normal life, even if you generously take every next man. Nevertheless, she is not weak, in fact I think she is one of the stronger characters, she always has the control over the relationships, the men only meet. And I'm very grateful that she's not a weeping widow. I believe that in the 19th century the death of a loved one was a little more normal than it is now. They could die so easily from minor illnesses and injuries, so that the prospect of someone dying and certainly causing grief does not traumatize people as it is now. People did not seem to build shrines over their lost ones like they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> I recommend intelligent people to watch this movie if they are in the mood for something different from the usual Hollywood dishes. Do not pay attention if you want uninterrupted action or heartbreaking emotions.
