One of the less acclaimed promotions of the recent Asian action affair Gojoe is a slow and often curious, but overall pretty grandiose offer, exciting, layered and beautiful. I am saddened to say that I know practically nothing about the Buddhist philosophy or the Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film, so that its deeper meaning for me is lost. But even without contextual knowledge, this is still a rich affair that incorporates a traditional fantasy structure, a powerful higher level. The story is about Benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the Gojoe Bridge demon: Prince Shanao, himself a deadly seeker to his own higher level, but this time with the power of the demons. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusion, and in Benkei's case, indecision, a conflict in which the ultimate goal is self-knowledge, Benkei reconciles with his true nature and Prince Shanao is confronted with the nature of him. Benkei is hampered even more by the fact that his dark nature fundamentally makes him at odds with the world, even when he is not in an open conflict, he is never calm. Director Sogo Ishii treats this as an epic, with measured pace, camera work always stylish and often insane, without neglecting the need for some quieter moments to submerge the environment. There's also plenty of light and fog to create an ethereal light. There's a touch of fantasy in much of the film in the atmosphere, but outside of the obvious supernatural moments, it's a rundown and dirty fantasy that takes more time than it does Imagination. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, lively and detailed, a very moving affair. Actingwise Daisuke Ryu as Benkei is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery, while Tadanobu Asano as Prince Shanao has a cold arrogance. From the attacks, Masatoshi Nagase completes things as an ordinary man, smart and cynical, but still not exactly aware of what is at stake. The movie works well together, but sometimes it's a bit dull, it starts slowly, some settings are a bit tedious and sometimes the epic battle scenes take longer than they really have to do. As far as the fighting is concerned, it is more frenetic than actual movements. It has an artistic influence but disappoints regular action fans who are often obscured by objects, flashing blades and fast-moving individuals, and beat themselves with deadly force by their opponents. It is invigorating to see, but in the end I would have something more Traditionalism can get along. There is also some unfortunate CGI bloodshed, it seems a bit contextual but still distracting. All in all, though I thought it was a pretty great movie, this movie is not for regular action fans or sword fighting enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, but rather a deeper and more mystical beast. Its end will not be particularly well received by fans of the generic wing of such a fare. But for me it was really just the thing, and for those who are more adventurous, so it could be. Anyway, good to recommend.
