This movie is referred to as one of the ten most popular films of all time. Many people who are seeing it for the first time and who know little about many of the topics in the film probably will not understand why I find it so intriguing, so I will try to explain it ... <br /> <br /> The film is very rich in historical details and cultural insights, and although it has some minor anachronisms, they are completely dispensable. The story is a retelling of the famous duel between the Monk Benkei and the young Prince Yoshitsune at the Gojo Bridge. In the battle of legend, Yoshitsune defeats Benkei and the monk becomes a loyal follower of the prince. However, this film is a reworking of this story and includes war, dark prophecy, and political maneuvering. <br /> <br /> One of the main themes in the movie is "Mappo", which is the prophecy of Buddha after 1000 years, his teachings would fail and the world would fall into chaos. In Heian Japan, after the outbreak of Mt. Fuji and the civil war between Taira (Heike) and Minamoto (Genji), the world was in anarchy and everything was collapsing. It is a time of demons. Next up is the way the film solves the problem of Yoshitsune sword training by Karuma's Tenku (Raven Goblins). Defeated clans often fled into the mountains and disguised themselves as demons to deter the natives. It is said that Ninja clans have historically originated there. Yoshitsune's presentation in Gojo beautifully captures all of this. <br /> <br /> Then there is Benkei and the various tribes of Buddhism, including many esoteric Buddhism of the Shingon sect. These are all fairly well represented, and in order to achieve that certain something, the film conveys the power of meditation and ki-energy in a way that makes it an integral part of the story, that is, it uses magical realism, to give the film an extra dimension, however, film makes it tactical and threatening. All in all, it's filled with intriguing treats and rings that are surprisingly lifelike for those days. The landscape and the costumes are absolutely essential and very authentic. The soundtrack is great, very dark and threatening. I also thought that the actual acting performances were surprisingly good. Benkei is a great, brutal anti-hero, Shanao (Yoshitsune) is portrayed as a young man who reaches his limits and is drunk more and more on his own, and Tetsukichi, the blacksmith, provides an interesting portrayal of the "common man" and his unflattering opinion about the murderers who imagine his social opponents. <br /> <br /> To see why it is so good, I suggest that you dig up an old book about Japanese history. Like this retelling an almost carefree story between Robin Hood and Little John about a bloody history of intrigue Makes violence and hellish karma.
