The Ogre seems to have acquired since its release in 1988, not a very good reputation. One reason for this could be the fact that he got the subtitle 'Demons 3' to sell him better. The film is directed by Lamberto Bava. the man behind the first two Demons films, and ogres and demons are somehow similar (insofar as they are both 'monsters' anyway) ... but otherwise this film has no connection to the other two films. It is pretty good though! Italian filmmakers are known for demolishing popular films, and that's not entirely obvious. it seems to me that this has a pretty small influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a female horror writer who moves to a castle in Italy with her husband and son. She is followed by memories from her childhood and found an ogre in her cellar. It is not long after moving into the castle before these visions return ... and it can be more than just a coincidence, as she has come to believe that there is a murderous ogre in the cellar. The film was obviously shot on a budget and it was made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; But what it is, that's certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have such a sharp eye as his father Mario; But he needs time to build a stunning atmosphere that really complements the movie. The central area, a large castle, is the perfect place to play a story like this, and Lamberto makes the best of it. even if sometimes superior films are demolished; like the pool scene in the inferno style. The plot itself is not quite as good as the atmosphere, as several scenes are drawn way too long and the relationship between the characters is quite strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava has something to do with the special effects. The ogre itself looks really stupid and it's a good job that we do not see it often. We are getting ready for a fitting, albeit very predictable, end, and overall I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and recommended.
