For those who have not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: Do not watch as "La Casa dell'Orco" expects any demons because you will not find them here. This movie is not a third part of the "Demons" series and has nothing to do with it, except for the fact that Lamberto Bava has directed it. In fact, Michele Soavi's "The Church" is also known as the unofficial "Demons 3", and it is also a fraudulent title in this case. It is obvious that because of the "Demons" films, the success is; They have tried to deceive the audience with misleading titles, though it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. On the other hand, I find it unfair to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth the look. Honestly, the film is pretty atmospheric and although there are some unintentionally funny situations, I found that it was, by and large, really scary. Still, I think you can say that the story somehow tries to imitate Lucio Fulci's "The House at the Cemetery." Of course, this is just a speculation that I have, but I think I have my valid evidence. For example, Paolo Marco is the husband of the family in both films, and in both films there is an irritating little boy named Bobby. In both films, the wife of the house is a beautiful thirty-year-old woman who seems to be the only one. One sees that in the new house, something is really not right, and in both films, there is really something really wrong in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can tell both movies very easily and I'm not saying that as an accusation. On the contrary, my point is that those who enjoyed "The House by the Cemetery" are likely to enjoy this movie as well, bearing in mind, of course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is far less overbearing and less frightening. not nearly as atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their little son Bobby are going on a holiday trip to an old, abandoned area of ​​Castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Shortly after arriving, Charel feels like she's been there before, which is impossible, considering she's never been to Trifiri before. Sadly, Charel can not get over her déjà-vu, and the worst thing is that her visions go along with the image of a vile creature she pursues. Tom, who is not a very patient guy at the beginning, advises her to put aside the nonsensical hallucinations and enjoy the holiday. However, the women's visions are becoming more and more real and the calm they should enjoy suddenly becomes a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood becomes real, and this time she will not be able to escape without first being confronted with the menacing ogre. As expected, the plot is somehow a bit simple and therefore it is difficult to fill one and a half hours. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences that contain nothing but absolute silence and the image of the main character, who walks for a few minutes in the castle and revives the images of her childhood. It gets boring from time to time, but overall it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films released in the late eighties, this film is quite stylish and effective, but also offers a nice variety of unwanted funny moments that make the film unforgettable in a way. For example, in the part where Charel was brutally beaten by her husband, and instead of going to her bedroom, as I would have expected, she beats him back by hitting him hard in the face and like a madman in the woods runs. The funniest thing, though, is the fact that two minutes later they're happy again, as if the most natural thing in the world is to beat themselves like that. I know it's stupid, but I thought it was weird. The ogre (who is obviously the villain of the story) looks both sinister and funny at the same time and lets tell us: a villain who can freak us out and make us laugh a little, he's twice as welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller," but of course much more natural and human. But if you focus on the really good aspects I mentioned earlier, the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highlights, and even if it is almost always the same, it fits perfectly and creates a rather dark atmosphere of the moments Tension. So, if I have to make my final statement on this film, I have to say that I can not help but love it, including the small flaws and most of the people who enjoy these typical Italian horror movies from the late eighties who have won Do not be disappointed with this one. It has all the typical and well-received clichés, like the crazy old man who tells the truth, the foxe native woman who is said to be a witch, an eerie castle, a huge dark cellar with a terrible secret and the locals who try to prevent the tourists with their hostility, to stay away from the notorious countries. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" earns two thumbs and a slap in the face of your spouse to pay tribute to the heroine of the story. Take this movie for yourself and enjoy it.
