"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the classic MGM music production facility, and by and large the movie is very enjoyable. Good music by Jule Styne and others, excellent dances by Gene Kelly (and even a passable job by Frank Sinatra), and a fun, well-played script. The only major element that I would criticize would be Kathryn Grayson's casting, whose presence in a movie always means that the audience is exposed to an endless pseudo-operative hustle and bustle of the petite woman Miss. Kelly plays a Marine The soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation for the ship as a lover, whose Valentino charm, however, is constantly being subdued by the presence of his less strict friend with the unlikely Central American name Clarence (Sinatra). After spending three days on shore leave to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly declares to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious assumption that he owes him for saving his life. They are called by a policeman (Rags Ragland) who needs them to convince a precocious boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the navy to return home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). First, it's Clarence who is interested in "Aunt Susan," but eventually Kelly's character appears as the more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several outstanding musical scenes, but nothing that could be inferior to Kelly's famous work films like "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". Next comes a gimmick with Kelly's character in a fantasy sequence that dances with Jerry, the mouse of "Tom and Jerry" (though he appears to be closer to a dog or cat than a mouse). It's a startling sequence for its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotion to really pass the test of time. I really enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation. Kelly used semi-ballistic traits to emphasize the transition to fantasy, and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like "Alice" in Wonderland. <br /> <br /> Finally, the characters find theirs The way to Susan's favorite bar, a slightly cleansed Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana, where the patrons happily let Mrs. Grayson chirp their arias with ecstasy, and the management gets very excited about the opportunity Clarence and Joe opened up for them, to sing with her "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing herself with a slight humorous touch.) Of course, they have never met their "friend" Iturbi, and they spend much of the movie reaching him (in an amusing scene meets Sinatra's character on Iturbi, but confuses him for a piano tuner and asks him to give up vocal pianos and try a piano. Professional career), get into the stud io and sneak into the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi plays a surreal symphony with dozens of young pianists? You have not seen anything like this outside of "1000 Fingers of Dr. T". Iturbi himself is a kind of god figure in history? He represents the opportunity for salvation from the drudgery of unfulfilled work and the opportunity for fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi hears Mrs. Grayson, her opera career becomes reality. The three main characters are desperate to reach him, and they regard him as a kind of distant and distant mythological figure. The charm and humor of the film are essentially due to the contrast of this perception with the down-to-earth "real" mannerisms of the maestro. And as for Iturbi's contributions to the film, he offers with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade" a very stimulating musical moment. <br /> <br /> When all is said and done, this is a movie that no one likes musicals will want to miss. The majority of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast to recycled soundtracks for other Kelly opuses such as "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at the beginning, adventurous and exuberant both in his dances and in his interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is adorable when she's not on stage. Iturbi adds that in-depth yet refined tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM musical. This is one of the better ones.
