Although this, in my opinion, is one of the smaller musicals of stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, this musical, which features all of this cast, does nothing special making Anchor's Aweigh a pretty good movie despite its shortcomings. Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, two Navy men. When the movie starts, they just move to the Los Angeles area to get some much needed time. Brady plans to visit a friend named Lola. Doolittle is still a bit wet behind the ears and looks appropriately for women from Brady (public) (in public, the scriptwriters Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all Navy men to exaggerate their finesse with women). Brady promises to help connect Doolittle, but mostly because Doolittle does not leave him alone. Their plans are joked when the local police force them to help a little boy who's obsessed with the Navy. He gives the police no information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle take the boy home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally shows up, Doolittle goes for her. Brady tries to convince him to forget her. Brady just wants to go back to Lola. But they are kidnapped again and again to Abbott's home, and finally, something like a love triangle forms. Things get more complicated when Brady lies that Doolittle knows a famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio, and claims that Doolittle did a casting for Abbott, a singer and actress, before Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Historically, the music is a strange combination of militaristic music - obviously Broadway pop because of the Navy premise - which makes the stars tend to operate in more informal settings. which distinguishes Abbott's character, Liberace's popular classic - What Iturbi has made, and Mexican music - because Abbott visits a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican part of LA. The combination does not work as well as it could. Many of the songs are good, and everyone involved is certainly talented as a singer or musician, but genre hopping tends to lose coherence. Worse still, there are a few showcases for Iturbi, who apparently was a big star at the time, effectively stopping the plot and acting more than a little hokey at the time. I just watched another movie that happened to have great music, Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996), but that mistake stopped the plan to become a regular concert movie. Anchors Aweigh makes a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between songs that drive the plot and showcases that look like contractual obligations. <br /> <br /> There are also some problems with the plot. It's not very well known why Brady rejects Doolittel's persecution of Abbott. We can assume that Brady thinks Doolittle should not deal with someone who needs to take care of a child and who seems relatively "neat" and traditional, but then Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same womanist disposition, the Brady of himself admits. Abbott seems to be a good fit for Doolittle, and besides, Lennart is working hard to figure out that Brady Doolittle just wants to get out of his hair and meet Lola - it seems Brady's character should quickly pledge Doolittle on any candidate or not. This may seem like a small detail, but it is actually the joint for about a third to a half of the plot. The story is also a bit boring. Length is a problem. Anchor's Aweigh, which lasts about two hours and twenty minutes, should have been cut at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above sounds like I'm complaining too much about the movie to justify it at 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as a mistake, because the conventional wisdom of Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that it has no shortcomings. Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separate and together. They show good, interesting performances. Sinatra works and looks much younger than his actual age of 29 years? 30 while shooting. He plays an uncommonly naïve, virginal character - unlike most of the roles he would later take, and unlike his public image as a singer. For Kelly this was rightly his breakthrough film. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his acting. Grayson is charming, her performance is subtle, opaque, and she's just great. All this helps to avoid the mistakes with the script and the extended tempo. <br /> <br /> And there's even a very interesting element, which is probably only because Sidney has spread across a variety of moods - the infamous Kelly Dance with Jerry the Mouse (from "Tom and Jerry" famous) in an extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the earliest examples of the combination of live action and animation. She is extremely well made and enjoyable as long as you are a fantasy fan. The fantasy sequences tend to be the best in the movie. In keeping with the dance with Jerry the Mouse, there's a long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, in which Brady imagines Abbott in a scene from a historical movie as he woos her, and she has to resort to acrobatic stunts to her to reach physically She stands on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> As uneven and flawed as the movie is, it's largely successful and entertaining to watch. Fans of classical musicals should not miss Anchor's Aweigh, and Sinatra fans should not be the ones to get a real kick out of their character.
