This film (like Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - shown on the Turner Classic Network last night) is famed for a single musical sequence that has found a place in Gene Kelly's record: Just as Fred Astaire dances with a clothes rack and later dances around in one Room was danced Gene Kelly in a comic sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well done. The only thing forgotten is that Kelly tells Dean Stockwell and his classmates during a break in the day the story behind the animated sequence and sets the stage for the sequence, as Stockwell and the others close their eyes and get a picture pastoral background. Kelly even changes the navy blues he actually wears into a white "Pomeranian" uniform with blue stripes. Jerry Mouse does not dance with genes anymore. He actually talks - a premiere he has not repeated for decades. Finally he brings Tom Cat to his rightful place - Tom briefly appears as King Jerry's butler and tries to cheer him on with a cheese plate. <br /> <br /> But the cartoon's sequel with Kelly took about seven minutes to film. Much more of this weird film is about Kelly's story about the lost four-day holiday in Hollywood and how Kelly meets Katherine Grayson and (along with Frank Sinatra) Jose Iturbi at the MGM Film Studio, Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi's owns home. Only that the two sailors mean no harm, this film could have been quite disturbing. Kelly rescued Sinatra's life in the Pacific, earning a medal. They are both crewmembers in California who are getting a four-day vacation. But the scriptwriters (to advance a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with a "Lola", an unseen good time girl in Hollywood) saddle Gene with Frank. <br /> <br /> It seems that Frank is one of the idiots who appear in movies after films of movie factories (especially musical comedies) that are socially underdeveloped and "instructions" about meeting girls (or boys, if who need) are characters are women). Frank insists that Gene helps him show him how to get a girl. In a moment, a police officer brings them to headquarters to help the cop with a little boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the Navy (and does not give the police his real name and address). When a protestant Kelly can extract this information from Stockwell by asking him some direct questions (which the cops could not ask), they insist that Kelly take the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). Kelly continues to protest with more and more complicated issues (mostly because of Sinatra's simplified mental view of things). He misses seeing Lola the next day when he slept late - Sinatra felt so peaceful asleep that he did not wake him. He is repeatedly dragged to Grayson's house because Sinatra thinks she is the right woman for herself, but Kelly needs to train him in lovemaking. <br /> <br /> I think my presentation of the conspiracy may annoy fans of ANCHORS AWEIGH, but I find that kind of story irritating. While the vocal, dance and concert music of Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are top notch, it is annoying to have to take seriously the idioms of someone like Sinatra's character. In the real world, Kelly would damn well have got him out of the way at the beginning of the four-day holiday trip - what right does he have to insist (like Sinatra) that someone who saves his life should support him in learning as he does today This kind of crap always ruins the total effects of a musical for me - unless the music numbers are so superior that I can forget that kind of nonsense. <br /> <br /> The stalking of Iturbi is also annoying. Kelly tries to get Grayson to like Sinatra when he says Sinatra can meet her with Jose Iturbi to hear her singing skills. For the rest of the picture, Sinatra and Kelly try to do that and crash (at one point - for no really good reason - it ruins Kelly's attempt to get an interview with Iturbi at MGM). It's just sheer luck (that Iturbi regrets an embarrassing Grayson) that she's giving him an audition about her talent. <br /> <br /> By the way, Kelly lands at Grayson. Sinatra's conscience that he could not help her seeing Iturbi is ashamed of him (but not forcing Kelly, strangely enough) to harass her, and he stumbles by accident when he finds a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his homeland Brooklyn meets. Of course, Sinatra and Britton fall in love with each other without help from Kelly. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily "screenplay"!
