Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day vacation in Hollywood. Joe knows all about girls and can not wait to see Lola while Clarence is shy and needs some advice from his buddy to meet with girls. Then they come across a little boy, Donald Martin, who ran away to join the navy. They bring him home and meet his beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Suddenly Susie wants to be his girl. His shyness is in the way. But he's not shy about a waitress who comes from Brooklyn, as he does. He realizes that he is in love with Susie. The boys are at a loss when they lie to Susie at a meeting. A great music producer they do not even know. Embarrassed by their feelings, George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is once again first-class in his singing and dancing routines. Frank Sinatra is awesome as the shy guy from Brooklyn.Shy is not the first thing that comes to mind when one thinks of Frank Sinatra, but he plays his part well Kathryn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott. We lost this gifted actress and soprano at the age of 88 last month. 9-year-old Dean Stockwell does an amazing job man who wants to become a sailor. Jose Iturbi does a great job. He is magical with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the chief of the police station. Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are a lot of great stuff in this movie and some fantastic vocal and dance numbers. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra performing "We hate to Leave." It is so energetic. "If you know Susie (as I know, Susie)" is pretty funny. It's a beautiful moment when Frank Brahms sings "Lullaby for little Dean Stockwell, it's nice to hear Grayson singing the tango" Jealousy. "The most memorable sequence is the one that plunges into the animated fantasy world, and Gene sings and Dancing with Jerry Mouse.So Tom Cat there as a butler.Originally ked as Mickey Mouse but he declined.The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for Original Music Score.Anchors Aweigh is first class entertainment.
