ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two eager young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), receiving a four-day shore leave. Eager to get to the girls, especially to Joe, Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn, who have encountered the interruption of the little Navy madman Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Brooklyn is an inexperienced man for women and for advertising, and Joe quickly asks Joe to win Aunt Susie. On the way there, Joe falls for the girl he believes is his best friend. How will Brooklyn take this betrayal? And does Joe end up with Susie, who loves him too? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as ON THE TOWN, the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration of 1949. Both times I had the feeling that ANCHORS AWEIGH is the better movie in terms of plotting and structure - all the dances and songs fit the moment in the plot, and they develop the characters and the story rather than hindering them. Both times, however, I have had the feeling that ON THE TOWN is the better movie overall. Now that I've seen both films for the third time, I still stand by that verdict. Somehow ON THE TOWN, as a film and entertainment, is just lighter, more dizzying, pure and just * happy *. The numbers are more outrageous and less integrated in the storyline, and yet it works better than all dances and vocals in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not sure why that is. The typical argument is that the latter movie is too long: with almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a legitimate criticism. I certainly felt the length the first two times when I saw her! However, it is also a movie that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in making it. And yet something just does not hang together. It almost feels like the script has passed over, and every moment Kelly goes into the dance or Sinatra breaks into a song has been noted, and that's exactly what happened. No opportunity was given to put on a music number, and that's probably the film's biggest weakness. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big your fan of Kelly or Sinatra is, after a while this starts to get numb. (Compare this, for example, with the ten numbers in ON THE TOWN.) You may feel that every song, every dance can not be taken out of the movie without it being neglected ... and that's right. But that's also because the authors were not more reserved than they were added. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble does not mean ANCHORS AWEIGH does not bode well. The musical is sparkling with great songs that pop up everywhere, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We hate to leave it", "I asked them" and "If you know Susie"), the song of Sinatra ("What power the sunset, "" The Charm Of You, "and best of all," I fall in love too easily ") and no doubt the always imaginative, always stunning dancing of Kelly. With a cast of this caliber it is also hard to miss. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve on every viewing (her voice becomes more anesthetic than frightening); Jose Iturbi's role is sympathetic and he does a great job with it. Even Clarences own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is sweet and charming ... as close as possible to Betty Garrett, without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is adorable with his blue eyes and curls and plays the innocent boy-man wonderfully (a role he plays in ON THE TOWN). His singing is, as usual, simply error-free from the utterance to the timing and phrasing. His solo numbers may be a little catchy, but if you have the voice of a century, the presentation is probably a good reason to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly's sheer genius in this movie deserves its own paragraph. ANCHORS AWEIGH is Kelly's third in the bill behind Sinatra and Grayson. His Joe Brady is a believable, real character - he's tough, lustful and willing to win, if necessary, to win a girl, but he's actually the biggest softy inside. Kelly does that rather charmingly than annoying, but he also gives Joe a real advantage you see in the scene as Joe Brooklyn chases through the room with a really murderous expression on his face and his breakfast tray in his hand. And the * dancing * - here too, the film suffers from the syndrome "too much of a good spoils the effect," as is the case with Sinatra's vocals. But again, when Gene Kelly does the softshoe or taps the screen in a sailor's outfit or disguises himself as a bandit boss ... it might as well be that he's overdoing it! All of Kelly's dances are breathtaking, be it the reduced simplicity of his knockout with Sinatra on "I Begged Her," his "Mexican Hat Dance" with the sweet, wide-mouthed girl or his lavishly Spanish-influenced dance La Cumparsita. Of course, in his red, white and blue sailor suit, Kelly would be the classic image that will be remembered by audiences forever, and will dance with Jerry Mouse of "Tom & Jerry". Well-deserved golden film storage, to be sure - one can not often say that you are impressed by the special effects of a 1945 film, given the saturation of CGI in the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, with Kelly always hitting his spots and looking right where he needs to look. It would turn out that Kelly, the only person who could really compete with Gene Kelly, would be Kelly (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It is questionable that this first daring, imaginative Kelly dance with Jerry ANCHORS AWEIGH has reserved a place in the history of movies and the hearts of classic movie lovers. It's also notable that this is the first of three Kelly / Sinatra film collaborations, and though it's a bit too lengthy, still has a few hours of entertainment. Look at it first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
