The arrival of White Men in Arctic Canada challenges the freedom of a fearless ESKIMO hunter. <br /> <br /> W. S. Van Dyke, the peripatetic director of MGM, was responsible for this fascinating view of life in the Arctic under the Inuit. His production shot from April 1932 to November 1933 on location (though some annoying rear projection effects show that some of the filming was already done in the studio). Considered as a documentary at the time, we would probably call it a "docudrama" because it has a fascinating storyline and story behind it. The film shows the daily life of the Eskimo, both winter and summer, and actually starts in the warmer seasons, with no snow or ice in sight. The constant pursuit of food is portrayed, and spectators can watch the thrilling hunt for walrus, polar bear, whale and caribou. The mother tongue is used throughout with title cards. The only English speakers are the fishermen & mounties the Eskimo encounter. In fact, it is the arrival of the whites, both good and evil, and the change they make to the Eskimo society, which is an integral part of the narrative. This pre-code film deals with the Eskimo moral code in a refreshingly open manner, especially with their women's division, which was an important and completely innocent part of their culture. In fact, the entire film can be seen as a valuable look at a way of life that quickly disappeared, even in the early 1930s. <br /> <br /> None of the performers gets a screen credit, which is a shame, as there are some noteworthy achievements. Among them is Ray Wise, who plays the lead role of Mala the Eskimo. Wise (1906-1952) was an Alaskan native of Inuit and is absolutely gorgeous and absolutely believable in a very demanding part. As handsome as any Hollywood star, he would continue to play in a sporadic film career called Ray Mala, often in tiny, not yet settled roles. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Japanese-Hawaiian actress Lotus Long plays Mala's faithful second wife; The names of the good actresses playing his other two women are now unclear. Director Woody Van Dyke joins the cameras as a stern inspector of the North West Mounted Police. The two decent mounties who have to hand over Mala to the Canadian judiciary are played by Joe Sawyer & Edgar Dearing, both of whom have been film stars for many years. The Danish author Peter Freuchen, on whose books the film is based, has a short, vivid role as a vicious, wooden-legged captain furiously waking Mala's icy anger.
