D.W. Griffith could have done any film he wanted after the tremendous financial success of The Birth of a Nation; He opted for the most technically demanding film "Intolerance". With such innovations in film montage and form he took a risk, and it came to the well-known financial train accident. Buster Keaton does not take such a risk with "Three Ages," a parody of "intolerance." This is Keaton's first full-length feature film (he only starred in "The Saphead"). He had the fallback plan to divide the three episodes in this film into three separate short films, which Griffith did with 'intolerance'. Keaton did not have to. Chaplin had already been successful in comedies with feature films. If Keaton took a risk here, he was completely calculated. Chaplin had already made a parody of another movie with "Burlesque on Carmen". (1915). Keaton also seems to allude to this movie. The wrestling scene in the ancient Rome episode points to swordplay, which turns into a wrestling match in Chaplin's film. The weird distance from the plot of both scenes is also the same. In addition, Chaplin's film mimicked the brilliant style of DeMille's "Carmen," and Chaplin's film seemed to pay homage to the film. Keaton does not try radical editing, narrative structure, or monumentality in his parody, but he seems to respect "intolerance." At least, the stories are not told in a straightforward manner, as in other post-intolerance films, such as Dreyer's "Leaves from Satan's Book" (Blade af Satan's Moor, 1921) and Fritz Lang's "Fate" (The Tired Death, 1921). Between the episodes there are slight jumps. <br /> <br /> Where Keaton took risks lies in his physical, daring comedy. This is Keaton, who was unintentionally unable to jump over buildings in the modern episode. He was reported to have changed the scene instead of trying again. And it was not just Keaton who took risks; The anachronistic baseball gag, for example, was pretty dangerous. So, in a different way, Keaton took a risk like Griffith with his big movie. And I think both have succeeded.
