A well-known cinematic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars that went to actors who played characters who were either physically or mentally handicapped. The first was Marlee Matlin's Prize for "Children of a Lesser God" in 1986, and in the next decade another prize was awarded as "Best Actress" (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor "excellent" awards (Dustin Hoffman 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino 1992 for "Scent of a Woman"), Tom Hanks 1994 for "Forrest Gump" and Geoffrey Rush 1996 Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is deaf herself, but everyone else is physically fit. <br /> <br /> At the time, this phenomenon sparked some negative comments, suggesting that When Jodie Foster did not win the "Best Actress" award for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw this as evidence of a backlash against the A However, I believe that most of these awards have been earned. I thought the 1992 price should have gone to either Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead of Pacino, but other than that, the only one I disagree with would have been Hanks. That was because I did Nigel Hawthornes appearance in "The Madness of King George". In this movie, Hawthorne naturally played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> "My Left Foot" was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931 as one of the thirteen children of a Dublin working-class family. He was born with cerebral palsy and was initially mistaken for being mentally handicapped. He was unable to move or speak on purpose for a long time, but eventually discovered that he could control the movements of part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes, and became a painter and writer and poet. <br /> <br /> Life in working class Dublin in the 1930s and 1940s could be tough, and the city, which shows Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner), shows us here in many ways a sombre, gray, joyless Place, very different from our normal idea of ​​the "Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later worked on another film with the Irish theme "In the Name of Father"). On the other hand, however, the gaiety and the spirit of the people, especially the Brown family, must be set. Much of Christy's success was based on the support he received from his parents, who did not allow him to be institutionalized, and always believed in the secrets hidden under a crippled appearance, and to his siblings. We see how his brothers drove him around in a custom cart and how they helped their mason-dad build Christy's own room in his back yard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily have gotten into sentimentality and ended up as another heartwarming "triumph over adversity." That this is not the case depends on a number of factors, especially the great acting. Throughout his career, Day-Lewis has shown a number of outstanding achievements, but this, together with the current "There Will Be Blood", is his best performance. As a Christie, he never convinces 100%; His tormented, jerky movements and tense language attempts convince us that we truly observe a disabled person, even though we are intellectually aware that Day-Lewis is capable. The other performances that stand out are by Fiona Shaw as his mentor. Eileen Cole, from Hugh O'Conor as the young Christy, and from Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (who gave her the award for "Best Supporting Actress"). <br /> <br /> The other reason the film escapes sentimentality is that it does not try to sentimentalize its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but it could be difficult to live with, and the film gives us a portrait of "warts and everything." He was a heavy drinker, subject to indecent language and prone to outbursts of rage. He could also be selfish and manipulative and the movie shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course it also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his mischievous humor. Day Lewis' drama is not only physically compelling, because it convinces us to believe in the disability of his character, but also convinces emotionally and intellectually by highlighting all of these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won by some strong opponents like Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but he was deserved. 8.10
