Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a victim of cerebral palsy, who used "My Left Foot" to write and paint in this incredible 1989 film. The film also stars Brenda Fricker as Christy's mom, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw and Hugh O'Conor. Her brilliant performances, great script, and wonderful direction by Jim Sheridan help paint a vivid portrait of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49, a middle-class Catholic family in which his mother was constantly pregnant (22 children in total, 13 of them survived). His father regarded Christy as mentally retarded and physically disabled, but he did not allow his son to go to a house. The children in the family would say goodbye to him every day when they went to school, and then his mother would feed him and talk to him. In the film, Fricker conveys the feeling of a woman who, although surrounded by a large family, needs someone to talk to. Christy does not speak back. Eventually a car will be found where he can ride, and the neighborhood children, who have known him since childhood, will welcome him into all their activities. The only part of his body that works really well is his left foot. When the kids find out how well he performs, they use him to play football. One of the most beautiful sides of the movie is the relaxed way in which the other kids treat it. <br /> <br /> There are many powerful scenes, but not as powerful as Christy, who writes "Mother" on the floor and holds a piece of chalk between her toes. "He's a real Brown," explains his father, pulling him on the shoulders and carrying him to the pub. He goes to the pub and announces, "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy gets older because he has the desires and feelings of a little boy. He develops bruises, is rejected and is more devoted to painting. Finally, he goes to a nearby clinic for therapy and works together with the therapist Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. He falls in love with her. When he finds out she's engaged, he almost goes crazy. He survives, however, to live, to paint, to write (a total of three books) and to love again. <br /> <br /> Because it's a movie, certain things have necessarily been left out and characters have to be combined. Brown was not diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time and was excluded from the film. Therapist Eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic characters in Christy's life, and although we know that his mother believed he had good sense, she worked hard with Christy when he was a kid giving him the alphabet Teaching Before Mary, Christy had a 12-year relationship with the woman he dedicated to "My Left Foot." And the typical Hollywood ending, 9 years before his death, when neglecting his wife may have been a factor, does not end the story. Despite everything, Christy Brown's biopic is incredibly powerful, especially two performances: Hugh O'Conor as a young Christy and Daniel Day-Lewis as a grown-up Christy. O'Conor's expression and the way he pulls his distorted body is unbearable. One is exhausted for him and heartbroken. <br /> <br /> And what can one say about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - he totally brings Christy to life, a full flesh out there, an intelligent person capable of cursing, angry, bitter, drunk, intrusive, lustful, funny and loving. A well-deserved Oscar won in the same year that Tom Cruise was nominated for "Born on the 4th of July". I remember someone writing a letter somewhere to the editor where Cruise was so sensational. Uh, nothing for a change. Nothing at all. <br /> <br /> Brenda Fricker is amazing as Christy's mother, who never stops believing in him and what he can do and who keeps her family and her husband together in difficult times. The wonderful thing about Frickers performance is that support, love and work ethics seem natural to the mother. The character would never consider herself a hero or something out of the ordinary. Fricker shows us a religious but not fanatical woman who believes that her duties on earth are a good wife and mother. And no matter what, even if her husband has no work, she throws her daughter out of the house because she is pregnant, whatever she creates. She saves money for Christy's wheelchair, she takes pictures of her daughter and the baby and starts to build a room for Christy in the back house. Everything part of a working day. A performance that deserves the Oscar she received. <br /> <br /> Brown's life was more complicated than this inspiring movie, but this is an amazing achievement for everyone involved and a must.
