A French writer, who behaves disgustingly in front of his wife's friends, goes to North Africa for a break. There he meets a lively and talented Bedouin girl who lives in poverty. Despite his wife, who loves a maharaja, he decides to train and educate the girl and introduce it to the Parisian society as PRINCESSE TAM TAM ... <br /> <br /> The wonderful Josephine Baker is perfectly recorded the title role in this very entertaining French movie. With her enormous eyes and contagious smile, she immediately contacts the hearts of the beholder. Her oversized personality and obvious enjoyment of performing makes it a sheer pleasure to see her. Baker makes sure we take care of what happens to poor Alwina during her transformation and introduction to European customs. Albert Préjean is very good as Pygmalion in Baker's Galatea. Also effective are Georges Peclet as Halbkastendiener and Jean Galland as a mysterious Maharajah. <br /> <br /> The film is very handsome and well done and looks a bit like Busby Berkeley films that are simultaneously producing time in America - although PRINCESSE TAM TAM has no racism unlike American films of that time. It should be noted that there was neither a Hays office nor a production law in France. Part of the dialogue and action is rather provocative, but Baker singing and dancing to "Under The African Sky" as well as their culinary performance at the Parisian nightclub are two of cinema's most memorable moments. <br /> <br /> Actual shooting to enhance film locations in Tunisia the movie enormously. Josephine Baker was born in 1906 in St. Louis into a very poor family. However, her talent and her driving ambition soon drove her to the East, and she was a member of the Ziegfeld Follies for a short time. Realizing that America was severely constrained to a talented black woman in the mid-1920s, she managed to move to Paris, where she eventually joined the Foliés-Bergeres & Le Negre Revue. The French worshiped her and she became a big celebrity. A brief return to America in 1935 showed Baker that nothing had changed for the African Americans. She returned to France, became a French citizen, and worked for the Resistance during the first days of the war. Baker moved to Morocco for the duration and maintained allied troops who were stationed there. After the war, Baker's fortunes began to subside and she faced many financial and personal difficulties. For a while, she was even forbidden to return to the United States. Finally, Baker accepted an offer from Princess Grace of Monaco to live in the Principality. Josephine Baker was about to make a comeback when she died of a stroke in 1975 at the age of 68. <br /> <br /> After appearing in just two decent movies, ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger of getting dark. But she earns her place alongside Chevalier, Dietrich & Robeson as one of the most legendary artists of her generation.
