Jackie Chan's director POLICE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and sophisticated police officers ever from Hong Kong. Jackie just wanted to shoot a movie that included the usual kung fu and also a fierce gun game and other "urban" actions that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors like John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two action elements and styles, and the result is as wild as it sounds. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police force that can protect an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who would do so sooner to testify against a powerful gangster boss and his criminal ring. Jackie's girlfriend is played by young, sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here as in her later roles like Heroic Trio (and the sequel) by Johnnie To, the savior of Corey Yuen and David Lai's soul, and many others , The plot in POLICE STORY is very simple, but it is the plot why this movie was ever made. <br /> <br /> Of course, Jackie did all the stunts of his character on his own and was pretty bad at hurting some scenes, some of which are also in the finished movie, as in the end, when Jackie looks through a very vicious-looking one sharp glass strikes his head (near the eye). Even Jackie's stunt team members were almost killed during the filming of this film. The scene where a bus stops in front of Jackie and the kidnappers spit through the windshield went very badly as the bus stopped too early and the stuntmen did not fly as expected. They were supposed to drive by car in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they hit the tarmac with hospital-level injuries. During the credits, there is a behind-the-scenes picture of these injured actors and it all looks very bad and almost tasteless, but luckily nobody was killed or injured too much. <br /> <br /> The action is more than ample and inventive, as can be expected from (action) director Chan. The legendary bus scene and the shopping mall scene at the end of this game are probably the wildest scenes any action movie could deliver. Jackie always tells how important editing is (which is true) and it really shows in his action scenes and their timing, which is perfect and makes the films seem so ultra-kinetic, compared to, for example, Hollywood's efforts. There are hardly any slow moments and these moments are interesting and the movie never gets boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But there's another negative point I can not stand in HK action comedy comedy itself. The comedy is not funny, especially if the mistakes and lay elements in the script are not random but because the author wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of a bad script and stupid dialogues. I mean such scenes as the stinging murder attempt in the beginning, when the killer just screams and screams and makes faces and acts like a drunken clown from a slapstick nightmare, and he's there to "murder" this girl. This kind of acting is stupid and incompetent and I would not like to see it in a movie that's otherwise great in its own genre. The characters also speak their thoughts, which is also a sign of bad writing, because these "noisy thoughts" only serve to make things clear to even the stupidest observer and make things too simple and "easy". Even if the film is funny and not so serious, these stupidities should not be there and they can not be forgiven too easily. POLICE STORY is a fast pace, full effect, balls on the walls. Hong Kong's adventure wonders and when Jackie was saddened at the poor result he got with the US-produced The Protector film same thought about the movie had as the director James Glickenhaus and thus the result failed Please, audience and Jackie, and he returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and resourceful film. He has definitely done that and the result is just as wild today as it was back in the 80s. This is one of the craziest action movies of all time and would be perfect without the shortcomings I mentioned. 10.7
