Jackie Chan's Police Story is a milestone film for both the action genre of Honk Kong and the career of Jackie Chan. <br /> <br /> Directed by Chan, Police Story has a basic storyline, just like all the films of that time and genre, and like most of Police Story's films, the script is not something to rave about. But the plot of the movie is Jackie Chan, who plays a nice policeman trying to convict the local gang lord. <br /> <br /> The direction of the movie is nothing special and definitely not the best directorial work Jackie Chan has given us that responsibility lies with the underrated masterpiece "Miracles". However, the job Jackie directs is sufficient and respectable. The outstanding directing of the film includes the fight scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this film also vary, as Jackie plays a very solid, typical, nice guy from Chan against the character, but this is by no means his best acting role, in the film directed by Sammo Hung "Heart of the Dragon" can be seen. The other actors in the film also perform as well as Jackie, with Bridgete Lin playing her part of the unwilling witness reasonably well, but she does not show the full theatrical potential. The outstanding acting comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackie's suffering girlfriend and Bill Tung as sympathetic and funny police chief. None of the performances in this film is so low that the quality of the film is compromised. <br /> <br /> It's the action in the film that sets this movie apart from others, with a stunning contemporary choreography that adapts to the urban, modern environment. The action is some of the greatest fight scenes ever shown on camera. First, there is a shootout in the slum, where Koo (ganglord) enters a drug deal, although it is not a John Woo sequence. This is a good start for the movie. Then comes the famous car that shuts down the side of the hill and goes through the heart of the slum, destroying everything in sight. This is a stunning sequence that has since been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film is another outstanding sequence as Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her house to his. This is really the first scene where we can see the breathtaking, fast hand-to-hand fight that has since become the norm of all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed, and seamlessly engineered together to maximize the brutality of the scene. According to tradition, however, the outstanding fighting sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence features some of Chans best choreography, stunts, and camera and editing work. This sequence is now famous for two things, the amount of people sent through high-density glass, which is an unbelievable amount of people, and the stunt at the end, where Jackie jumps from a balcony on the 5th floor for a pole and glides through a glass roof (you have to see that to believe it). While the two factors mentioned are both unique, I think the most impressive part of this fight sequence is Chan's ability to bring everything into the fight sequence and the sheer originality of the choreography. It was never better for me. I also believe the action in Police Story is one of Chan's career's best filmed and edited actions, helping to differentiate the action from others. <br /> <br /> All in all, Police Story, despite its unspectacular plot and script and overflow in the middle by plotting, is one of the best action movies of all time. It features Chan's best choreography, best filmed action, and undoubtedly his most spectacular stunt, making this indispensable contemplation for everyone. Finally, we'll watch a chan movie for the action !!
