Shakespeare behind bars was, despite its content, a strangely uplifting documentary. Convicted in the Luther-Luckett Justice Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who raped, murdered, etc.? and surrounded by bad people in an obviously depressing environment you will find something that you can truly enjoy and become important, popular and famous in acting. There is a parallel to "Shawshank Redemption" with its institutionalized nature and the search for forgiveness and salvation for her past life. We follow a generous, non-judgmental director who gives up his time each year to direct certain inmates in a piece chosen by William Shakespeare (this time around the Tempest), which is skilfully portrayed with the inmates who could relate to it As much as we become so familiar with their pervasive focus on forgiveness and salvation in which they trust and relate, we will get to know each actor in formal interviews rehearsed by them with dissolving footage. Each actor has his own story, telling of his regrets and reasons why he is emotionally engaged in melancholic music about anyone in the traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected inmate (it seems) is Sammie. The director seems to recognize immediately who the most interesting inmates in Sammie (and later Hal) were, and allows a longer, more in-depth observation of the man and his personality. His presence is felt on screen, and his personal revelations are a shock to the audience, but give him such an attraction in his emotional personality, and he feels a special empathy. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has other things he does to pass the time, which turns out to be a comfortable hobby, as if it were an on-site news channel. Through personal interviews and revelations that were admitted by Hal himself (and pretty cuts of Hals body language, not the close-ups of his unsteady hand movement, which were observed not only in him, but also in others), his heart felt particularly in the story of being insecure and frightened of his true sexuality in a society that would only accept him as a homosexual when later shown in the film that he is rather brash and rude to other inmates involved in the game he considers himself as about everything to her, especially to Ron, who already has a frustrating temperament in his acting. The relationship between all inmates involved in the game shows respect and unity in order to achieve something great for themselves. With nice (if not clichéd) time histories with titles, etc.? Everything seems to be going well in the first act, and then, in the public performance, things are predictably going awry. An introduction in which one of the actors is transferred and his character is replaced by a younger, newer inmate gives the narration a nice side issue for someone who promises great things, but in the end, everyone disappoints and does not live up to their expectations. In particular, one inmate (Big-G) greets the new prisoner actor (Rick) with the apparent desire to bring him into his beloved practice and hopefully become a good role model. The film seems to capture the inmates' passions so well that the audience can do something with them, especially if Rick gets stuck in the hole to get new tattoos (something that was well hinted at earlier in the movie than the guard did Random inmates in the yard stop and ask him when he got a tattoo on his arm and we learn it is a criminal offense in the facility.) Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. A happy ending? Everything looks good when they perform successfully (even invited to perform elsewhere) and the feeling of a real unity sounds around them, but in the end, the movie brings all to Earth, that this is short lived and all that they have ever had or been wanted and is always taken from them. It's back to jail to pay for their crimes. No matter what salvation they seek to play these plays, they will not be free men, their proud achievements and their appreciation are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the lowly criminals. A nice stop in the uplifting music that is in playing a long corridor that coincides with turning off the lights and closing the doors, is a powerful picture of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he was watching likable people in documentary film, giving additional information about the individual actors at the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them at the end of the film.
