Films like this and C.R.A.Z.Y. make me very sad for American movies with gay topics. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are few other notable American films that are as deep and sincere as this movie The Bubble. At the center of this film are two men, Noam and Ashwar, an Israle and Palestinian. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between the Jews and the Arabs in Israel. Couples who are in the early stages of their relationship will have difficulty in calling who next or who will say "I love you" first. The early love of Noam and Ashwar is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security controls and racism. Accepting Noam's friends and, like Ashwar, the Arab, it's obvious that most Tel Aviv citizens are unlikely to do so. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments, and there are many in this film when Noam and Ashwar participate in a production of "Bent". As a film viewer, we see how they see this piece, and the influence it has on both is deeply rooted in their eyes. Ultimately, this touching moment in the finale of the movie is played in a very sad way. Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are outstanding as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant when it comes to creating a compelling and interesting retelling of the Shakespeare classics Romeo and Juliet. And although most movies today have sex (almost like a sport), this movie goes back to the old proven version of sex with love and passion. It is so refreshing. It is also refreshing that two gay men are portrayed as human beings and not as cartoons. There are cartoon characters in this movie. It's just not the two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this page I read a comparison between this movie and "friends". Not really. Yes, these are youthful characters who stumble through their first troubled steps into adulthood and relationships. But I can not remember being "blown" as a "background" to the threadbare story lines in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. It has heart and heartache. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in its intact splendor full bloom. Nevertheless, it is a very satisfying movie.
