This film restarts Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a borderline between them and a constant state of war with the omnipresent Israeli army and the Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is grim enough. We can imagine love in this huge loveless trap. However, the film continues some light years, imagining that the two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. This is prohibited in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities, is thus doubled by a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. However, this could even be viable if the war does not add any extra dimension. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. She can not accept it, but accepts later to talk about it. From the wedding itself, the newlywed man sends a commando to Tel Aviv to carry out a bombing. It takes place in a café in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is badly wounded. Bad enough. Isareli's army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but it gets angry and the newlywed woman is shot dead in the street. The funeral follows the wedding. The husband and widower volunteered for a suicide attack. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. The exile lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill some people to avenge his sister. He comes to a diner managed by some Noams friends. But Noam sees him and goes out to talk to him. Ashraf has returned to the middle of the road and detonates his bomb when Noam reaches him on the road. Revenge unites the two lovers in death. So we have the double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can enforce peace, or, worse, the prince seems to have chosen sides and to be on the side of Israel. The game is completely wrong and death is sure on both sides. The dimension of impossible love, however, is all the greater as it is doubled by a piece in the film, a play that shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and the other wearing a pink triangle. This is strikingly strong and breathtakingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the movie is that in Tel Aviv or Nablus love is not possible. The film is thus a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine that can only continue, though it has no reason to exist, even though it has thousands of reasons to keep going. We should have never negotiated Britain with the region long ago. Today we have to find a solution that does not humiliate anyone. This will only succeed if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. So far, however, everyone is trying to avoid this general confrontation and discussion that favors bilateral manipulation. Suffering will go on and love will be banned, not sex, of course, as children are needed for the war: let's produce more and more small soldiers. But love is just an extraterrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
