It is hard not to like Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films, which describe life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gay people in these regions may have. Besides, he also gave a voice to the younger generations and the notable part of them who really need peace and who no longer want to notice a war that for too long marked the existence of people, both in Israel, both in Palestine. In my opinion, these reasons are enough to see Fox as a remarkable director, even if his sense of melodrama gets a little out of control. The fans of his films (which he recognized in a team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-author, and life partner) do not seem to be annoying, however, since his new feature film, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), brings with it the same success of the previous one YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo & Juliet", which takes place in today's Tel Aviv instead of Verona and stands with two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) in the place of the two young Shakespeare lovers, the film is actually quite different or better, it's something else too. In fact, the bubble of the title is the world in which Captain Noam from Fox regulars Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must confess I played Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi! Missing!) And his two co-tenants, a man and a girl, decided to live. Thirty years old, restless, witty and firm (despite the protagonist who was just at a border crossing on the border with Palestine), they live a life that is not just war. The two are gay and together with the girl have formed a trio in which they love each other fraternally and support each other. Their lives will change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a young Palestinian who has come to Tel Aviv. The previous laws of the group are neglected, but not the will to help a friend. Nevertheless, it will not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is secretive in Israel and his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know that he is gay, looks forward to arranging his wedding with a very beautiful wedding, a relative of Ashraf's beloved sister, Groom, who is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility for the development of the conspiracy, with consequences not only for the two men. Because the prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and therefore the tragedy is inevitable. Although the film focuses on the obstacles the relationship between Noam and Ashraf has to deal with, he does not overlook the other characters that turn out to be well written (for example, Golan, the friend of Yelli, Noam's co-tenant, the vividly introduced) boor and then revealed as a sweeter and more open-minded person) and aptly executed (besides the two clues we must not ignore the weird Zohar Liba and the lovely Daniela Virtzer, the girl of the gang, and LATE MARRIAGE's star Lior Ashkenazi the star) appears as himself in a cameo). It also blends the dark tones with the more brilliant ones, even if the director does not get along without melodramatic inference. I've watched this movie over a month ago and in the meantime, I've often thought about proof that Fox and his buddy have a knack for taking home.
