Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities are fascinated and can easily be touched by reports of unhappy love. Even more intriguing were the stories of impossible love, love that can not be. The latest film by Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox "The Bubble" is about it. And then not. The title of the film refers to the "bubble", the Tel-Aviv against the background of the political realities of Israel. The country's cosmopolitan and unofficial capital does not have much to do with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank that also appears in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and hated atmosphere at the Palestinian checkpoints. Actually, it does not seem to have much to do with the environment. The "bubble" of Tel Aviv gives people a lifestyle that is not much different from what you would expect in a western city. Teenage girls looking for Britney Spears records, a lector for a lifestyle magazine looking for a sexy cover. His next issue: Trendy people sitting in trendy cafes and discussing cappuccino and other equally trendy drinks the local visitors watch the local edition of Pop Idol. This bubble also has the potential to lull the mind into a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film is about the lives of three young Israelis who share a flat and for the most part try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the camp owner and manager of Orna & Ella ", a trendy café, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the manure that surrounds them." Noam, a gentle and uncomplicated employee of a slightly avant-garde record store, also seems unwilling to engage in long political discussions and contemplations. On the contrary, Lulu, the group's only woman, is linked to the Israeli left, although her political activities are limited to raids against the occupation. "Yelli and Noam, of course, have no objection to their participation in this, and Lulu and her political friends are making rave-branded T-shirts, posting posters, distributing leaflets advertising them in the neighborhood, and their main concern seems to be that Palestinians will never be able to attend and that the police could come and spoil everything It is fun again for them to approach a real confrontation when they meet some non-Palestinian locals who try to prevent them from distributing leaflets. in a dispute, in other words, predictable products of the bubble ". <br /> <br /> The opening scenes of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus, where Noam is also in reserve. A group of Palestinians are thoroughly screened before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who suddenly starts labor and gives birth to a stillborn child, despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor, who eventually arrived in an ambulance. The woman is consoled by a young man who later appears in Tel Aviv in front of Noam's door with his passport, which he obviously dropped during the ordeal on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and he is gay. And he not only came to give the ID back, he came to see Noam. He remains without a residence permit in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of Noam's roommates. Soon he gets a Jewish name and a job in Yellis Café. He grew up in Jerusalem with Hebrew and has no Arabian accent that allows him and his new friends to hide his identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. Because he has become part of an equation that was never intended. At one point, Noam and Ashraf see a play called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp, who have a love affair, that this can never be seen physically or for the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together on another level, a metaphysical level, on a level to which no one else has access. This is also where our couple arrives in the end. And it could not have been much different for them, not in Israel today. <br /> <br /> "The Bubble" is a political statement about the bubble that bursts when confronted with the political realities of today's Israel. The background of a beautiful and awkward love story involving an Israeli and a Palestinian are the impossible love story in a divided world where there are no compromises or colors other than black and white.? The Bubble "is also a beautiful film about people, gay and straight, inhabiting this strange city of Tel-Aviv, which is shown through the eyes of people who really care about them.The premise of the film may have its flaws and the fatal ones Chain of events may be a bit laid out, but the strong message and emotional impact will not leave you untouched.
