The Israeli-Palestinian conflict continues, and although the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few have any indication of the other aspect of the split - the group of people seeking peace and the elimination of peace Want to work separation. Eytan Fox has created a much-needed alternative view of the schism in THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah') and has decided to tell a story that contains subtle humor, love and a taste of brutal reality. It is a window into a situation that asks for understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv are three close friends Roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very gay young man working in a popular café; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome, slightly shy fellow who, in addition to his daily job in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time as a security guard at the city's checkpoints. On one of these watch service weekends, he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and there is a mutual attraction. The three friends decide to "look" at illegally present Ashraf (whom they call an Israeli name). While Ashraf and Noam engage in a love affair, Yali Ashraf engages in his café. also. Everything is going well until Ashraf has to go home for his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf could be openly gay with Noam, life in Jerusalem is very different: Ashraf is said to have to marry the sister of his sister, the groom's sister. To save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu masquerade as French reporters to gain access to Ashraf. In a moment of seeming seclusion, Noam and Ashraf are spotted kissing by the groom, and this act gives rise to extortion to keep Ashraf "in the closet." Young people in Tel Aviv dance at an event to promote peaceful coexistence , An attack occurs in Jerusalem - one that not only has serious consequences right away, but also the revenge mission that Ashraf must now accept. The end is tragic on many levels and underlines the seriousness of the problem between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The action is so natural that the audience, for both comedic and tragic reasons, fully believes in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between seriousness and light heartedness and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox such a good writer / director. More people should watch this important and very good movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady harp
