I'm on vacation in Israel this summer and I saw this amazing movie. A little warning before I start writing: I speak Hebrew fluently, so the Hebrew parts were no problem; However, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic, and I could not understand something from that subtitle. This did not interfere with my understanding of the movie, but I missed a few jokes that caused big laughs in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema that many hailed as one of the movie theaters The best years for gay cinema and relationships. It is very special to be over the shoulder with the others. However, "The Bubble" surpasses all others with its mix of outstanding acting, witty dialogue and relevant political climate. The film begins at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border. In the first moments we are not sure what kind of movie we have entered. However, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv is a character in this film. It is constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly being exchanged. The skyline and the development of the city are criticized quite sharply, and eventually the city develops along with the movie. The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and the Palestinian immigrant Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) with the Tel Aviv and Palestinian companies serving as a constant foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden and this creates a sense of urgency that is rare in the cinema. The love is incredibly strong and is the focus of the film. The secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: flamboyant restaurant owner Yellis (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and the Golan (Zohar Liba), a super-butch and lattice Golani soldier, are particularly amusing. The love scenes that abound in this movie are exquisite, artfully crafted artworks, and the cinematography is amazing: in the first love scene of the film, the camera swings down as a male character and gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer). and dissolves into a shot of Noam and Ashraf. This shot has led many others to make the viewer realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Giving away more of the plot would be a tragedy, but you know that there are a lot of political tensions and tragedies that touch the current global political climate, so I'm going to engage in witty dialogue instead focus. Even when I saw this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing. Particularly pleasing is the question of whether gay suicide bombers receive virgin women or men in heaven, and an analogy of Sampson from the Bible as the first suicide bomber in the world. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and reality that is rare in the cinema. The music used in the movie is also very powerful. Music is used only in times when characters could or should legitimately hear them, and in one scene, the music weakens when one character removes one headphone and stops when he removes the other. Small elements like these really enhance the movie. <br /> <br /> I could not recommend a movie. This is an excellent work of the cinema, which is both catharthisch and extremely well processed.
