This first part of Crispin Glover's personal Magnum Opus challenges you to think and can not be recommended to anyone who does not want to puzzle over Glover's series of pictures or follow the surprisingly simple but strangely intricate pictures. Thread of his story. For the more casual spectator, it is probably a confusing mish-mash of strange, startling and disturbing images for the sake of the imagery. <br /> <br /> You feel that Glover does not mind that this is the case, and he's almost as happy to hear why someone hated the movie, why he enjoyed it. His innate zeal for and about his work, and how the public interprets it, is strongly communicated not only by the film itself, but also by the unusual question and answer sessions that it often performs after the ensuing performances. he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and dismiss the film is to refer to it as Dada or Nihilist, a youthful attack on the modern film industry, an actor who has worked both externally and internally , However, there is a reason why Glover shows his slideshow before the movie, and it's not just the sale of books; His books are composed of images and text that Glover and What Is It? The situation is similar with images from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is a lovable and captivating film that you would hardly expect when watching it. Much has already been said about Glover's use of actors with Down Syndrome, and that is indeed one of the most striking aspects of the film. In fact, so horrible that many seem to interpret it as a kind of far-reaching crusade to see a more realistic and / or more dignified portrayal of the disabled in movies and on television, or at the other end of the spectrum. as a kind of direct exploitation of the disabled. But that's not it either, and maybe that's part of what makes this movie so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not political or hatred, it's about going beyond mainstream culture to a kind of outsider ugliness to search. It's not a movie about Down syndrome, but it's a movie that belongs to the Down syndrome actors that appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is completely crazy about ugliness and strangeness, which is portrayed so strongly that she is beautiful; happy for me, that's pretty much like, what is it? presents itself to the spectators. Glover uses the strange images of snails, death, and the disabled in part because he wants his audience to worry about either the sheer strangeness of the images or the visceral response to the dying cries of an anthropomorphized snail. In a sense, the strangely captivating (and occasionally downright grotesque) elements of What Is It? remember the work of the painter Francis Bacon? he of the notorious popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure, which inevitably bring the viewer to fright and look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film manages to be opulent and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well executed. and the contradictions make the whole thing all the more disturbing. However, this is not a completely serious movie, and it largely manages to circumvent the greatest pitfalls of the claim through the use of humor, largely due to the use (and juxtaposition) of well-known objects, images and names pop culture. And when is what? It's funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> All in all: what is it? is an impressive first Glover film as a director and author, and his presence as an actor in the film proves that he is not nearly the distraction that one might expect. It's like an observer in a dream that's not good or bad, but just weird. and that easily makes you dirty when you wake up. If that's the art you like, what is it? should exceed your expectations and be worth the effort to catch it in the theater with The Big Slide Show and Glover. All in all, it is an experience you will not forget so quickly.
