It's about an embezzler, Peter Ustinov, who infiltrates a British company, Texa-Conn or something, and pretends to be a computer geek and security expert. Secretly he learns to hack into the computer while collecting the admiration of his boss Karl Malden, the hostility of his rival Bob Newhart and the love of his clumsy secretary Maggie Smith. Some of the business details were a bit murky for these non-business minded people, but they are credible enough and I got the general idea. Ustinov, the peculiar Peter, founds wrong deals in Paris, Rome and Stuttgart and sends all sorts of money with Texa-Conn's computer to these replacement companies. The foreign companies are of course only themselves, Ustinov, and the addresses are an abandoned artist loft in Paris, a barber shop in Rome and a bakery in Germany. He simply visits her to pick up the checks he sent himself. <br /> <br /> I did not think I would like it for the first few minutes because it was rather slow. I was expecting something at a faster pace and more outrage, like The Pink Panther or The Lavender Hill Gang. However, if you appreciate the unobtrusive humor in the plot, the characterizations, and the dialogue, this film will grace your grace. <br /> <br /> It would probably be a bad idea to give away too many of these relatively subtle gags, but here are some examples of the more conspicuous ones. Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Let me have the assets of these companies." Smith: "Assets, what's that?" Ustinov: "Little female asses." Now nothing is made of this little exchange. There is a quick cut and no delay for any laughter, which is appropriate because the reaction is more of a smile than a laugh. Ustinov searches for this shabby loft in Paris. It is covered with cobwebs. Bricks are scattered and a few pictures of the former owner have been left behind. The landlord does not speak English and Ustinov does not speak French. Ustinov points to a childish painting of a naked woman and giggles: "Ah, fam fye-tal, eh?" Landlord also chuckles, answering: "Vous le prenez pour une anee?" Ustinov: "Oh, ANNIE, that's her name!" Owner: "Oui?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (Mes amis, if I've misunderstood these genders, m'excuse ever.) Bob Newhart, when Willard Gnatpole (!) Casts a spell on Maggie Smith and drives her home, tells her that he's "the scenic route "takes. There is an immediate consequence of suggestive traffic signs. "Attention." "Lay-by." "Give Way." "Yield." Ends with the ruler "STOP / CHILDREN". There is a different montage when Ustinov's plan is to be discovered by the Board - blurred roofs, police cars, a Maggie farewell hug that ends with a sign: PRISON, Wormwood Scrubs. <br /> <br /> maybe one more thing. I still can not get over Malden as a boss and say resolutely, "I'll never override decisions," then swallow a handful of pills and wash them off with a glass of water, undeniably good. It's the best role of Bob Newhart, for example. Not that he had so many and that his assortment was not limited, but he is perfect in this part. The music of Laurie Johnson obviously had a great deal of effort. She seems to have written a short concert for flute. Ustinov's passion is music and his foreign branches are led by false names such as Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. Stuttgart's fake president is someone called Schmidt, and he's an anomalous clinker. Maggi Smith is pretty, sexy, bourgeois and does not turn out to be as stupid as she seems. <br /> <br /> Gorgeous, in its own quiet way, but do not expect any weird fireworks.
