What else could I say? The Americans totally hated it, because the US cut was so bad, even though you could see the underlying goodwill in it. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the US theatrical release (along with the recently released Blu-ray Disc version), it's faster and firmer than the HK cut, the background music has gone from dark, grim HK music to hip-hop. Hop music changed. and many cruel scenes were cut out. However, the synchronization was a remarkable work as they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask), the film was designed to be dark, gloomy, superstitious and totally cruel. Unfortunately, the US release overflowed the cream they wanted, which in turn completely changed the undertone of the movie (HK release was rated 18+) to make HK even more comical and amateurish. This movie is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the entire flood and era of the "Matrix". The fight scenes are absolutely fantastic, even though the camera was a bit "old school" under HK movies. The style of the film, however, was a unique blend of kung fu and pop culture. With all the leather, black costumes and decorations, this film features a Batman-style superhero in a black mask against an ordinary group of multinational supersoldiers led by a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes, it sounds like ideas of a backward child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie shows nightmares with foreigners fighting leatherbands fighting bloodbaths. In 2002, they made a sequel that had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad that was because Li and Liu were the main characters of the movie and had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And did I happen to mention Francois Yip? Her roundhouse kick was totally cool and even cooler than the villain because she did not use a stuntman for all the fights. Did I mention that she also smokes hot? Anyway, there are many things you can like about the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the movie also had a lot of problems. First of all, it's a mediocre script created with the best potential, which means this production team deserves a better paperless recorder. There are many highlights in the entire 100 minutes, but they often felt far-fetched and did not make the audience completely sensible (the US version was even worse, as all character developments were cut). Anyway, you can not ask for too much of a comic-inspired action movie. Besides, this movie is totally inappropriate for children. I will not recommend it to you if you are less than 20 years old. It's full of disturbing content like blood, blood, sado-maso costumes, extreme brutal violence and so on. Along with the style of the film, this can be a wet dream for heavy metal rock music fans and action fans. (The US cut was milder, but if you want to see it, check out the HK release for what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, hidden, undervalued, adult.
