When The Straight Story was released in 1999, it was the first film to be praised by David Lynch, who ignored his regular themes of macabre and surrealism. Based on a true story of a man and his journey to visit his strange brother on a John Deere '66 mower, it is, at first glance, a strange story Lynch is supposed to conduct. As the story evolves, you can recognize some of Lynch's hallmarks. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus on the small town of America and its inhabitants is still as prevalent as in his earlier efforts, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks. The most notable difference, however, is that the comedy is limited. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has the remarkable distinction of being one of the few live action films I can think of as having a G rating. Incredibly significant, this film proves that beautiful and significant family films can be produced. The Straight Story was the first movie Lynch directed, where he had no hand for writing. For many Lynch supporters, this was a big negative point. Highly praised on all sides, the only overly negative criticism from James Brundage of filmcritic.com focused on exactly this criticism that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is fighting within a G-Rated story that is not his own." Brundage claims that his protagonist Alvin Straight "cites lines directly from Confucious". He argues that the story is weak and the dialogue is even worse. This is the only criticism that many will read for the film. It's true that this is not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I like, The Straight Story shows a different side of Lynch, which is by no means terrible. If you're a Lynch fan, it's especially important to separate this page from Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and thoughtful, which gives you a sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he travels to him. Alvin is constantly interested in his past and relationships with his wife, children and his Brother remembers. However, it should be emphasized that there are no flashbacks that amplify the effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion is that you watch a boat go down a slow, meandering river and it's beautiful to look at. The natural landscapes of the USA are accentuated and together with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti I would like to go to America. The performances are also excellent with any actor who believes in his roles, and Richard Farnsworth is particularly outstanding. His Oscar nomination was well deserved and it was a shame he had not won. Nevertheless, it is probably the most beautiful swan song for every actor. <br /> <br /> While The Straight Story does not contain any of Lynch's complex narratives or dialogue with brand names, the film is a fascinating study on aging and is highly recommended!
