Who would have thought that a movie about a man driving a few hundred miles on his lawnmower to see his brother might be a good movie? I certainly did not do it. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was just as wrong as I've been wrong so often because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Give a short CV from "The Straight Story" is not very difficult. It's about an old and unruly man who steps on his lawnmower and drives to another state to pay a visit to his brother when he learns that the man has suffered a severe stroke. This is something special in itself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother for ten years for stupid arguments. He now has a lot of bad luck and problems, but he also meets many people whose lives he influences in one way or another with his philosophical attitude to life. Despite all the difficulties he goes on for weeks without knowing if he will reach his goal: to see his brother again before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why it's human I do not like this movie and that 's why I' m not going to say that these people do not have a heart or anything like that ... This movie has no eye - catching action scenes, it 's as slow as the lawn mower Man goes on and no, you do not have to see it for the beautiful soundtrack, because there is none. But why should you look at it then? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have not seen such a touching movie with such a strong history yet, and the fact that this movie is actually from Hollywood and - to make it even better - from the Disney Studios (right, the same studios that gave us sugar-sweet taste overwhelming) nonsense) makes it even more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a few times while looking at them, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for years, because of a stupid argument, is all too realistic for me. <BR /> <br /> Some people will argue that the story is very shallow, but I really disagree. Maybe it's because they only see this old man driving on his lawnmower and do not want to think any further. If you look closely, as if you would understand that this man does all this, because he knows that he was wrong once, that only his pride stood in the way to see his brother again, and that all others want to see that, so Do not make the same mistake. If that is not deep enough, how much deeper does a story have to go for you? <br /> <br /> I also want to add that this movie really had everything. Some beautiful scenery (finally an American movie that shows something other than the skyline of New York, Chicago or any other big city), some very good acting by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and despite the fact a very understandable way too tell fact that this is a David Lynch movie. I know now that I was completely wrong in assuming that this film would not suit my taste. It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This movie aimed at my heart and hit the mark. I give the full 10/10.
