Maybe more than many movies, this is not for everyone. For some people, the idea that they slow down, reflect and let things happen in their own time is a good description of their personal hell. For others, an approach like this one speaks to a deep part of oneself that they know exists, a part they seek contact with. <br /> <br /> I suppose it is a function of where I am in my own life today, but I am counting in the camp of the latter group. I found the meditative tempo of this film almost hypnotic and gently led me into an almost mythological realm. This is indeed a travel story, a rich representation of the distance many of us have to travel to close the circle at the end of our days. As written by Mr. Farnsworth's presentation of Alvin Sure, though I'm not sure there are words that express the exquisite balance of confused sadness and clever innocence he has for us conjured up. Now knowing that he was actually dealing with his own mortality while sitting on that tractor seat, I wished I could spend time with him before he left. I hope he had a glimpse of the contentment and truth that he had brought to so many people, not just to "act", but to share his absolute humanity with such brutal honesty. <br /> <br /> Given the realities of production I am not sure that Mr Lynch has the courage to have developed the story so slowly. Nevertheless, as an outsider of film production, I understand that there are few areas of modern life where the term "time is money" is so descriptive. To go deep into our hearts is not an adventure that can hurry quickly. Mr. Lynch seems to understand that he does not just tell a story - he invites his viewers to spend some time with their own mortality. Not an easy task, that. <br /> <br /> If you want to get to know the power of the movie to familiarize yourself with a valuable part of yourself, you might do something worse than a few hours with The Straight Story to spend . And then allow yourself some time for the next little while, and in the short hours of the night just listen to the echoes.
