Just when it was easy to assume that a costume drama about kings could go nowhere, we get a reward, a moving and intelligent drama anchored in strong and charismatic performances by Emily Blunt, a marvel in the lead role, Paul Bettany Rupert Friend , Miranda Richardson, and Mark Strong as immediate forces shaping the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the young woman's turbulent transition to power. <br/> <br /> Emily plays the queen with a good combination of raw power and innocence that recognizes the complexity of the task at hand. but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as a smart young woman who knows she needs support from some key players and must be able to stand up to those who may now have her best interests. Victoria must steer clear of a flood of intruders on her way to the Crown, and even if she takes command of her new position, she discovers that the path to self-sufficiency depends on very important decisions and, of course, proper support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like her and is her soulmate. There is an amazing chemistry between the two performers, and there is little doubt as to what the result will be, but there is the character of Bettany's Prime Minister, a man who wisely supports and loves Victoria. <br /> <Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supportive roles as two parties that could be of questionable character and exercise considerable power in the upbringing of the young girl. Any of the secondary characters might need a bit more development, but what we see on screen might be enough to focus on the central character and excellence of Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion to perform earlier. Here she gets the eruptive role of her career, a real historical figure who broke the rules and managed to rule for a very long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch might have needed in later years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that has become the foundation of her charity work and her future intervention in social change. "The Young Victoria" is not a royal epic representation of England's ruling class. It's an intimate story of how people grow up and what special circumstances surround and shape them. In the end, the film is a nice start to a year in which war and destruction played an important role. In here is the message that good writing and good mediation can get us very far, and of course there is a good old-fashioned love story.
