Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the clumsy monarch who was virtually a hermit 40 years after the death of her husband Prince Albert, led a life of drama and intrigue in her younger years. "The Young Victoria" not only records the young queen's romance with her future husband, but also does a pretty good job of describing the political machinations surrounding her rise to the throne. <br /> <br /> The Act I 'Setup "draws you in. After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the Duchess of Kent finally joined former army officer John Conroy, who was the widow and her little boy, Conroy insisted that Victoria be rearmed under the cruel "Kensington system." These rules are intended to prevent the future queen from contacting her during her growing up Victoria also had to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became queen, and the film says the parliament passed the Regency Act in 1830, stating that Victoria's mother would become regent (and thus Guardian) for the In the event that Victoria joined the throne as a minor, during which time the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the hapless princess, insisting that she should have Pap iere signed, who made Conroy her private secretary and treasurer. The strong-willed Victoria would have none of this and refused to follow Conroy and her nefarious plans. The Duchess did not like King William because she considered him a Philander who had disrespected the monarchy. The king felt that the duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the King. In an over-the-top scene that actually appeared in the story, the king cursed the duchess at his birthday banquet and said it was his goal to survive until Victoria reached her 18th birthday, so that her mother would not Would become ruler. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria was admitted to the throne. Victoria has avenged her mother for her support of Conroy, who blamed her for making her childhood so miserable. Both were banished to a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace, and Victoria had little contact with her mother for several years. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" conveys the excitement and pomp and circumstances that surround Victoria's coronation as a queen. A good part of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Whisby's Lord Melbourne Prime Minister, who unfortunately is portrayed in the film as much younger than he actually was. In the beginning, Melbourne gains the trust of the young queen and they become good friends. In the early years of her reign, she sees Melbourne as progressive, but loses some respect for him as he turns out to be a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses he wants to champion. In fact, Melbourne was more like a father figure to Victoria, but the film points to sexual tensions between Prime Minister and Prince Albert as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced and the queen has to hire Sir Robert Peel from the more conservative Tory party as the new prime minister. The film recounts the events in "The Bedchamber Crisis," in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her Bedchamber ladies with the wives of Tory politicians. The film launches another scandal involving Lady Hastings, one of the Duchess's waiting ladies, who was accused of having an affair with John Conroy and getting pregnant. Due to her hatred for Conroy, Victoria helped spread rumors about Hastings's alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings just seemed to be pregnant. What she actually had was an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience shows Crisis during the Bedchamber, but the film's scenarioists ignore some of the more unappetizing aspects of her character, as shown in the Hastings Affair. The rest of "The Young Victoria" deals with - of course - the romance between the Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria had Albert wait, as the film makes it clear, as she wanted to get used to her duties as a new ruler. They spent a lot of time communicating until Albert returned to England to assist Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber Crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the husband of today's Queen. While Philip is mainly Dane, he went to school in Germany and had parents-in-law with a German background. Both Albert and Philip made it their mission to reform etiquette in the court (there's a great scene where Albert discovers the servants are still setting a table for King George III, even though he's been dead for years!) , Albert's fight was the same for Philip - as monarch's husbands, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip have been involved in various civil projects and have proven that they do not have to live in the shadow of their ever-popular wives. Luckily, toward the end of the film, there is a stellar scene where Albert makes Victoria angry with what she finds to be his interference in her affairs. Albert does not want a second "Bedchamber Crisis", so he walks over his wife's head and agrees on a compromise between Victoria's Bedchamber Ladies. Victoria barely talks to Albert when an assassin's bullets nearly knock them both down (in the movie, Albert is shot in the arm, but that never happened!). <br /> <br /> The services of the film are above all exceptionally excellent the principals, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The Young Victoria ends quite abruptly and the end credits tend too much for hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). However, "Victoria" is still a gripping drama and fascinating history lesson.
