My wife had forced me initially because she was fascinated by the British royal family and her story, and she would not go to the movies without me. Although the audience should not expect electricity, this film is very well done and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways it helps to dispel the myth that Victoria is the miserable, unkempt stupid woman normally seen in photographs. She was a clever intelligence and, according to the story of her early years, a jolly, happy, young woman. Her love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you count only the number of children she gave birth (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All this is well documented in the film. For this purpose, the cast with Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend was selected as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) The historical accuracy is somewhat questionable, as Prince Albert never did this at any time while defending Victoria. There was at least one assassination attempt while traveling together, but nobody was hit by the shots. I also found it strange that little was done to expand the supposedly intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is very likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria's disgust for both her mother and Conroy. I also found it odd that attempts were made to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as an irritation of romance, or at least to have the potential to become romantic. He was already in his late fifties when Victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were commonplace at the time, the film portrays Melbourne as something that is confronted with Prince Albert. There were apparently rivals for Albert, but she could never have marry anything below her position in life, and Albert was one of only a handful that would have been acceptable in any case. All in all I was I spent worse times in the cinema and brownie points with my wife can not be bad either.
