It is the misfortune of Queen Victoria to be defined as a historical figure according to her relationships with men. Shortly after she had passed the throne, she came under the influence of her prime minister, Lord Melbourne, as she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne." After the death of her beloved husband Albert, she was described as "The Widow at Windsor," and years later, a long friendship with her Scottish Ghillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs. Brown." That's what women pay for in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and Young Victoria helps set the record and portray the Queen as a smart and independent young woman aware of the injustices in her society and her court. Courts have always been hotbeds of seething jealousy, conspiracy and conspiracy, open ambition and sometimes murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria rose to the throne of her uncle, initiating a positive intrigue and power struggle between Prime Minister Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne, with his sophisticated cynicism and well-honed advice, in a way beats a path in the Old Public School Man. Hardly surprising that the young queen is in awe of him and perhaps even a little bit in love, an awe he recklessly exploits, drawing a clear line between attempted seduction and attempted seduction as he pervades his policy against Victoria's better judgment , Prince Albert rides into the arena on a mission from King Leopold of Belgium, who is interested in the political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first a reluctant worshiper, he soon falls in love with the English queen and mitigates the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, brilliantly evaluated and very elaborate film. I've noticed that he was criticized in some areas for this splendor, as if a film about the English royal house of the 19th century had somehow shown the Empress of India and her family living in rags in a dirty workhouse ... Me do not think so. I have to pick out the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young Princess Margaret's. Her role is obviously the key, and she has absolutely no trouble dominating the movie, despite the powerful performances of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson, and Miss Harriet Walter, all immeasurably seasoned. The music is appropriately regal and forms a coherent part of the entire movie without being obtrusive in any way. The fact that Britan flourished more among its two great queens, Elizabeth the First and Victoria than at any other time, is a matter that feminists would like to do more, but I suspect that, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, they really do powerful women feel uncomfortable. If you can find out why there is a doctorate. it.
