Overall I thought it was a very nice movie - I hate to use the word "nice" as it is quite dry, but it was very nice to look at and the central appearances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked best was that despite the shiny aesthetics of the costumes and attitudes, all of which were gilded and shiny, this aspect never took over the core of the film, which was good, strong writing (thanks Julian Fellowes: D) ; nothing too flamboyant or soaked with pomp, d. H. not particularly sensational (if Victoria is pulled out of bed to be informed that she is queen now, then the crown can not be passed off any less glamorously). It was gently balanced, and every line of the movie had its value. Undoubtedly, the portrayal of the love between Victoria and Albert, though somewhat fairytale in the face, was actually a slow-burning candle, and Friend and Blunt showed themselves good to show how effortless these two individuals were even though the union was originally arranged (my favorite was when they came home after the hunt and Victoria simply hugged her new husband from the back, so much was said without words), that's what the movie is about.) Blunt did too Beautiful, she has a face that requires your attention, and I can not mention the costumes she wears - all are just beautiful. If I were Blunt, I would have difficulty separating from them! The rest of the ensemble ensemble played well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide was a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only thing I have is that there was a lack of urgency or an event that might have been possible that made the movie a bit more exciting? (It was pretty tame) I do not know, I wanted something to happen that would make Victoria gain strength and prove her worth a little more. When she and Albert argued that I loved it a lot, I could have used some crucial dramatic moments, even if it was just me. <br /> <br /> Eventually, it renewed itself at the risk of all patriotic kind of pride and awe in the crown and what it takes to be in such a position, especially in such a young woman. This may in part contribute to the fact that the snapshot of this film from Victoria's young life is directly in line with what I wrote for one of my characters in "The Sword & The Scion", yet it has shown those feelings (for Can you Perhaps it was also the film that showed how ridiculous the government was at the time when it did not seem to be crying out about the poor and dispossessed of the nation, which only renewed the esteem that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this domestic area, the government seemed pretty useless - nothing has changed, as I suppose. <br /> <br /> BLOG in movies and books: http: //sempergratis.blogspot. com
