What else can be said? I was not so fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett entered the scene over ten years ago. And although both Blanchett and Blunt have now played queens (seemingly the benchmark for up-and-coming actresses), the roles are completely opposite opposites. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you're looking for a high level of passion and compelling drama and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This does not mean that the script or the direction was bad, it was just that the theme of the film in comparison to other notable personalities like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylene, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II too dramatic and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives consisted of such things as good soap operas, and whose policies and decisions changed the course of the British and, in most cases, world history. In contrast, Victoria ascended the throne without incident. It governed a nation that quickly became a world power due to the industrialization and the rise of the navy. Her state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and she married young had a harmonious family life. The facts of their lives are not the storm and drag that make powerful dramas. The heart of the film, apart from trying to dramatize its disturbing upbringing and the machinations that surround its throne, is the story of what was truly shocking and surprising - a love story. A marriage made for financial or political reasons is not necessarily the place to look for earth-shattering passion, yet Victoria will always be remembered in history as a sort of Patron Saint family loyalty, happiness and an ideal family life. The focus of the film is therefore the burgeoning love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very impressed with Rupert Freund's characterization of Albert, whom he portrayed as a friendly, patient, somewhat sincere, and perhaps empathetic young man who wanted to "do and help the good in the world." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to start a drama, but since that's not the point of the story, it does not matter. The heart of the figure shines thanks to the unobtrusive yet serious performance of Friend. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, it's good. Emily Blunt is sublime. Her beauty can not be denied, but she is more than pretty to look at. Her face looks like mercury because of her expressiveness. The smallest bow of the eyebrow, a look of the eye or a slight, crooked smile provides so much. Again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy talking and passionate pleas, it's not such a movie. But what makes Blunt with the role, the simple humanity of the figure shows with strong subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joie de vivre held by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her experienced adviser / lover Conroy in terms of simple things like Victoria trying to draw her dog. We see her enthusiasm and fascination when she first met Albert through her eyes, who are constantly attracted to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when she addresses Parliament as she advances. And my favorite scene in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful, while making herself do what most women never have to do in her life - ask the man she loves to marry her, a ridiculous suggestion For these times (and some would say now), Victoria burst into nervous laughter before she can even say, "marry me." Again, this is not a movie for oversized expressions, but rather a study of the subtleties of a character and the little things that say so much. <br /> <br /> So, on the whole, I feel that I feel that some of the politics could be better explained and that some very good actors with little development and little character development were wasted, namely Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent and the Charroy of Conroy and Lord Peal. The movie did not spend much time with these characters, but a little more exposure would have helped explain the political environment. I would have liked to see more of the marriage-life adaptation between Victoria and Albert, but that might just be my craving for more scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> Do not grasp this movie in terms of a historical drama, but for what it really is, a love story between two characters who happen to be historical figures. I give this film a solid 7 for wonderful lead performances, brilliant costumes and scenery and the great Victoria of Emily Blunt. And if you still have some romance left, you'll be in touch at the end of this movie. God Save the Queen.
