The filmic interest in the British monarchy continues with The Young Victoria (1837-1901), having spent the last few years working with Keira Knightley's The Duchess, Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth films, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman's with the Boleyn sisters The other Boleyn girl had participated. Other contemporary stories include Helen Mirren's award-winning portrayal of the Queen in the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II on the occasion of the reign of Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> In each of these films, there were stunning actresses with actresses gravitas (ok, so maybe some argue Johansson) or were the flavor of their moment, and every movie had a defining moment in the legacy of its historical character that it was Child's play is to present these events, and indeed Elizabeth had enough to span two films. The Young Victoria, however, as the title implies, is an easy version of the young queen's life, and if you're looking for the ultimate event or the political intrigue that plagues all royal households and their dealings with dodgy plagues, selfish politicians, unfortunately there is no depth effect here. <br /> <br /> That does not mean that The Young Victoria is without. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and the screenplay by Julian Fellowes, this film simply depicts the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, now the new It Girl) of her childhood, the Problems she encountered before the Coronation, such as her mother's eagerness The Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her advisor Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to appoint as co-regent her throne, as the ruling King had already intended William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the political power game comes into play: Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) is a prime minister who tries to gain the new queen's confidence, and subtly places his own trusted allies in positions within the palace. On the one hand, you would understand that a young and new queen must entrust people in key positions, but on the other, are they really acting in their interest or in the interest of others? <br /> <br Even this nook of intrigue creeps into her romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where her relationship accounts for most of the second half of the movie and pretty much everything that's already in the trailers. For both, they have been educated under the influence of others and have explained exactly what to do each step of the way. Even their union may seem like a firm enrollment of an alliance, unless both lovers recognize their shared need to work out their own foundation, and do so with the help of each other. Instead of being farmers, there is this constant search and exploration of ways to break out of the stifling, and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a much-valued commodity, and loyalty can be exchanged if you want to clean up the slate. <br /> <br /> However, all these themes become child's play through the narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and marriage children. In fact, there is so much forerunners here, especially in the last few minutes, which are filled with subtitles, that the audience actually wants more and of course has room for another film that I suspect would probably not see the light day but maybe a television series can pick up on the film's reaction and come out with a miniseries or such. It is a pity that all the efforts here for the costumes, sets and art direction are limited to a film that has a relatively light theme and a brief mention of the themes that they do not really challenge the protagonists Allowing some to overcome a characterizing opponent. <br /> <br /> With his star-studded cast you would expect more, but you would want more instead. Recommended for anyone who has always been curious about kings and queens in the British monarchy, just as a complement to other appealing stories available in the other aforementioned films.
