Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) stands for the English throne. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not feeling well and can not live long. Vicky's mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her adviser John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign papers calling her a "regent" until she is older, as she is only 20 years old , The young lady refuses, even though John beat her. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for her country. However, when William dies shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria knows she has a hard time ahead of her. First, she must surround herself with the "right" advisers to govern wisely. She selects the pretty Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, though he is an older man, is mentioned as a Vicky admirer. Which brings us to the second big decision of the young queen. Earlier than not, the young queen should choose her future partner, as this will give her life and those of the kingdom stability, because an inheritance must appear in the years to come. In Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family also have plans. The pretty Prince Albert (Rupert Friend) from the Saxon-Coburg dynasty is encouraged by his father to court the young English king. As soon as he arrives at the palace, he is in love and the feeling seems to be mutual. But can he win her heart because he is a little player on the map of royal play? This is a beautiful movie that got even better with an absolutely compelling performance by Emily Blunt than Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but it is her intelligent interpretation of the role that scores powerfully. Friend is good too, as well as the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a disgusting role!) And the rest. In addition, the film is superbly filmed, costumed and staged, making it an optical in every way Makes pleasure. If something is missing, it is an extra dose of dazzling, as the film sometimes seems a bit too straightforward and prosaic, sometimes with a somewhat unimaginative editing. However, this is just a small, insignificant argument in a very successful and beautiful movie. In short, young and old, should take time for Young Victoria. It is an extremely worthy film among the film offers of the year 2009.
