The 63-year reign of Queen Victoria may be one of the best documented and most popular historical realms in British history. On the one hand, their story lacks the theatricality of former kings, thanks to a change in the social climate and attitudes, and, on the other hand, their story is one that perpetuates because it is remarkably human. In the early years of her life, where the burgeoning romance between her and the German Prince Albert stood in the foreground, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until recently remained in the unknown shadow of the industry, takes Victoria's story and captures this human element so important to her heritage. It's a story that feels extremely humble given its lush background, but that's also why it has a clear lead here that sets it apart from the usual price. <br /> <br /> A very direct and focused approach at the center A short time of about five years between her ascent and the marriage with Albert. The young Victoria does what so small pieces of this kind offer. Rather than attempting an extensive encapsulation of the entire life of such a figure, Vallée would instead like to show one of the lesser-known complications of Victoria's early years, which are easily overlooked in favor of the better known awards. The result is a feature that can annoy historians due to their relatively bad facts and the like, but the document can never get in the way of extracting a compelling story. The writer Julian Fellowes holds on to his weapons and delivers a somewhat romantic, but convincing depiction. Vallee takes this and runs to make sure that these elements are fully exploited, with sufficient restraint to maintain integrity with respect to the story in question and the viewer. <br /> <br /> A big part of the joy of seeing The Young Victoria, however, simply plays out in the production values ​​provided here, bringing to life the Regal Britain of the early 19th century, with a vivid realism like this rarely achieved through genre films. Everything from the costumes, sets, hairstyles, lights and photography emphasizes the grandiose background of Victoria's story without burdening it too much. In fact, while you see Vallée's interpretation here, it is very hard not only through the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; And then there's the film music of the film, which adds enormously to promoting the very elegant and at the same time personal sounds that dominate Fellowes' screenplay. Engaging the works of Schubert and Strauss in the history of Victoria and Albert not only serves as a reference point for the characters, but also merges with an elegance and a refrain that echoes the original work of the composer Ilan Eshkeri as well. But for all the poignant compositions, lush backdrops, and flawless costumes that underline each scene, the most important factor here and for most historical dramas is the performance of the cast and how it helps to awaken the world in it they exist, to life. Fortunately, The Young Victoria is blessed with an equally flawless ensemble of young and old theaters that do just that. Between the sweet, up-and-coming romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic battles of their advisors and the likes (led by a terrific Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), are the conflicts and the warmth that shape Fellowe's screenplay , so prevalent here are conveyed perfectly by all those involved, which contributes to the fact that the film is not a plastic matter, which is "nice to look at, but muted" under what is so common in these ventures. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to fault a job like The Young Victoria. It has a perfectly touching and human sense of affection within its perfectly driven romance, as well as a historical significance that serves as a fascinating source of interest to viewers interested in such details. Of course, the film world should not be taken by storm, and its overall presence lacks a certain meaning, which prevents them from becoming more than just a pathetically restrained romantic drama. In a way, it's fun too. Vallee never seems to strive for grandeur, and he also seems not content to make a nasty escapist piece for lovers. Somewhere in this gray middle ground lies The Young Victoria, which is certainly suitable for genre fans and those who are somewhat disillusioned by the usual productions. beautiful, memorable, but above all human. <br /> <br /> - A Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
