Queen Victoria not only has the longest reign in British history (63 years), but also two other awards. She was, with the exception of our current Queen, the eldest British monarch living at the age of 81. She was also the youngest British (as opposed to English or Scottish) monarch, who came to the throne at eighteen. Whenever television or the cinema produce a program or a movie about them, they seem to be much more interested in the older Victoria than in the young girl. The version of Victoria with which the modern public is probably most familiar is Judi Dench in "Mrs. Brown." "The Young Victoria" seeks to restore balance by showing us the events surrounding her accession and the early years of her reign. It has the rare difference that it was produced by a former queen, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice appears to be extra short. <br /> <br /> The plot consists of three main strands. The first concerns the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, who is a highly unpopular personality even with her own daughter, mainly because of the influence of her adviser Sir John Conroy, widely known as the lover. (According to an unfounded rumor, he was, and not the late Duke of Kent, Victoria's biological father). The second part concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert and the attempts of the Belgian King Leopold, who was both Uncle, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the reputation of the house of Saxe-Coburg, to which he and Albert belonged). The third concerns one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the Bedchamber Crisis of 1839, when supporters of the Tory party (which had traditionally favored a strong monarchy) got up because the young queen had favored the Whig Party and its leader Lord Melbourne, Although the Whigs had historically supported a quasi-republican system of government, the monarch was reduced to a figurehead. The writer Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wonder if this is the case. Perhaps he has colored his treatment of political issues as he seems to be leaning against the Tories, predecessors of the modern conservative party. Their leader, Robert Peel, is portrayed as statesmanship and dignity, while Melbourne, despite his charm and charm, is shown as outlandish and uninterested in social reform. There are some truths concerning these characterizations, but Fellowes estimates that just a few years earlier the Tories had rejected the reform bill that ended the corrupt voting system for corrupt neighborhoods, and that they benefited from William IV's unconstitutional dismissal of a Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in dynastic and constitutional history are not always well translated to the big screen, and they contain inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not injured in Edward Oxford's assassination of Victoria's life, and Melbourne (late fifties when Victoria joined) was not as youthful as Paul Bettany's. King William IV might not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he would have gone so far as to insult her during a state banquet as shown here. Nor did I understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy force Victoria to sign a Regency Order; The Duchess's constitutional position was clarified by the Regency Act 1830, which provided that she would become regent if her daughter was under the age of 18 at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have changed the terms of the law. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional infelics. In an early scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess as they compare to pawns moved on a chessboard. A metaphor that has been hacked so that the entire scene would have come with a "Danger! Major cliché foreseen". Warning. Despite such scenes, I enjoyed the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the Duchess and Mark Strong as the disgusting Conroy. It's visually very attractive as we were shot in a luxurious style that we associate with British historical drama. Jim Broadbent makes an amusing turn as King William, though he occasionally succumbs to the temptation to surpass the top. (Although not as catastrophic as in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, are the appearances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her delightful portrayal the queen is no longer the old lady of popular imagination, the black-robed widow of Windsor, who is not constantly amused but determined and determined and loving young woman. Her love for Albert and her happy family life together were one of the main reasons why the monarchy was able to re-integrate itself into the affection of the British people. (With the exception of George III, the hannoverian ancestors of victoria were infamous for marital virtues). Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a touching romance and poignant human drama, as well as exploring a key phase in British history. 8.10
