The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's four-and-a-half-hour poem written in Siberia should not begin immediately because it has to hold back for space because it takes time to recall the memory of childhood memories that recall the memory of childhood memories - However, the film is absorbing more and more of its emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images that compose it, by their mere connection with their subject matter, are filled with the quality of tireless, quiet dignity that characterizes Soviet working spirit. Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist way, such as Soya Cuba and Invincible, the mood becomes somber and thoughtful. The news of the revolution reaches the secluded Siberian village through the grapevine. The fruits of his work can only be achieved if a world war asks young men to come forward. Konchalovksy faces the individual and with care and affection checks the bitter longing and regret of the woman who waited six years after the war for a fiancé who never returned, long enough to become a barmaid Ship with velvet sofas from which she returned years later to return to her village to look after an aging uncle who killed the fiancee's father with an ax, the disrespectful folly of the fiancée, who also returned for 20 years as a hero Later, he did not return because of the girl he had left behind, but to drill oil for the motherland, the desperation and resignation of the middle-aged regional party leader who returns to his little Siberian village just to erase the card Build power plant. The film changes from decade to decade from the 10s to the 80s with amazing newsreels following Soviet history, from the Revolution to the famine in the war and the gigantic technological achievements of an empire masses and faces), but the real film focuses on that Individual, on triumphs and crazes small and big. In the second half a bittersweet fatalism creeps in; of broken lives that never filled with regret and longing. "It does not matter," the world seems to say, to which Konchalovksy answers, "it must be important," because the protagonists are always seeking salvation. "Something seems to float, shadowy, almost insubstantial, like the Eternal Old One's hermit Man who leads or rejects the protagonists in each segment, sometimes a mere cheater, sometimes the enigmatic way; Something behind and above all the other straightforward and logically incomprehensible ultimate challenges and affirmations of the human characters seems to lurk something invisible. Ghosts of the fathers who appear in sepia dreams repeated shots of a star shining in the night sky, a curious bear, indeed the Eternal Old Man himself; Konchalovksy demands awe and reverence for a mystical land of other order. In his treatment of a small hillbilly community fighting against the progress and time of nature and the way it deals with it, often funny and tragic at the same time, and the fact that the director never allows cynicism to allow his humanism it overrides I remind of Shohei Imamura The deep desires of the gods. In a dream scene, when Alexei tears through the planks of a door to which a propaganda poster is pasted by Stalin to reach his (dead) father as he disappears in the fog, the film points to the treachery of the Soviet dream or, better yet With all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal became more apparent in the fiery dissolution of the film. The stunning visuals, elegiac and bleak with a raw naturalistic edge, help round out the deal. In the end, an ildrum breaks out in flames and the movie breaks out in a wild explosion of pure cinema.
