This film seems to have been conceived as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - the storyline, the dance numbers, the funky music and the entire formula are there ... except Ginger! Whether it was REALLY intended to reunite the team is uncertain, but it certainly has the look of one of those films. Instead of Fred's usual companions (like Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably because, although they're known as a comedy team, they could sing and dance very well. That really shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were made with either Fred and Gracie or the two along with George. Only at the very end Ms. Fontaine dances with Fred, but it is very short and with a distant camera shot. <br /> <br /> When we talk about Burns and Allen, I think I owe it to the team to talk about it in the movie. I've never been a fan of her show or movies. In general, I find Gracies Dumbbell Act very annoying and I have given bad reviews on her short films and feature films. In this movie, though, I have to admit that they were great - not only competent dancing, but I also found them funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very nicely. They were at the top of their game and the authors did a wonderful job in this department. <br /> <br /> Well, as far as the rest of the movie is concerned, it's all a lot of fun and entertaining. The problem for me, however, was that Joan Fontaine was not a very good choice for the movie - not just because she performed out of her reach (after all, she was not a singer or dancer), but because she had the screen presence of a lint globule. For that reason, the usual balance and dialogue between girls and girls was missing. It was also a very charming idea of ​​Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything to play Amoros - all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I loved the sequence Fun House and Tunnel of Love - it's too hard to describe, but it's so much fun! Overall, I liked the movie pretty much - it had a lot of charm and good writing. Unfortunately, it also featured a bland performance by Ms. Fontaine, who scored one point - brought my score to 7 for this film.
