Soon the Americans would rave about a dark, ruined England preparing for an invasion of Europe, but in 1937 the image of the hip Americans in the sunny, somewhat ridiculous English countryside was an appealing, idyllic distraction. American dance star and heartbreaker Jerry Halliday (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of the screaming female crowds generated by his manager's loud propaganda (Burns), is unwillingly into the marriage prospects of the frustrated heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine entangled). The story is complicated by a betting pool among the Marshmorton servants led by boss-butler Keggs (Gardiner), tied to Lady Alice's cousin Reggie (Noble), favorite of Alice's cowering, domineering aunt ( Collier) sets. , The story would have been much better as a half hour TV episode. The usual Wodehouse Plot devices with false identities and jumps to wrong conclusions subtract in a full-length movie. Both Alice and Jerry appear unbelievable (and annoying) in the second half of the film. The interlude of the amusement park and the highlight in the castle are too long and attract. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a fat blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while the young foot soldier Albert (Watson) is painfully awful. But though "Damsel" is a pretty small vehicle for so many talents, talent does not let us down. Astaire's romantic comedy art is no less pleasing here than in his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, both solo and with Burns & Allen, are impressive, though his only dance with newcomer Hoofer Joan is necessarily tame. Gracie almost steals the entire show as George's bubbly secretary, who is at the same time airy, soulful and cool self-confident. Their scene with the solid character actor Gardiner as the sneaky Snob Keggs is a unique classic. This and Astaire's priceless scene with the madrigal singers gives "Damsel" a delightful color of naïve but posh Americans mingling with noble but boring Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Nice Work If You Can It" and "Stiff Upper Lip", who carry the film through its weak points. And is there another movie where madrigals receive a Gershwin Swing treatment? "Damsel" is more than a trifle for those who want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a real star. It's a nice change as entertaining as any of the Vaudevillian comedies that dominated the 1930s, but are never made again.
