In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never wrote on as in PICKWICK PAPERS. That would not have been too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary, Robert Surtees, did just that and focused only on the misadventures of the fox hunting set (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is a title in one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has a following, but most people find his novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a jolly man (not to mention, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a funny book). So Dickens's third book is OLIVER TWIST (which turned pretty gloomy on points). Orwell says that every author needs to change the style of his books in order to grow. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) have agreed. <br /> <br /> But Orwell overlooked the genre author who transcends his fellow human beings. Surtees is, as I said, a genre writer who focuses on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse saw himself as an entertainer who made fun of being at the top of the British social system. His Earl of Emsworth is proud to raise the best swine in England, as ... well, Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready to counterattack if he is to be subjected to an unfair superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should bring a huge profit (but always manages to break up in the end). And best of all, his Jeeves will always use his brilliant brains to save the awkward Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited view of his writing mission - he was there to make funny cartoon characters for the entertainment of the world - his books never lost their luster. They served (and still serve) their purposes. In fact, Wodehouse compared with his far more serious contemporaries Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but which were more intellectual. The best of Waugh is still one of the highlights of twentieth-century British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL and the rest. But in his determination to expose his points, the book often collapsed when its points did not catch the reader interested. For all VILE BODIES there were some failures late in his career, such as THE ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could do less hard work, his case did not go as far as Waugh's. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a gifted lyricist (if you hear "Bill" in the score of SHOWBOAT, this is not the case for Kern and Hammerstein's tune, but Kern and Wodehouse's tune was already written about a dozen years ago). Oh Lady, Lady. "He was also a practical dramatist, so it's gratifying to see that he made his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS a script here. <br /> <br /> It has the usual characteristics of Wodehouse The perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance) is a villain who manipulates a "friendly" gambling among the staff of the stately home he is in. He also does not occasionally renounce Italian opera - despite the Attempts by Constance Collier to control his impulse - this is a typical Wodehouse characterization, as is the love affair between Lady Alyce and Jerry through the antics of Keggs and the young Albert, who both want to win the gambling potential, continues to run well. Wodehouse always switches to this kind of action change, with antagonists changing their point of view according to their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky here that Burns and Allan worked together. It is generally assumed that of all the films they have filmed as supporting cast (such as SIX OF A KIND and WE DO NOT DRESS), George and Gracie did their best to support Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip," is wonderful, as is an earlier sequence in which the three dance a "whisk" (learned by Astaire from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful, illogical logic is used by Wodehouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how she manages to get him to spend more money than it has earned her change) - only Albert notices Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and sees Gardiner as if he were either stupid or crazy). Their dialogue with Lady Caroline (Collier) 's son Reggie (Ray Noble, the British bandleader) led him to believe that he would marry her. But it's also wonderful to say goodbye to Gracie. The film allegedly failed at the box office because it lacked Ginger Rogers and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not do any remarkable work in this role, but the mistake is really Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But the film can endure without that, given the other performers and their characters, the music of Gershwin and Wodehouse's wonderful sense of fun.
