Before 'Zavet' there was a similarity between Tim Burton and Kusturica's artistic vision. They find their own poetic style and then become cowardly prisoners. Burton has (and still has) dork, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they got critical praise for always repeating the same formula. However, there are people like me who only find jokes funny when they hear it for the first time. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst movies are Black Cat White Cat and Life is Wonder. 'Zavet' is something completely different. You like it, you hate it, but that's NOT just another Kusturica poet. Balkan dreamlike stuff. Of course, if you want to be praised, you have to play it safe. It was very easy for Kusturica to shoot another flying gypsy movie and receive an award. Fortunately, as a brave man, he chooses a film that has an ironic look at his earlier works. "Zavet" can be described as a strong and very hard parody in earlier Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It's nice to see a great director so you do not take yourself too seriously. This is a quality that Kusturica has and even the biggest ones like Bergman or Kubrick did not have. This film is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep, and so insatiable that it becomes funny. The same stuff that makes "Plan 9 from space" a cult would turn this masterpiece into people who know how to look at it. The average Western viewer would not get a few references. The most famous tire shop owner is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian playwright. Politically, she is very active as a left-leaning liberal and despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica 'everything but not subtle' took her work into the role of Miki Manojlovic in the business of Srbljanovic. Second, we refer to Goran Bregovic. previous composer of Kusturica. He founded "Funeral and wedding orchestra" and began performing all over Europe. Although he is hailed as a great composer, Bregovic is only an actor and most of his songs (if not all) are bad covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's attitude to Bregovic was to confront a wedding and a funeral, with the funeral mocking the wedding. In addition, the music covers Western classics as "London Bridge" or French lullabies fall. Do not you think that's funny? Now, watch how we feel in Serbia listening to Bregovic's terrible cover. I really liked this movie because it does not seem like it's deep, it's so full of symbols that it becomes a parody, and it's beautifully judged like all of its works. If you like Kusturica's previous films, chances are you'll hate this. If you do not like some of his latest films, you'll find this a pleasant surprise, because it's as if Fellini stages "Pink Flamingos." Intentionally. I have great respect for this guy after 'Zavet'. The next Tim Burton movie would certainly have a main character with pale faces. In the next Kusturica movies, it can be easy for extraterrestrials to invade Earth. That's why he's the most interesting director on earth, whether you like it or not.
