Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. A real lament! I had heard great reviews for the movie and rented it from Netflix. Am I glad that I did it! In many ways, this film reminded me of the old style of classic Japanese film art of the 1940s and 1950s that I loved as much as it can be seen in Yasujiro Ozu's paintings - the title even begins in the same way as the Japanese Letters (characters) in red against the neutral burlap material. I immediately thought: This director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: mostly indoor sets with only a few outdoor shots. Even a few "pillow shots," as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is based on the love of the characters to each other. <br /> <br /> The story tells of the life of a Japanese family before, during and after World War II. The mother takes best care of her growing girls after the father (a university professor) was arrested for anti-war sympathies. He is never released and has only a few brief meetings with his wife in prison before dying of starvation and illness. Meanwhile, a former student of the professor often comes by to look after the mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and is a substitute father for the two girls. But the war begins and he has moved in and they have to say goodbye abruptly. Will you ever express your love for each other? Will he ever return from the war? <br /> <br /> The performance of leading actress Sayuri Yoshinaga has so much heart and gentle spirit. She is almost a Madonna-type, she is so beautiful! Big, soulful eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no macho in him at all; He is gentle and friendly. I would definitely see both in other films. I think I'll see what's available to her. The two little children actresses are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The film was recently released on NTSC DVD for the American public, with very easy-to-read English subtitles. I gave him a 10 out of 10 score on the IMDb. I cried almost as much as with the Japanese film classic Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
