My introduction to the cinematic world of Yoji Yamada is through his famous and recent samurai trilogy featuring The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade, and Love and Honor. I had enjoyed all three films, and when I look at the rich filmography of the seasoned director, I think I'll need a very long time to see all of his films, especially the Tora-San series. Needless to say, when Kabei Our Mother finally reached our shoreline, I took the chance to see what an ode to mothers everywhere is, and celebrates her innate love for her children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our mother tells of a family of four? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and youngest child Teru (Miku Sato). From the beginning, her life would change forever as Shigeru was arrested under the Peacekeeping Act for his morally controversial writings against the nation that began in the late 1930s, when Japan began its "crusade" in China, and then its participation in it became WWII. <br /> <br /> So Kabei starts to keep his jobs to feed her family and the frequent, difficult meetings with her husband behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru, as Kabei's own father, with his spouse's choice, adopted the attitude "I told you so." Shigeru's former student Yama (art-house connoisseur should recognize Tadanobu Asano here) gives laughter as a limping man who is slowly becoming a trusted and deputy guardian for the children, and Kabei's sister-in-law Hisako (Hir Dan) from Hiroshima, who in my opinion sounded would have some belated alarm bells about their unfortunate fate as the film evolves through its timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses primarily on growing up children under the presence of their mother and in a distant relationship with their father, what I've enjoyed is how the microscopic family events are among the macroscopic world events which have influenced the common people in Japan. It is against the historical background that Japan's hegemony is focused on regional dominance, and there are characters who do not obscure these ambitions. They even discuss what the country would eventually do if it succeeds in sticking to the conquered land. This is something that I rarely see in Japanese films because they are so open in their discussion of this era and also get an idea of ​​how the simple man faces domestic problems, which makes the resources for the war effort even more difficult made. <br /> <br /> The actresses here are perfect in terms of their role and role, whether veterans or child actors. The actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves a special mention for her role as a maternal figure who must dig deep and find that inner power to carry the household under difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are adorable as understanding children who need to learn to learn and make compromises. Any scene where the three of them are together makes it hard when things get difficult or fills your heart with joy when they celebrate. In the near future, you will soon be attracted to this family, thanks to the powerful performances of the lead actor, with Yoji Yamada demanding some truly natural benefits from the children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our mother offers a breathtakingly beautiful style of art and is stylish in providing both happy and sad moments without exaggerating or relying on a cheap melodrama to relieve the emotions of the audience cheapen. There are many little things that are done right here, what makes them perfect, every scene is not wasted, and every nuance is very important for communicating their message, be it compassion or love. <br /> <br /> Aside from the very abrupt end (I had hoped that it could have gone much further despite its more than two hours of running time), Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended and it will be hard for you either to hold back your tears or this thought about your own mother and her sacrifices that she brings daily for you. What exactly those victims are, should you need another reminder, then the scene during the guy reminds you of what you might have taken for granted.
