"I hate those stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid it starts on the day we bury George, not that we bury him, we burned him for the sake of the environment." So speaks Elizabeth (Judi Dench), Georges widow. She has lived a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two grown children and a 12-year-old grandchild. But when she was 15 and playing at school in the middle of World War II, she played at night in an all-girl band called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming villain who did not feel like fighting and possibly getting killed. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and make-up, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth is in the attic of her house playing the saxophone she has put away. She used to practice, but only when George was outside the house on the golf course. Then two things happen to her granddaughter, who is astonished how good Elizabeth is, talks about how the blonde Bombshells could be reunited in her school dance, and then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), who is now as old as Elizabeth, and as well he attracted her since he was more than 50 years old. (He was also attracted to all the other members of the bombshells, the roses that would appear on his bass drum had a special meaning that confirmed his affection.) Well, why not see if the other band members can be found, and why not is there a shot for a reunion performance at her granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the band is Gaga. One is dead One is in prison. Salvation has been found with the Salvation Army. From which they can find no trace. One is last known in the States. One is a professional singer and does not intend to attend a school even for a reunion. Successively, Elizabeth and Patrick bring together the surviving members of the Bombshells. We do not know if enough of it can be found. The samples usually turn into confusing mess. As they do so, we share Elizabeth's flashbacks of what life was like when she and Patrick were young in the London War and played in the band while the bombs were falling. As awful as it was, it was the most exciting time of her life. As the night comes to dance from Elizabeth's granddaughter, of course, the blonde Bombshells, filled with trembling and new friendship, blow the teenagers. Then Elizabeth tells us that the bombshells continue to play at concerts and that she and Patrick have no plans to marry. <br /> <br /> This is sentimental hogwash, expertly made and not bad at all. What it does is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "warm-hearted comedy," I usually fret, unless the actors are first-rate. Dench and Holm are miracles to watch when they take something as light and predictable as this script and turn it into something that appeals to us. Then there's the "old broad" Gambit, which is fun if you remember the old Broads. Blonde Bombshells include Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost balances production. She is so strong and unique, a jazz talent, that as she sings the program she almost becomes the Cleo Laine Show. Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII songs played in the strong swing.
