Much to the chagrin of her adult children and almost immediately after Elizabeth's husband (Dame Judy Dench), the widowed tenor saxophonist in the loft is determined to return openly to her musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth does not have to play saxophone in the attic. As she becomes more and more content with playing outdoors, Elizabeth takes a walk through the past and remembers when she was 15, in a jazz swing band "The Blonde Bombshells": allegedly an all-girl group of talented talents jazz swing musicians. One of the "Blonde Bombshells" band members was a happy, cheerful drummer, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth was friends. Both Patrick and Elizabeth's 12-year-old daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), push Elizabeth to rally the former band members together and perform again; this time as a bunch of sexagenarians. Among the band members she finds the (still foxy!) Bassist Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), a trumpet player, alcoholic and outspoken, money-hungry divorce and widow who lives from her many (former) marriages in a Scottish Craigievar Castle and lives on wealth; Gwen, (real American star jazz singer, Clio Laine), with the lead voice; Annie (June Whitfield) as a trombonist of the Salvation Army; Betty (the late piano player Joan Sims), who trains the ivory keys in a Hastings pub. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna scour the members of the band in the 1940s and tries to convince them to come back together, Elizabeth is often upset when she wants to learn more about her life as an adult - including her own - while playing great music with the last living "Blonde Bombshells". <br /> <br /> Amusing, nostalgic, historic, sentimental, intergenerational entertainment that is really fun. The actors deliver wonderful performances. Regardless of their age, they are still bombshell entertainers who show quite a show. (The DVD can now be seen and is worth it due to the bonus features and the Dolby Digital sound). As a fan of one of these great actors, the VHS is certainly a collector's item.
