Obsession comes in many flavors and exists for a variety of reasons. For some it may not be more than a compulsive disorder, for others it can be a survival option. The lack of care, combined with the inability to negotiate even the simplest necessities of daily life or the basic social requirements, can even force a genius to enthusiastically embrace what a personal wellness zone offers. And in extreme cases, the goal of this gratification can become an obvious obsession that drives the individual to the point where what has begun as a means of survival becomes the actual impetus for its perdition, and as we saw in The Luzhin Defense "Marleen says Gorris, a high level of intelligence will not guarantee a satisfactory solution to the problem and can actually aggravate the situation. Obsession apparently has no prejudices or preferences; Besides, there is no quarter. <br /> <br /> In an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of many who have gathered there for a chess tournament whose winner will be the world champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable because chess is no longer a game for him. Rather, it is his obsession, that one thing discovered in childhood that made him completely incapable of doing anything in all walks of life, allowing him to cope with the subtle disenfranchisements of his immediate family. Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles' heel, a mistake that maybe only another person knows and understands and also realizes that he can be used for his personal gain at this tournament. This man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), the former mentor of Luzhin, who after a few years' absence suddenly reappeared and introduced Luzhin. Valentinov is an unwanted, disturbing present for Luzhin and once again life threatens to overwhelm him. Not only is he facing a formidable opponent of the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom he has played a draw in a previous game after fourteen hours, he also tries to solve a new element in his life. his feelings for a young woman he has just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And however awesome it may be, dark clouds above him, perhaps pushing Lhinhin deeper into obsession, which was the saving grace and curse of his whole life. <br /> <br /> Tell Lushin's story. Gorris effectively uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that quickly led to his obsession with chess. And when his background is established, he offers insights that allow the audience to better understand who Luzhin is and how he came to this point in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris textures it with an appropriately dark atmosphere and a subtle sense of foreboding that extends into and underlies the current pastoral environment of the place. The transitions that connect the past with the present are handled in a pleasing manner, and with the speed Gorris puts in, this is an exciting, yet unrestricted, presentation that works extremely well. It also underpins the threat posed by the presence of Valentinov, focusing more on the drama than on the suspense, which ultimately adds to the overall impact of the film, making Linshin's tragedy all the more credible and disturbing. > The only element that makes this film so memorable is the influencing performance of John Turturro. For this film to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible. A wrong or fake moment would be devastating, as the viewer would immediately be taken out of history. However, it does not happen and the film works because the Luzhin Turturro is perfectly honest and lifelike. He captures Linshin's genius as well as his inadequacies and presents his character in exceptionally meaningful and very real expressions. It is a performance that is in no way inferior to, if not surpassed, the portrayal of David Helfgott in "Shine" by Geoffrey Rush. And if you compare his work here with other characters he created, from Sid Lidz in Unstrung Heroes to Pete in O Brother Where Art Thou? Al Fountain in 'Box of Moonlight' is clear about the incredible breadth of Turturro as an actor and what a remarkable artist he really is. As Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent. A rather restrained performance, through which she develops and presents her character. Although she needs to be open-minded to connect with Luzhin, Watson succeeds in an introspective manner that is totally effective. Mostly because of the details she brings to her performance, her relationship with Luzhin becomes more believable and she makes the story absolutely believable. You just have to look in Watson's eyes to know that the feelings she conveys are real. It's a great work by a talented and gifted actor. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna) and Mark Tandy (Luzhins father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhins mother), Alexander Hunting (young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). "The Luzhin Defense" is a film of emotional conflict presented with a reserved compassion that evokes a sense of grief and perhaps a reflection on man's inhumanity. Of course, we do not need a movie to tell us that cruelty exists in the world. However, the medium of cinema serves us well when it reminds us of something we should never forget, since we all have the ability to bring about positive change and to change the lives of our fellow human beings. I rate this with 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
