One of America's most brilliant film directors was without question Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suited to tight thrillers, as Kazan needed more breathing room and should be slower and more subtle. However, "Panic in the Streets" is a first-rate social thriller more relevant today than it was before the 1950 release. The issues include illegal immigration, people smuggling, plague threats, rapid disease spread worldwide (a worried Richard Widmark says, "I could be in an American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow. ") Ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today's worries more than ever. In this film, there is a spectacular movie debut by Jack Palance and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two casting geniuses. Richard Widmark may not be a psychopath for once and is a deeply caring, heart-loving, intense hero of the people. He is basically leading a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of lung plague in New Orleans trying to convince sluggish politicians and complacent police officers of a problem. There is a race against time to find the little crooks who contracted a dead illegal immigrant from the plague within 48 hours of the whole city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is the worst endangered since the flu of 1919. An amazing scene in which Jack Palance, who is infected, can not board a ship through a rat barrier on a rope, is extremely ironic and reminds us in the most cruel terms that humans are the worst carriers and Pests of all can be. The extremely dramatic scenes of persecution in the so-called "coffee factory" at the shipyards are rivaling Hitchcock's most imaginative climactic scenes and an equally spectacular backdrop. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the bitter realism of what is called reality. Kazan really brings the cameras to places where even humans were rare and where even rats would have thought twice. This movie was a great achievement of social realism. If the electricity of the most charged thrillers is lacking, it's because Kazan took it so seriously that it did not stoke it, because after all, the plague threat is serious enough to scare anyone without needing extra guns and minors. The only misfortune of the film is the title, which gives a false impression of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly regarded this project as a public task to alert us to real possibilities. If today only those options had fallen, they are getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, this film can be used as an example to show some survivors how an outbreak was included in the film, but their lessons have been forgotten.
