The plague replaces the Femme Fatale in this extremely exciting Noir filmed by director Elia Kazan in New Orleans. Kazan, as always, gets good performances from his actors, but also shows a visual sense of claustrophobic tension with a combination of compact compositions and stunning single-shot chase scenes. <br /> <br /> A man illegally entering the country is killed after a card game. It turns out that he has a form of bubonic plague. Therefore, it is still important not only to arrest the killers, but also to find a vaccine for all those who had contact. City officials and health officials are implementing a secrecy plan instead of alerting the community for fear that the perpetrators will flee the city and spread the disease. A detective and an anti-epidemiologist form an uncomfortable alliance as they comb the Waterfront with their contrasting styles of investigation. <br /> <br /> Streets raises a big ethical question about the public's right to knowledge, as the medical officer argues for a media outage, potentially creating a greater risk to the community. Regardless of the outcome, it may happen that you guess the actions of the protagonist of the film in pairs. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr.Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show short spirits and reluctant respect in their search for the killers. Barbera Bel Geddis as Reed's wife has some good moments with Widmark in some domestic scenes that bring the (more restful) relief of the tensions of desperate search amidst the bleak surroundings of the New Orleans waterfront, which is impressed by filmmaker Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel is a small time criminal slimy and reprehensible, but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance as Skeleton Blackie (Black Death?) Is just outstanding. With a fascinating intensity, Palance dominates every scene he finds himself, not only with plenty of menace, but also with disturbing charm. In addition, it shows an impressive sportiness that allows a more exciting continuity, especially in the powerful final allegorical moments of the film. <br /> <br /> Panic in the streets is probably the best non-brando movie by Kazan. It is tense, exciting, well edited and edited. The local environment conveys a sense of heightened reality that gives Kazan the flexibility to visualize his visual style beyond the stage of the film, and he succeeds with panic with flying colors.
