"Panic in the Streets (1950)" owes more to British Noir than to its American counterparts. Like Reed's "The Third Man" (1949) and Dassin's "Night and the City" (1950), director Elia Kazan decided to film primarily on location and capture the fresh and vibrant decadence of the New Orleans slums. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he hired many non-professional actors for minor roles, giving the cityscape authenticity. However, a further comparison with neo-realism would be misguided, as "panic in the streets" is pure melodrama of the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant who was fished out of the bay is infected with a lung plague, a deadly, airborne mutation the bubonic plague, which is transmitted from person to person and reaches an untreated mortality rate of 100%. US Department of Health official Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) convinces the dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to carry out a city-wide search for the men responsible for the murder so they do not become infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> In my younger years, I found Wolfgang Petersen's 'Outbreak (1995)' to be one of the most terrible films I have ever seen. This thriller, which owes plentifully to "Panic in the Streets" (working title: "Outbreak"), scared me so much because it portrayed the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer. How can you resist such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (I know) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty attributing visual recognition to an enemy that is fundamentally undetectable to the human eye. Instead, he uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the plague. Even though he ventured under the filthy debris of human society, you never feel that Clinton Reed puts his own life at risk. Some viewers have noticed that Reed has never vaccinated against the plague, although I believe that he assumes at the same time as the morgue employees. Still, there is still a strong sense of urgency hunting the infected man's killers, underground street rats polluting the sewers with their misdeeds. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, when the Black Death (now widespread) is believed The bubonic plague had flooded the entire civilized world and killed a third of the European population. Many identified the destruction as work of the devil. Jack Palance's character Blackie effectively serves as Satan in human form: the clawed-chin attacker can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but can always explode into violence. His two rascals (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel) are always at his feet due to terror. When a footman suffers from a fever, Blackie concludes that the man's cousin must have "brought something" (the irony of his conclusion that does not go unnoticed) and tries to determine what this presumably valuable item must be. He weighs the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque display of fake affection that is both miserable and disturbing. Blackie / Satan is finally stopped ?? not by the authorities, but by the burden of his own infection / evil? as he tries to board a cargo ship, the main ship that spreads the plague across Europe.
