When the movie starts, two thugs kill another thug. When the body is discovered and about to be autopsied, the doctor realizes that although the man was shot, he was also suffering from the lung plague - a very vile and more virulent version of the plague! So it's a race against time to find those who came in contact with the dead, and to treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could break out. <br /> <br /> Strangely, I know a lot about the pneumonic plague. I have given a number of lectures on my history lessons. The film really did not do a good job of fixing the facts about the disease, because it did not look much like what people in the movie had. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that you should not have actually shown it in 1950. Sure, there's a high fever and a cough (they did it right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting of blackened blood - along with the hugely swollen lymph nodes that you get in the bubonic plague - all deliberate and disgusting! I can certainly understand why they did not go that far. I'm also sure that the federal government had a much greater stake in combating and treating the disease - here in the film, this was handled locally, and all seemed unprepared and a bit stupid. Nobody seemed to believe the doctors !! As far as acting is concerned, the film had outstanding actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are health doctor and police chief. Good actors, but also well-known actors from the year 1950. In his first film, however, are the very menacing Jack Palance (which is still led by his original artist "Walter Jack Palance") and the (then still) relatively unknown Zero Mostel , Palance was great - very scary and very physical in his own stunts. Mostel played a heavy, typical of his early work - a greasy and cowardly kind of evil. <br /> <br /> Overall, though the film did not really get the details right and packs everything a bit too neatly, it's very tense and has an excellent acting - and is well worth seeing.
