I wonder what the audience of the day thought when Walter Jack Palance (Blackie) first appeared. Certainly he looks like no other of the time, that skull-like face, the flattened nose and the elongated body - even now he remains a disturbing presence. And what could be more fitting than his emergence from those grubby New Orleans slums, which seem to be vanishing like Blackie's plagued plague, is losing the city. I'm just sorry he did not have any more scenes. <br /> <br /> The film itself is very cleverly composed. The black humor of the morgue, the Widmark-Douglas interaction, the unattractive places, the fighting among the officials - all to a realistic exciting thriller with a threat, which in contrast to other of the time represents a threat. Even Widmark's domestic scenes in which a woman (Bel Geddes) stands on the marquee are not too disturbing. Director Kazan undoubtedly demonstrates his ability to direct a studio (Fox) product, no matter how he may have felt in terms of the commercial aspect. Widmark does a solid, unobtrusive job as a health officer. But my money is on the only Zero Mostel. Was there ever a sweaty performer who could squeak louder or push around more than the bulky fall guy (eg, The Enforcer, 1950). The scene with Mostel, in which Palance argues with Mostel's sharp-edged wife (Liswood), is a jewel of hectic subservience, while Mostel tries to calm her like a crazy pinball machine. Too bad he has been blacklisted for so many years. (I wonder if it was the fickle Kazan who named him. <br/> <br /> But it's not just the pros that add color, the locals add both character and authenticity, especially the two Asian men, This whole scene seems improvised, as if Kazan recognized their potential and created a nice little scene on the ground.The colorful rental hall with all deckhands is also inspiration.And what about these flea pubs in which I go to the next Denny's has to run. <br /> <br /> Still, the movie is still a well-staged, captivating thriller with an apocalyptic flair that dwarfs many of today's mega-scene oddly
