"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan, through filming in New Orleans, through the use of a number of natives to cast various roles and through the intelligent use of improvisation, has a great sense of realism. Therefore, both the characters and the dialogue are very natural and credible. An important deadline to be met in order to avoid a catastrophe gives history a high degree of urgency and speed and the problems that delay the necessary measures, and raises the tension to a high level. <Br /> <br /> After a dispute between the players in a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is dumped in the dock area. After the corpse has been found and the coroner determines the presence of a virus, the representative of the US Department of Health, dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), and his investigation confirms the presence of a lung plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the dead must be vaccinated immediately, as the infectiousness of the disease means that without such action, any infected could die within days. <br /> <br /> As Identity The dead man is unknown, the search for his contacts is expected to be difficult, and this situation will not be helped if city officials and the police commissioner of Reed's briefing are not fully convinced. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as he claims, and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent urgent action. The following investigation is hampered by a lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of seafarers, the owner of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants, before the identity of the man and his contacts are ultimately found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, had been in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and as gang leader Blackie from ongoing police investigations When Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi needs to know something about it and wants to know more about it, but Poldi is very ill and can not provide any information, Blackie is catching up with his own doctor, and together with Fitch, he starts to drive Poldi out of his room and down some stairs, and then they meet with Reed and an exciting chase follows, Richard Widmark making a strong impression as an underpaid civil servant who efficiently manages the difficult tasks of his job while at the same time addressing his family concerns as a father of a family, in one for him unusual role he portrays the determination and seriousness of Dr. Reed very convincing. Jack Palance's film debut is an impressive performance as a ruthless thug who misjudges Kochak's reason for leaving the card game and the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive appearance also helps to make its presence on the screen even more attractive. <br /> <br /> In the typical Doku Noir style, expressionist cinematography and neorealist influences are used in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the places where the action takes place. Elia Kazan controls consistently precise, but is also characterized by the catchy chase in the warehouse and on the quay.
