A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans only have 48 hours to find a killer infected with pneumonic plague. <br /> <br /> An effective and stylish little thriller staged by Elia Kazan that combines documentary realism with a race against time, pulpy heartbeat. Shot and filmed in and around New Orleans, Panic In The Streets takes Quarantine's story, Some Like 'em Cold, from Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won an Oscar for the original story. It also has a good cast that brings top performance to its director. Richard Widmark brought the method a year before Marlon for Kazan in a tram called Desire, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel. All become moody and sweaty as the pursuers hunt to stop the start of a potential Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where the film reaches its main tensions lies Kazan's clever ability to switch between the protagonists without changing the flow and mood of the play. From Widmark's Public Health doctor, he ran around with a hypodermic needle in his hand, trying to find the bad guys so he could do good. to the bad guys themselves, who enjoy themselves, why there is such a big hunt for them; The tension is stacked up to the fracture site. Thankfully, the last thirty minutes are becoming a smashing piece of cinema. With Palance as the evil villain who ironically remembers Widhem's own Tommy Udo from Kiss Of Death three years ago. <br /> <br /> It's an imaginative and intelligently written story that cleverly connects rats and criminals with each other. A mistake in society. These are noiric elements, such as paranoia, that blend well with the basic procedural thriller. Some memorable scenes are adequately enveloped by the suffocating atmosphere Kazan has created. Although some of the early psychologist characters threaten to drive the movie down the alleyways of the talkie, this is definitely a movie worth living until the very end. Not necessarily a film noir and maybe not even a must-have Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that has been rediscovered by a new generation of movie lovers and re-evaluated by the old guard they may have missed back then. 7.5 / 10
