Panic In The Streets opens in High Noir style. A view along a dark street, followed by a camera tending upward to a window behind which a gloomy card game unfolds - an opening anticipating, along with some filming locations. Part of the atmosphere, the Welles a decade later Touch Of Evil brought. One of the players throws open the window; It is a suitable action that serves as an introduction to the events inside and literally opens our first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Panic In The Streets is held in high-contrast black and white and benefits from an incredible impact strong cast as well as some good shooting in New Orleans. Scenes set in places like the Mortuary, the Overcrowded Naval Office, or amidst the peeling paint of "Frank's Place" provide a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that can not be recreated in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the impact of Dassins pioneering Naked City two years ago, which established the robust, almost documentary style within the Noir cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous role in Dassin's even more sophisticated film was "Night And The City," a film in which a sense of rising panic was even more pronounced. Joe MacDonald, a favorite of the director, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! And three years later, Widmark resumed Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up On South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have noted in a Noir-typical way In films, Kazan's work contrasts confusion, illness and immorality on the streets with the modest, quiet life of the Reeds. However, while (for example) Lang's The Big Heat (1953) destroys the hero's domestic life through elements of vices around the embattled central character, he is eventually sent back to work with increased alertness and a sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets puts Reed's growing concern within the bounds of what's just another day of work. Despite all the dangers, he finally returns justified and satisfied in the womb of his family. The implication is that social balance has been restored, at least for the moment, through his professionalism and healing abilities. <br /> <br /> Of course, this imbalance was created by crime and illness. The two are closely related in this film. It recalls the slogan of the much scary Cobra (1986) - "Crime is the Disease - Meet the Cure," a neat analogy in context, if one sounds too uncomfortable with social reductionism. At the peak of Blackie's attempt to escape aboard, the visuals specifically point out to rats that they are similar to criminals, both of which pose a threat to the health of society. As (presumably infected) Blackie roams the cheap rooms and docks with his buddies, he suspects he is looking for something that everyone is looking for, and if he does not know exactly what it is, "plague" and "swing" Blackie "together in the audience and added to add affiliated associations. Ironically, Blackie's idea of ​​Poldy's unfortunate cousin that he "brought something" is correct - even though it's not something he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally deal with the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant has a certain ring of truth, and his confusion is understandable. Dr. Reed, though lovingly domestic and on the side of society, is a true noir hero. The genre knows the main protagonist as a man who walks alone and is forced to go beyond the legal limits. In his own way, Reed is forced to take the moral in his own hands - a dimension of the film that is particularly appropriate given the controversial personal story of director Kazan. The director testified before the notorious HUAC and named suspected communists and fellow travelers. His film shows suspects, who were taken to interviews and dealing with the press, on the grounds that the higher public good justifies the means. These actions may reflect the Director's feelings at the time, and presumably assume the McCarthyite witch-hunt and suppression of civil rights that she faced in the face of the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In times of terrorist threats and government reaction, the issues that appear in the film are strikingly modern. <br /> <br /> Outstanding scenes in the film include a notable scene in which Blackie questions the dying Poldi about the exact nature of his cousin's alleged contraband. Catie likes Blackie to track his victim through the room, eventually chasing the convict's sick bed and holding Poldy's feverish head in his hands - a flashy, evil cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, be it moral or physical. Apparently, the actors have done many or all of their own stunts, which in the end leads to other, very dramatic scenes as police and health officials approach the villains around the shipyards. Half crawling, half crawling over the smooth bars at the edge of the dock pool, Palance must have been very uncomfortable, but it's a sequence that greatly enhances the immediacy of the whole thing. <br /> <br /> Occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer. Obviously, Dr. Reed enforce a possible state emergency aid. Perhaps he is just as amazing that he never inoculates himself and invites a dramatic twist that never manifests. Also at the end of the film, the potential epidemic was stopped, all contacts were located a bit too neat. However, these weaknesses are more than offset by the other satisfactions of a film that still causes compulsive and relevant vision.
