Bravo! Morgan Freeman is an actor who researches a character he has been selected for before signing up. Freeman fits in well with this movie (as with "Driving Miss Daisy"), and not only is he credible, but he also gets the chance to change his image of a character with restrained dignity and decency. Although there are no guarantees in life, it offers everyone a great opportunity to play different or unique characters that stand out to avoid stereotyping. And it must be said that stereotyping has hindered or completely ruined a considerable number of acting careers. This is a low-budget movie that was amazingly filmed in a span of just two weeks. It's a film well staged and written by Brad Silberling. The location manager chose Carson, CA as the setting for the movie, and the location helps set the tone and timing for the movie. The cut is fair to good, but a bit rough. Silberling was the "subcontractor" when he got Freeman to make this film while the actor was in between film projects. <br /> <There is good chemistry between Freeman and Paz Vega, a Spanish actress, and this opens up an effective dialogue between each of the different members of the cast who come from different cultures. The film also promotes understanding between people who do not speak only two languages ​​(English and Spanish) but come from two different worlds: ethnicity, race, gender, norms, customs, beliefs, folkways, principles and values. The film strives for some honesty and comes to some truth to uphold the integrity of the film. Part of the comedy is that Freeman plays an unemployed actor who has been out of work for four years. In fact, Freeman is so in demand as an actor that he works all the time. <br /> <br /> The film offers an adventure of bonding, care, exchange, change and exchange. And the outtakes of the film give the viewer a preview of some things an actor has to go through to prepare for a role. and see this movie. If you can, take your partner or family with you. I rate the movie with 10 out of 10 points. He is enjoyable, interesting, informative, poignant and rewarding.
