Knowing when to finish a movie is just as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's nice to see a director / writer doing it right. At just 82 minutes, 10 ITEMS OR LESS do not attract history and try to capture inhumane topics. It stays focused, funny, sad and thoughtful. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays "Him," an aging actor who captures all the roles he has been introduced to. We are introduced to "Him" as he travels from The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK) to a supermarket in a remote neighborhood. When he realizes that he has a star in his car, The Kid urges him to talk about his absence in the cinema in recent years. He is not very exciting because not only has he been incapacitated for a while, but he 's also on his way to a location of an indie movie where he could play ("I have not decided if I' ll accept the movie part . "). The Kid is a relative of the director involved in this indie project and soon leaves him in Nowheresville. He decided to check the local market. He immediately encounters the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega), who has 10 or fewer stops. He is not only strikingly pretty, but also intelligent. He begins to use her as his research subject for his upcoming independent film role. He learns how to find numbers so fast and why she knows the idiosyncrasies of all the members of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he not only uses Scarlet, but he helps her to look deeper into her life. They travel together to get their car back from a cheating husband, and he teaches her how to behave in order to get a new job she longs for and how to dress for success, even if she does to be confronted with Target as the epitome of local clothing. This is probably one of the funniest moments as we also get a glimpse of him and show that he has no understanding of the retail chain business world ("These shirts cost only $ 12, how is that possible ?!") The end is, As noted at the beginning of this review, abruptly, but apropos. In no case could these two friends stay, even if they make a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what they have each received from each other. It's a quiet, but captivating moment when Scarlet's clunker car sits outside of Hime's mansion. <br /> <br /> This is a great, independent production that takes little time. And it will not waste time either.
