This 2006 little-known 2006 drama is just a two-character sketch that works well within its boundaries. The story itself takes place almost exclusively at various locations not described in the south of Los Angeles. The story itself is not meaningful, but like Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation," the film is much more about two strangers meeting unexpectedly, making a common connection, and returning to their enlightened lives for the momentous encounter. It also helps significantly that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the characters. Finally freed from the wise men and authority figures who have become the accusations of his big screen, Freeman seems to be comparatively freed as a somewhat selfish movie star. His character is driven into a budget grocery store in Carson, where he can explore a role he contemplates in an indie movie. <br /> <br /> A few years without work, he is embarrassed when he sees DVDs of his films in a bargain basket, but his ego is such that he does not lack the audacity to look at and even imitate the enthusiastic store staff. Particularly intriguing to him is Scarlet, a bitter worker from Spain, who has been banished to the express line, where she is the unused model of efficiency. She has a job interview for a secretary at a construction company, but her profound insecurity seems to be already overcoming her chances. The beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable aspects of James L. Brooks' "Spanglish"), which still looks like Amazon's sister to Penelope Cruz, gives Scarlet a stinging edge and a realistic vulnerability. She and Freeman play very well together throughout the story, which includes not only stops at the grocery store, but also at Target, Arby's and a full-service car wash. There is nothing extraterrestrial except to show how two people recognize the resonating transience of chance encounters. Silberling keeps the process simple, but the production also reflects the expert work in Phedon Papamichaels animated camera (he points to Alexander Payne's film) "Sideways") and the infectious score of the Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are quick cameos of Bobby Cannavale (as soon as his ex-husband of Scarlet) and like herself, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as fun stuff with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as unsuspecting driver and Jim Parsons (the "Knight "in" Garden State ") as an adorable receptionist. The DVD from 2007 is packed with extras, including a documentary "Making Days" (15 days or less), which is aimed at film students and takes a marathon. 103 minutes; six extended scenes; a light-hearted but insightful conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and some snippets that specifically promote the DVD.
