I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "The Shawshank Redemption" is at the top of my previous favorite films. But I have to admit that I was often wondering about his role choice. So many of his titles were big budget clichés without hearts. For me, "10 Items or Less" is the return of Freeman to a role that truly flaunts his considerable acting talents. Freeman plays a nameless, once-great Hollywood actor who has not worked for several years. He was offered a part in an unspecified Indi image, for which he investigates in a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in LA. After Freeman gets stranded there by his scaly rider, he is driven home by the cashier Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he is friends. However, before she can bring him home, Scarlet has a big job interview to go to and Freeman agrees to go in return for the ride. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in different locations, but the movie is really just a character piece about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the epitome of the disjointed Hollywood guy who has not heard of Target and does not know his own phone number or does not even know the day of the week. He spits wisdom from the Dalai Lama, filtered through his "The World is Just a Stage" mentality, and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview "auditioning." And yet he has a way with men, a way to influence him beyond his glory. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, keeps asking questions about them and enjoys their quirks, where others would simply be annoyed. In Scarlet he sees the stubborn, proud loner he was; He sees the man he once was. <br /> <br /> Scarlet shows a wild pride and a sharp tongue that serve to hide her own insecurity about herself. Vega plays the role with a connection to Freeman that skips the line between an almost dreadful love and a physical attraction, though she plays it wonderfully and it's not as scary as it sounds. But even as she senses her connection to Freeman grows, Scarlet has a keen eye for the reality of her various worlds and breaks the Hollywood bull of Freeman with a sharp pragmatism that wants to accept nothing but the truth. The film is intelligent, funny and well written, with a dialogue that is simple but effective. I read an IMDb review that said the lines were "stilted", which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human language. There are no great self-talk, no deep emotional moments. So I think it's a trick to show how people can make connections in everyday life. And I think Freeman and Vega make it wonderful and draw a picture of a connection between two people who glisten like sun on the ocean, ethereal and elusive. Long after it's gone, it lives on in your memories and challenges you to what might have been. OK, that was a bit floral, but I really liked the performances and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
