Diego Armando Maradona was sixteen in 1978 when Argentina won the World Cup at home. He was already the biggest star and biggest player in a football-obsessed country. Everyone had asked Cesar Luis Menotti to play the young genius, but the manager said he was not done yet. <br /> <br /> The story proves that Argentina won the World Cup pretty convincingly in 1978 - they did not really need Maradona. The same thing did not apply in 1982. Spain was a disaster catalog for Argentina. Menotti - still smoking - played Diego this time, but the occasion was too much for a spirited boy. Maradona had signed on June 4, 1982 for about seven million dollars for Barcelona. Nine days later, he played his first game at Camp Nou, and Belgium beat Argentina one-to-one. It was not a promising debut, and although he has scored twice in the next game against Hungary, Maradona will remember the Mundial as the site of his Nadir Argentina's government as world champion. <br /> <br /> But now everything was behind him. Maradona had been confused by some crazy times in Barca and went to Napoli in 1984. It was like he was finally home. The Neapolitan Tifosi had done everything they could to lure Maradona to the poor who had defeated Napoli. Gifts from old women and pocket money from little boys were unpleasantly linked to the millions of Camorra as part of the transfer fee, and the city was determined to feel at home. So Maradona was El El Rey for the time being - he brought his Argentine side to Mexico as one of the favorites, and with a new manager - Carlos Bilardo, who replaced Menotti. Maradona is the hero of this story a one-man world champion machine. By 1982, hundreds of young men had died in a futile battle over the Falkland Islands; Now the British press in Mexico City longed for a rematch (with the same result). Maradona was still regarded with honors in England and was more reminiscent of a great performance in the UK during a tour of 1980 than in Spain. But he was still an Argie: the enemy. <br /> England started really well and Lineker could have scored after just 12 minutes. A key event occurred after 8 minutes. Fenwick, the large and limited English defender, was booked. Now he was afraid of challenges around the box. After a tense first 45 minutes, the second half began with a bang. Maradona danced forward after 50 minutes, but could not find a pass. Similarly, Valdanos attempt only met white shirts. Then the moment of shame that serves as a Diego epitaph. Hodge bit the ball back into his own penalty area. Shilton jumped fast and claimed - but there was Maradona, who somehow rose above the English goalkeeper to throw the ball into the net. How had he done it? Simple: Handball. <br /> <br /> The most famous foul in football history came almost in slow motion. Every spectator was waiting for Mr. Al-Sharif from Syria to blow the foul (he did not). Shilton looked at the linesman and appealed to him - he ran back to the center circle. If he does not murder the Pope or become the first human to enter Mars, that moment when the great man dies will be shown first - in a long, long-lasting slow motion, followed by a joyful look. The next picture will be his next gift to the world - the most beautiful goal of the World Cup. <br /> <br /> Burruchaga stroked Maradona, who was strolling around on the right side of his own half. He spanned and accelerated from Beardsley and Reid. This was the real Diego - he broke through Butcher and attacked Fenwick. Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack. Normally he would have put his boot close to Maradona's thigh - sure, he would have gotten a red card, but who cares? Then Fenwick had a brainwave - he hesitated and decided to move his arms around Maradona - maybe he was trying to scare him off? Diego shot into the pits when Fenwick toppled over. Butcher had run beside the genius, as if he was encouraging. Shilton panicked and Maradona spun around him, preparing to score. Now Butcher remembered his role and tried to cripple the Argentine - instead, he gave the shot extra impetus that shot into the goal. England came home. <br /> <br /> In this magical Mexican summer, the world had found a successor to Pele. In fact, the greatest footballer of all time had been surpassed - Pele had been great in 1958 and 1970, but had great players around. Maradona not. 1986 was his world championship.
