The Debut TV Special by Barbra Streisand is still a highlight in the history of entertainment - in all media. Cleverly subdivided into three separate acts (to minimize the disruption of commercial breaks), Streisand decided to abandon the show's bold yet masterful decision to drop the typical variety show format of the time (which is why there are no guest stars or forced jokes) on her shoulders. The risky move has paid off as MY NAME IS BARBRA has set a new standard for the music program on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in magnificent black and white (which actually increases the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA is flawlessly designed and impressively shot. However, what makes the show truly transcendent is Streisand himself. It is nothing short of exciting when the then 23-year-old performer navigates the 55-minute run of the show. She has a fantastic voice (and even performs the entire first and third act live) and provides first evidence of the immense star power that would soon follow her on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The biggest advantage of the special is It's Courage to just leave Streisand on stage and sing some great songs. After the powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a short opening excerpt from Leonard Bernstein's "My Name Is Barbara") Barbra wanders through a multi-tiered studio set featuring a wild version of the Disney classic "I'm Late." Between the verses of "I'm Late", Streisand stops at different levels of the set to sing some great songs, like the haunting "Make Believe" and the thundering "How does the wine taste?". Halfway through the first act, Barbra returns to her own childhood to play "A Kid Again." Then she performs high-energy performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" as they romp around in an oversized set. The illusion, however, is ultimately destroyed when Streisand returns from fantasy and back to the real world. She then sings about this lost innocence in childhood in "Where is the miracle?" Streisand then plunges onto a platform stage, surrounded by a whole room full of musicians, and performs a rousing interpretation of "People" before the thunderous applause of a live studio audience. Act II of the special begins Streisand pounded it for the studio audience with a camping version of "I'm Got the Blues" before releasing a comedy monologue on "Pearl from Istanbul". Streisand heads to the Bergdorf Goodman department store, where she can sing a medley of poverty songs as she wanders around in some of the store's sleek fashions. This segment is for many fans and critics the brightest highlight of the special. One of the highlights of the Act II medley is that Streisand sings to the audience a reluctant version of "Second Hand Rose", which appears as a Latin American bullfighter to "No Nobody Know You Down" and Paperboy is frustrated in attacking " Brother, you can save a penny ". The third act of the special is a straight concert, without standards or concepts. Streisand is a performer who is developing very well on the concert stage and this segment is the most exciting moment of the special. Streisand performs an almost gravity-defying interpretation of "When the Sun Coming Out" and confuses the viewer with a beautiful version of the THE YEARLING ballad "Why Did I Choose You," a searing performance of "Lover Come Back to Me" and a passionate medley of three songs form FUNNY GIRL, but Streisand trumps her with a phenomenal interpretation of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man," which became one of the singer's most popular vocalists "Happy Days Are Here Again" when the credits are displayed on the left side of the screen The iconic end of the number confirms to the viewer that he actually saw something really special MY NAME IS BARBRA was a major rating Triumph and finally received five Emmy awards and two top five gold sold soundtrack albums Well, it is no surprise.
