Streisand fans, familiar only with their work from the FUNNY GIRL movie, must see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand was - BEFORE she has achieved her goal of becoming a movie star. There has never been a singer like her, and it would never come back (Sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!), But never again would Streisand sing with the aliveness, energy and above all the ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which she is here When she came to this concert in Central Park just two or three years later, she turned FUNNY GIRL into Hollywood and her playing style became less spontaneous and restrained, she became more rehearsed (and, let's face it, more angry) - between her and the public has a wall. Live performances were never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood, and when she did not have to do it anymore, she did it as little as possible (and oh, that legendary one Stage fright offers so much good.) Sorry!). <br /> <br /> Her vocals here and on her earlier appearance on the Judy Garland show are incredible: Streisand really made an old song sound new, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for it. In the 1970s, however, Streisand tried to be a "rock" singer, and her albums flocked to the younger listeners, the songs being shouted emphatically and unworthy of their effort and voice. <br /> <br /> In the 1980's she returned with this brilliant "Broadway album", but went on and on about what a fight it was to finish it, as "she" told her did not have to do it. etc. Oh please - when did someone tell Streisand what to do? She could have done such good things all this time, taking the audience to a higher level than bowing to what the young audience thought was desirable. (The sequel "Back to Broadway" was not nearly as good as Streisand found it necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he was alive at the time, Richard Rodgers would have even recognized his own "Some Enchanted Evening." "Rodgers, notorious for bringing vocalists to play with his tunes, would no doubt have gone to Streisand to sing what he had written!" She blows Michael Crawford in her "Music of the Night" duet - Apparently, he reminded him of the CD whose CD this is, why does she insist on taking duet songs and sing herself, and songs that are not duets, singing them as duets with someone else she then downsizes? Probably Judy Garland took Streisand aside and advised her, "Do not let her do to you what you did to me," Councilor Streisand wasted no time listening to - despite her claims to the contrary Looks like it was always her way or the highway. Imagine: she told CBS how her first TV special would be made - no guests, only she. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so obvious here. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE it was a legend - you will be absolutely amazed at the difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I looked at it again yesterday (12/01), after not seeing it for many years - it was even BETTER than I remembered! The first act begins with "I'm late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How the wine tastes" and Barbras Homage to Childhood "I'm Five" - ​​it reaches its peak when Streisand appears full (and I mean. ) FULL) Orchestra to sing "People" - she was not bored with the song yet, and although it's a bit shorter, she really does rise - compared to some of her later "autopilot" versions. The second act (after Streisand's "kooky" schtick-patter, which has not changed much over the years) is the famous series of depression songs that plays amidst the extravagance of Bergdorf-Goodman's "The 3rd Act" Stunner - call it "Streisand, the orchestra and the audience" (though we'll never see the audience testifying to this historic event). With her fear of the audience and her dislike of such a performance, this may have been the hardest part for her, but if she does, then she does not think so. She rips through "Lover Come Back To Me" and the burning "When the Sun Coming Out" (though I can not remember in what order!), The poignant "Why did I choose you?" Streisand) and offers a medley of FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "Do not Rain On My Parade" and my favorite song from the score "The music that makes me dance". He explains that "Fanny Brice a So is a 1922 song, and she made it a toast to Broadway," Streisand then sings "My Man," and it's almost a template for her later screen rendition in FUNNY GIRL (The main difference is the black one.) The dress is sleeveless - her movie dress had long sleeves and against the black background (we only saw her hands and her face), but the voice here is more urgent and charged than her later film voice. (Their performance of the song has everything to offer. I have something to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who of course never sings in such an all-out maestro as Streisand here or in the movie - watch THE GREAT GOAT FIELD for a glimpse into Brice's rather modest version.) The show ends with Streisand's "Happy Days Are Here Again" on the credits. <br /> <br /> When it was over, I said to the friend with whom I watched him, "She NEVER did anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was thirty-two years old!
