Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity and probably raised more than a few eyebrows in the industry when CBS signed her with a 10-year television deal for $ 5 million (not much nowadays). More important than that, however, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and got it. She had filmed this special, and for the most part, her vision was alternately smart, smart, and unbelievable. In opening act I with the title song (not written especially for her), Streisand races through a classic cast of songs that are linked to "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"!) - she even stays in line about blurred ears and whiskers and "too much time for shaving"!); This is an extremely charming, if not bizarre, selection - and enjoys it because the TWO soundtrack albums have not been released. It slows down for "Make Believe" (which may get too slow), but the dramatic "How does the wine taste?" It's amazing. "A Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand, who looks tiny on a huge chair - does Lily Tomlin have the idea?), As well as "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm an alligator - crocodile? - no alligator!"). "Where's the miracle" is very cool and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra knocking on her at the end of the song, is breathtaking. Act II plays at Newman City's Bergdof Goodman, with Streisand acting crazy in state-of-the-art get-ups (when she's playfully pounding on the mink and the audience actually gasps the tape). Act III, before a studio audience (consisting of happy fan club supporters), begins with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand actually sees the dramatic conclusion out of breath), followed by "Why Did I Choose" you? "(probably her best early song), too fast a" Lover, Come Back to Me "(where she is eventually drowned out by the orchestra) and a" Funny Girl "- the final" Happy Days are Here Again ", which supposedly 12 takes took place, closing the hour in an amazing way, this black and white gem is sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber manufacturing company!) And moves fast, with jazzy setups, awesome cinematographies, cool sets and costumes - they really do not make it that way anymore - and that refers to the special and to La Streisand.
