I could not help but feel that this could be a bigger movie than it was. The script is highly intelligent and it seemed like it could have opened in a manner reminiscent of Seven. Not by changing the story - I think mainly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I found to hold back the movie. On the other hand, the pace was absolutely right. Anyone who has worked on editing has done a really good job. And I thought that Bill Paxton did a good job. Now off the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me for a loop. SPOILER FORWARD !!!! All the while, I had the feeling that Bill Paxton was crazy. When Adam finally took the FBI agent to the rose garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, I was thrown for a round. I had suspected the first part of the phrase, but that really threw me when he touched the agent and saw how the agent murdered his mother and the fact that even the agent (without spoken words, just by touch) it with Adam and Seeing him again asks him how he knew that. My dilemma was not that it was another twist, but the almost unbelievable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but in fact had chosen "bad guys" who already knew their sins and crimes. I do not advocate an eye for an eye, so I could not leave the movie to believe that they are doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that they were both clairvoyant and that one day the father had gone out of the deep end and had permanently disturbed her through the things he had subjected his sons to. That was my interpretation, but the annoying thing about the movie was like a house of cards and a never-ending circle. And what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you have been through? It's definitely one of those movies where I'd like to meet the writer so I could just ask him what the real meaning is for everything. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and therefore acquired a license? Or did they have a kind of look of God? And if so, God or the devil have disguised themselves as God. My friends and I talked about it all night trying to figure out what that was and what the filmmakers were thinking was the answer when they made that movie. <br /> <br /> A definitely startling and thought provoking film with some very disturbing, but certainly no sensational elements. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely your own thing. Great directorial work and acting by Bill Paxton and the kid who played Fenton were extremely good. I hope he will not be banished to Child-Actor Syndrome because he seems to be promising. I've given this movie a good vote for the majority of the components that make up a movie, but I would have voted higher if it did not feel like something (though I can not pinpoint what's going on) and if not the one Film would have gone to an even higher level. Nevertheless, definitely recommended, especially for the curious.
