Frailty is a non-bloody horror film that reaches its chills by following the logic and effects of a man's deception / obsession directly into depravity. Dad (we never hear his name) is a gentle man and a loving father who raises his sons on his own after Mom dies giving birth to the youngest son Adam. The world of the family turns up late at night when Dad storms into the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what vision? The entire family has the task of destroying demons, which are of course camouflaged in human form. Based on this premise, the film is tireless if it follows. Father abducts humans / demons that God has said to destroy them, binds them, puts their hand on them to see a vision of their evil, and then kills them? while watching his young sons. Fenton, the elder, is horrified when he sees only a father who has turned into a crazy assassin. Adam, the younger one, feels uncomfortable, but trusts that dad will follow God's will. Eventually, Dad takes his sons on a mission to kidnap the "demons" God has put on Dad's list and finally invites them to fully participate in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> This is not you understand an abusive father. He loves his children. He just follows God's instructions: "That's our job now, son. We have to do that." When Fenton, frightened and convinced that his father has gone mad, says he'll report him to the police, his father explains, "If you do that, son, I'll die, the angel knew that." The pressure that the children are exposed to is unbearable and tragic and distorts their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a story in Flashback told to an FBI agent in a police station. The atmospheric lighting, the stormy weather and the uncanny tranquility of the present contribute to the threat of the background story. I wanted to believe that the unfolding horror was just a story, until I remembered the parallel of Andrea Yates, who believed that she was possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning her. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was watching a human tragedy, rather than a history of divine retribution. However, the movie did not comfort me, as it provided strong clues in the end about the truthfulness of Dad's vision. And that, like some holes, was a problem for me. Regardless of the correctness of Dad's visions, where does anyone, regardless of the evil his victims may have, come from, the authority to act as angels of death? (1) Roger Ebert report of 12.4.2002
