A number of Richard Attenborough's films as directors were biographies of important historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case, Attenborough's theme is a much obscure character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who propagated the ideas of environmental awareness and conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than today. It was generally assumed that he was an Indian; The story he told about himself was that he was born in Mexico, the son of a Scottish father and Apache mother, and emigrated to Canada, where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he made his living as a trapper. In 1935 and 1937 he toured Britain twice to promote his books and lecture on nature conservation. He achieved great success and was even introduced to the royal family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater). However, after his death in 1938, it became known that he was not the one he claimed to be; His real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English coastal town of Hastings. The film deviates somewhat from the facts of Gray Owls life. In a scene from 1934, he states that he is 41 years old; In fact, he was born in 1888 and would have turned 46 this year. (46 would have been Pierce Brosnan's age when the movie was shot, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events have been compressed over the last four years by Gray Owl (1934-1938). In this film he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact, he met Gertrude in 1925 and married her. The film also ignores the fact that they divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. The revelation of Gray Owl's true identity affected his posthumous reputation and was dismissed as a "fraud." His alleged fraud was even used to discredit the causes for which he had come. Richard Attenborough, however, sees his achievements more sympathetic. One theme of the film is the question of ethnic identity. Although the former Archibald Belaney was not a native Canadian, he undoubtedly had a deep knowledge of Ojibway's culture and knowledge and fluently spoke her language. He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to call his claim to a North American Native American identity fraudulent simply because that identity was chosen by him and not born into. According to Gray Owl's wife, Gertrude, she was of Indian descent but came from a family that had been accepted into the white Canadian culture. Her marriage can therefore be considered as a reclamation of the original cultural heritage of her family. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but also had an influence on him and persuaded him to quit his job as a furrier, because she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> A Critique From the film, Pierce Brosnan as a hero is "miscast", a critique that seems rooted in the prejudice that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond mold , However, it seems to me that Brosnan could have purposely taken that role in order not to be typed. Silent Hillbilly Gray Owl is as far away from the polite, sophisticated Agent Bond as you can get. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when performing in such films as The Hill or The Molly Maguires. In fact, Brosnan is very good at this role, though I agree with those who found Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude. Another criticism that I disagree with is that the film is "boring". Surely it's not an action movie like the Bonds, nor is it a great epic biopic like "Gandhi," and it may seem boring to those who expected it to be either one way or the other. However, anyone who is interested in the beginnings of the conservation movement or in the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity is welcome. The scenes of the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough helped us revive interest in this half-forgotten but intriguing character. 10.7
