Originally designed as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, "Not only ... but also" saw his ex-colleague "Peter The Fringe" Peter Cook on the first show, and BBC-2's controller was so well received that he was from then on will be there every week. They were a classic comedy team - Cook was tall, pretty and witty, while Dudley was small, charismatic and musically gifted. The sketch that collapsed the house was in a pub wearing flat hats and mufflers that fantasized about movie stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It's still one of the funniest skits ever, and even if Cook is home to corpses, it still sticks well. <br /> <br /> These characters - the idiot Pete and the even bigger idiot Dud - found their way into every episode of the actual show, seen in a different environment, like a zoo or art gallery. In the latter they munched sandwiches and discussed works of art. "This Leonardo DaVinci cartoon ... I do not see the joke!" Says Dud. Pete points out that it probably had people in disputes at its first discovery. Dud is almost choking on his meal. "They really enjoy these sandwiches!", Ad libs Cook. The couple bounced off their humor in a way that was pleasing to look at. The sketches themselves set new standards for the comedy, standards that would not be achieved until the arrival of 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> With the popularity of the show, the quality of the guest stars also increased. For example, Peter Sellers and John Lennon, the latter presents a filmed article based on his poem 'Deaf Ted, Danoota & Me'. "One Leg Too Few" - Dud had as "George Spigott" (a name that was later reused in the film "Bedazzled"), a one-legged man who hops into the office of the film producer Cook to imagine for the role of "Tarzan". Cook tries to let him down as much as possible. "I have nothing against your right leg!" He says. "The problem is - and you are not!". Dud had occasionally interviewed the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook), who, if he did not teach ravens, to fly underwater, the opening planned a restaurant called "The Frog & The Peach." Another classic was "The Leaping Nuns" (also reused in "Bedazzled"). My absolute favorite, however, is "Superthunderstingcar", a nasty funny (and accurate) parody of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson's "Thunderbirds". Pete and Dud played all roles, the latter got a 'Lady Penelope'. "Ludwig" had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of the variety show "This Is Tom Jones". "The Immortal Bargo" was a parody documentary about the life of the retired movie star "Emma Bargo". In an unforgettable moment, she drove through London and roared through a megaphone: "I want to be alone!". <br /> <br /> A Season 3 feature was "Poets Cornered" with Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others hovering over a tank. Each of them had to improvise the line of a poem, and anyone who had failed to break the rhyme ended up with the evil stuff. <br /> <br /> A total of three seasons were produced by Joe McGrath (at different times). Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, very few issues survive. To make matters worse, the scripts were destroyed. One can not believe that this situation was allowed to happen. <br /> <br /> The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway making the infamous "Derek & Clive" bands, but Cook's increasing alcoholism broke them apart. Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was coming, but it turned out to be wishful thinking. His ex-partner made films in America and had no plans to work with Cook again (not anyway at the time). <br /> <br /> For a season of BBC-2 repeats, enough material was scraped together in the early '90s. As expected, some items did not fare as well as others. Cook died in 1995, and in a tribute, the B.B.C put together a program made up of various 'Parkinson' interviews and 'Not Only ... But' Shows. It ended pretty well when Pete and Dud were in heaven. "Damn hell!" Exclaimed the latter. Moore was passed on in 2002.
