Enterprise, the newest high-budget spin-off for the most successful franchise in film and television history, opens for a 90-minute episode called Broken Bow. First, we're torn into a massive action sequence in which a Klingon is chased by some Suliban (who are the main enemy in the show's first season). From there, the TV movie takes us on a journey that rarely gets as good as it is, with some of the best character development, story, and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> The opening credits are a controversial topic among the minority of Enterprise fans, some of whom believe that the song is out of order. What they do not understand is the lyrics themselves. If you listen to the actual song instead of the theme, they start putting together the pieces of the puzzle. And as the series progresses and we learn more about our brave captain and his crew, the song actually becomes meaningful. All in all, the theme of Diane Warrens is beautifully orchestrated and is also sung by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes every television program worth seeing and worth seeing is the characters and the way they are structured layered. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the best cast shows since The Next Generation. The election of Scott Bakula as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Gene himself cast Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. With the captain always directing the show, Bakula adds a subtle touch to his role, bringing a big smile to the faces of anyone with blood in their veins. He is simple (both acting and characterful) an outstanding person, and his charm, wit and compassion are overwhelming. Among the other actors is John Billingsley, the dr. Phlox plays, a favorite of mine. It is also nice to see that a non-human plays a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog named "Porthos" was a popular idea. Throughout the show, character development was brilliant, fast, good in time and almost perfect. I almost say, because Travis Mayweather, played by the British Anthony Montgomery, is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has a lot to say here and there, but remains in the hands of the producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as a sometimes harsh but equally gracious subcommander T'Pol. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and convinces as an arms officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always gives his character charm and comedic style, and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character but, thankfully, quickly becomes interesting. All these characters are Enterprise, and they all have a quality that Star Trek has not seen in a long time. Everyone makes this show worth seeing. Smiles and well-being are guaranteed as soon as we see them all together on the bridge of the spaceship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01, is somewhat questionable in design. The series is set in 150 years and 100 years before Captain Kirk. Why does the ship then seem to be similar to mid-24th century ships, the Akira-class spaceship? Continuity was an issue in Enterprise, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] provide a fitting explanation for everyone. Continuity is only a problem if you examine the shows closely and are obsessed with the smallest details. If you watch the show with and open, you have no problems, but there is a need to constantly know why. So, what did Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan base with the issue of ship-mastership itself? Thus, the NX-01 is so because of the incident in First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and spoke with the visiting team led by Commander Riker, it changed the ideas in his head. That's a good explanation for me. Of course it is not easy for some fans to accept this kind of answer. Some even go so far as not to see the show until they get a reasonable answer. Come on, boys, grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga with the introduction of his new trilogy, the fans could do nothing, they saw and saw everything. And then they learned that maybe it's not that bad after all. If you can not accept a quality broadcast for what it has in your head, then go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer on the show and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The kits on Enterprise remind me a lot of the Deep Space Nine Defiant. They often look cold and seem incredibly modern, and they call that they belong to the military. Maybe the crew of the USS Enterprise (also known as flagship of the American fleet) like it so much. They are striking sets and represent the show perfectly. Rick Berman, "The Overlord of the Empire," as John Logan put it so precisely, and his counterpart Brannon Braga hit exactly where they should be and in all the right places. Be it technical, visual, sound, edit or score. Enterprise is a nice demonstration of how well televised science fiction can be when it's in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan.
