The tourist season has just come to an end on a remote island just off the coast of Scotland, winter is coming and the inhabitants, both humans and sheep, are settling for much quieter times. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick) is a former paratrooper in the British Army. He is a local dentist. He is not an islander and therefore his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always viewed with some suspicion. not malignant, but only from the protective instincts that the close community has for their loved ones. The serenity of the islands is broken as Gaffikin finds the headless remains of a brutally slain woman for a solitary round of golf. He immediately reports his cruel find to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) on the island police station. Inskip arranges the handover of the remains to the local doctor. Goudry for closer examination. A quick search for the killer proves to be fruitless, as well as the search for a missing native woman. At dinner with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona notes that the dead woman may be Sheila Anderson, a mainland woman who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search in her home Dove Cottage reveals the missing remains of her body. Her home was the murder scenario, but why did the killer drag her torso over a mile into the forest? The suspicion immediately stems from the one stranger who stayed on the island, Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth), who was also the last one to see them alive when they met on the last ferry. Goudry asks Gaffikin for some dental expertise about the body of the victim, revealing that she had torn apart my person or something with great force. A tooth mark on the body seems to point to a human killer, another to an unknown animal of some sort. A sheep is mutilated and a Canadian ornithologist killed. With heavy fog, the island rolls off the mainland and any help is possible. The radio does not work, seems to be blocked and the phone lines were interrupted. Reports of UFOs and the sighting of a disguised soldier are compounded by finding a strange-looking ship behind the rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused, refusing to listen to anything but the facts, and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens might be involved, but an increase in radioactivity levels on the island makes him doubt himself. <br /> <br /> The Nightmare Man is Based on the novel Child of the Vodyanoi by David Wiltshire, it was adapted by Dr Who and Blake's 7 writer Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also has directing experience with both Sci / Fi -Classics had benefited as well as the film from such experiences genre experts on board. The Nightmare Man is by and large a more succinctly crafted piece, which builds up its action in addition to a solid character development. Even the secondary characters have time to give them a solid background. The insularity may be a genre cliché that has been used over and over again, but I really enjoy the seclusion, the sense of being under siege, without having a way out that always adds to the atmosphere. You have to have an impenetrable fog that hinders all efforts. With many genre endeavors of this kind, it is very easy for the procedures to become stupid and the plot to fall back on the melodrama. However, based on Camfield, he keeps everything together, with a focus on credibility. There is an authenticity about procedures, the characters sometimes even speak Gaelic to promote this point. If the killer has a negative argument, then we get his / her POV for the killings, an acceptable cliché in itself, but if you see it through a red filter and a fisheye lens, the movie just cries a bit for overdated dates. Although it's hard to guess at the outcome, identity or type of killer given the clues, this is a fun and well-done piece. The local Scottish cast is extraordinary, the local bobbies Roeves and especially Cosmo are well separated and enjoy great popularity. Imrie, whom I have never seen before in other works, is also pretty good and shows a female physique as if she were in a hammer production. The fancy, perhaps even absurd end may annoy some viewers, it disappointed me in some ways, but considering when it was done, it's an understandable and acceptable addendum, if you think about it that's even more frightening.
