There is no greater downside to the story than to misrepresent it. This is the easiest and slimmest route that simply portrays him as a monster. Only his negative sides show and they exaggerate. "Those who do not know the past make us repeat it." He was a human being. This may be difficult for some, but an important part of life is to meet what we do not want. Instead of demonizing the man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing someone similar in the future, or possibly even in the present, from reaching a similarly distant area as far as harm and misery are concerned. Hate him and what he has done, do not make him mythical, intentional or otherwise. Honestly, far too much of this miniseries could play "stupid stupid * duuum *"! after or during the scenes. The whole thing nods, winks and winks at the audience, with the clear message, "Was this guy evil or what," putting together every single bad trait (as well as several that were directly against who and what he was) more or less out of nowhere, and if they remain constant, not something he believed in or claimed. This should never be used for education. Use Downfall, pointing out the few inaccuracies instead. This is disrespectful of the actual events and all the survivors, not to mention the deceased. The cinematic quality? First class, top notch. It is well done, excellent production values, a solid bow for the well-narrated plot, the characterization is strong and believable, the dialogue and the script are great, all the acting is masterful (Carlyle sees and behaves the role .. as it was written ... perfect), the music is well composed, the cinematography and editing are flawless and creative, and this is definitely dramatic, entertaining and intriguing. They get appointments and many incidents and are fair. If I had been offered to work on it, and did not think that I could be objective enough to make Hitler appear as a fully-fledged human being, I would have declined and cited it as a reason. I do not blame anyone who detests him. How can you forgive what he has done and are we sure we should do this? I do not suggest that. Finally, let me point out that, as I write this, we are in a global economic crisis for around two years, not unlike the 1929 stock market crash. The depression of the new millennium happened as follows: Governments give money to banks to keep the market going, and the majority of countries are now friendly. Besides, the lesson had not been learned. Hopefully it has done now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, nonfiction, that deals with the subject. There are many informative, smart ones. The DVD contains a trailer. I only recommend this to those who know better, and urge anyone who has watched it to find out the truth. 8.10
