In Christian Duguay's film Hitler: The Rise of Evil, Hitler's early years of life and politics are successfully portrayed, with some minor historical errors and some exaggeration. It is quite natural that a movie from Hollywood contains such things, since the main purpose of the production is the income they receive from the film. While such mistakes may disappoint some viewers who think everything should be done through the book, I believe that most of them fit well with the rest of the movie and make it more interesting. We should not forget that this film is not documentation. Who cares how his dog died anyway. Throughout the film, Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable character, very easily angry and very passionate about his ideals. But he was not portrayed as a super villain, but rather as an ambitious politician. I believe that this is a nice perspective, as the film is not contaminated by a lot of negative emotions and this makes the film somewhat objective. Yes, he was a bit crazy and his methods were rude, but he was still human, not a totally crazy character, as depicted in "Inglorious Bastards". I think it has made the film more realistic, even with some inaccuracies in the historical facts. <br /> <br /> The flow of history is well reflected by the viewers. Although the focus of the film was on Hitler, we also had an opportunity to see what is happening as a result of these actions in the country through newspapers, people talk, and the songs in a Jewish cabaret. The reaction of society was also reflected in the film, but it was very limited. The fight of the journalist Fritz Gerlich and the ironic plays performed in the cabaret was amusing and interesting, but that was all. Most of the time we just saw his followers raging and cheering on the streets. <br /> <br /> Another thing missing in the film is the information about the origin of its hatred of Jews. At the beginning of the film some ideas are given, but they were very superficial. Suddenly he was a politician who made speeches about the need to destroy Jews. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Hitler: The Rise of Evil can not be considered as an excellent movie everyone will like, but it's not unsatisfactory. If you can represent directors who change history for cash, this is an interesting film that successfully reflects on Hitler's personality.
