"Hitler: The Rise of Evil" was shrouded in controversy before its broadcast, and this controversy might obscure the performance of the film. Those who criticized the film for what they had not seen did so with good intentions, based on the misguided idea that Hitler was overly sympathetic. However, they have misunderstood the point: to humanize the evil, Hitler did not sympathize with him. It is far more disturbing to realize that the unpronounceable deeds of one of the greatest villains in history were committed by one person. Certainly a sick, sick maniac, but still a human. It is necessary to know how Hitler came to power to prevent it from happening again. <br /> <br /> "Rise of Evil" is highlighted by a brilliant, career-high performance by Robert Carlyle, who achieves the best results making Hitler a man without redeeming him in any way. Carlyle immaculately captures the look and mannerism of the Nazi leader, while never making caricatures or distancing the imitations (something that Anthony Hopkins could not quite reach when he played Hitler in "The Bunker," another very good TV show). TV, represented) movie). While repelled by Hitler's corruption and virulent anti-Semitism, Carlyle gives him a certain power of attraction and power that the real Adolf Hitler must possess. While otherwise a nation would have followed him? <br /> <br /> Of the various undergrounds by far the most convincing features of Matthew Modine as a reporter Fritz Gehrlich, who makes his life's work to make attentive to the reality of Hitler and Nazism. While Modine's performance in Part 1 is a bit stilted, he seems to have settled in Part 2. The character gives us a real hero in a movie full of villains. Peter Stormare and Liev Schrieber also give strong support. Part 1 of this two-part miniseries suffered a bit from being too restless, including a glimpse of Hitler's childhood that only lasts the duration of the opening. And in Part 2 are sections that cover the relationship described in detail by Hitler to his niece and his lover Eva Braun, less successful than the central plot, but serve to give us a deeper insight into his mental and emotional state. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, we can not understand a movie about Hitler. Fortunately, the average person is unable to understand a man who would try to eradicate a whole race of people. "Hitler: The Rise of Evil" attempts less to understand Hitler than to understand how he became power. It is an important story to tell, and it is impossible to believe that anyone who has seen the film accuses him of having anything but the best intentions and the ability to do anything but good. > 9 of 10. *** 1/2
