I agree with many negative reviews posted here for reasons that I will discuss later. However, this mini-series is convincing and convincing, because the talented cast really captures the dark truth of Hitler's world. Peter Stormare is perfect as a brutal Brownshirt leader Ernst Rohm. Every scene with Hitler is explosive! Hitler is so evil that he controls everyone except the crude, primitive Rohm - and he digs Rohm for exactly that reason. The interaction between Stormare and Carlisle sheds light on the way Hitler loved Rohm's brutality, but sacrificed him for political reasons. <br /> <br /> Jena Malone presents herself in a heartbreaking performance, as Geli Raubal, Hitler's condemned niece and the victim of his unspeakable perversions. Jena Malone does not directly disclose the sexual muck, but rather exposes the horror of the slow extinction of a young girl. She uses her eyes and voice to suggest all the horror that millions of people will visit in the years to come. And she is brilliant! Zoe Telford almost fits Jena Malone with her portrayal of Eva Braun. Evidently ill, cruel and heartless, Eva is almost miserably dependent on Adolf's twisted tenderness. The broken love scene between them (pointing to the tantalizing truth of Hitler's tremendous self-hatred) is both refreshing and erotic. Liev Schrieber gives a delicious, weasel-like performance as Putzi Hanfstaengel, the invertebrate man -about the city, seduced by Hitler's promise of wealth and power. While a blank like Rohm simply loves the idea of ​​crushing skulls under his boots, Schrieber's character is one of many Germans who abuse the power of the Nazis but can not escape the swift and easy path to money and power. His weakness of will over Hitler soon loses his wife's respect, played with style and sensuality by the stunning and regal Julianna Margulies. They offer a true portrait of marriage and betrayal. <br /> <br /> These performances carry the mini series and easily overcome occasional weaknesses in the script. There is one exception. Unfortunately, Matthew Modine's acting skills are not for snoopers. His noble, ragged journalist ruins every scene he has - the onlooker can not wait for Rohm's brown shirts to stroke that smug, righteous look from his ignorant, punking Hollywood Golden Boy face. But the story still works. <br /> <br /> Well, as far as the actual inaccuracies of the script are concerned, Hitler's perversions and atrocities are portrayed in a vivid, captivating drama. However, the battlefield record of Corporal Hitler is heavily distorted. As if they were afraid that the public could not handle the idea of ​​evil and courage in the same person, the authors make Hitler look like a wailing coward "begging" for an Iron Cross. As if someone in the Imperial Army could get a medal just by moaning about it! The film looks like Hitler was a coward in the trenches when he was a fearless soldier. They also suggest that his comrades despise him when in reality he was admired by officers and men alike. The depressing thing is that the mini-series has done so well portraying Hitler as a monster - but they just could not resist the cheap shot. <br /> <br /> All in all, however, Hitler: RISE OF EVIL is a great success, which is emphasized by powerful achievements.
