The penultimate episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholic episode, proving that even at this third season, the show was still exploring its characters. "All Our Yesterdays" has its moments in spite of its shortcomings and overall a moody, captivating feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy are beaming at a planet, provided they arrive in time to save or at least give a warning to the local population, as the planet's sun will explode within hours. But as it turns out, the people there are only too well aware of the fate of the planet and have escaped with a kind of time travel device in the past. Everyone in the past could choose the time and place to live in a "library" run by an elderly man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are looking for a past in which they can also live, showing them different periods from which to choose the audience. At the beginning of the episode there is some forced confusion with the following lines: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where did you go? Atoz- wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding was pretty easy to eradicate, but for conspiracy reasons, that is not the case, and soon Kirk finds himself back in a time akin to eighteenth-century England. Spock and McCoy are in sent an ice age, 5000 years in the past of the planet. This is mainly about Spock and his relationship with a woman who was banished by a tyrant as a punishment at the time. Spock behaves increasingly emotional and shows anger over McCoy and deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. He finally realizes that 5,000 years ago, he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan. Kirk returns to the library first and finally convinces Mr. Atoz that he does not belong in the story of his planet. Spock and McCoy return home before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind. The Enterprise shoots the three up and accelerates as the sun explodes and destroys the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, though Kirk's adventures in the "English" past are amusing. All in all a very decent Star Trek trip.
