The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and a highlight of the much crappy last season. In essence, Spock, McCoy and Kirk beam down to Sarpeidon to see that the planet's population is completely missing, except for a huge library and librarian Mr. Atoz. All 3 Trek characters will soon accidentally come across a time traveler in different epochs of Sarpeidon's past. Spock is a convincing appearance as an Ice Age volcano who falls in love with Zarabeth while Kirk repeats his unfortunate experience of time travel - see the "City on the Edge of Forever" - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before fleeing Find the door back in the time to Sarpeidon's presence. In the end, all three Trek characters are saved only minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sarpeidon becomes a supernova. The Enterprise warps as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book "Star Trek Memories," this show has been the cause of some altercation since Leonard Nimoy noticed that no reason was given in Lisette's screenplay, why Spock felt that way behaves emotionally. Nimoy passed on his concerns here directly to the executive producer of the show, Fred Freiberger, that Vulcans should not fall in love. (P.272) However, Freiberger believed that the Ice Age allowed Spock to experience emotions as Vulcans had not yet developed in their fully logical present state. This was a great example of Freiberger's improvisation to rescue a script that was well above average for this particular episode. While Shatner notes that the drop in script quality for the third season artistically violated Spock, as his character had to roar like a donkey in "Plato's Stepchildren", play with hippies in "The Road to Eden" or sometimes show emotion, the script here was more credible. Spock's acting here was excellent when Freiberger openly admitted Shatner. (P.272) The only obvious plot hole is the fact that with both Spock and McCoy traveling thousands of years, McCoy would have had to switch to a more primitive human condition, not just Spock. However, this is a forgivable mistake given the poor quality of many other Season 3 seasons, the brilliant Spock / McCoy performance, and the originality of this script. Who would have guessed that today's inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of their corrupt planet by traveling back in time? This is certainly what we expected from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> In "Memories," Shatner named some of his best "Unusual and High-Quality Shows" of Season Three as "Enterprise Incident, Day of the Dove." In truth there is no beauty, The Tholian Web And the kids run and Paradise syndrome. (P.273) While my personal opinion is that "And the Children Shall Lead" is a very bad episode, while "Is not Beauty in Reality" is a problem, "All Our Yesterdays" is certainly one of the top three stars the 3rd season Trek TOS movies. I give a 9 out of 10 for 'All Our Yesterdays'.
