An Unusual Time Travel: Instead of traveling back in time to Earth, the main trio gets stuck in the past of another planet. They radiate down to this planet whose sun is supposed to go to the Nova in 3 or 4 hours (that means it is nearby!). In a kind of futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (from A to Z, you get? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It turns out that the inhabitants have not escaped from the destruction of their planet by space, but as usual have fled into the different epochs of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to get people started after their selection (look at the discs we see here, another trek forecast of CDs and DVDs!). As Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (the atavachron-was-sis), the gallant Kirk hears the scream of a woman and encounters the seventeenth-century version of the earth, where he gets into a sword fight and is arrested for witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance from the actress, who plays a woman of bad repute and uses the phrasing of time ("... you are a great guy ... witch! Witch! You will burn her "Spock & McCoy follow Kirk, but land 5000 years ago in an ice age." Kirk manages to return to the library first, the real story here being Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the warlike Vulcans That makes no sense, except that this time machine may be responsible for the change (although Atz's Spock & McCoy were not "prepared") - well, it seems to me that Spock was hit by the change almost immediately - he mentions "millions of light-years away" instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a grave mistake for a logical Vulcan.) In any case, Spock really shows his evil side - v squeeze "Day of the Dove" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly realizes that his volcanic buddy is not his usual hustle and nearly his face gets rearranged Spock also does it with Zarabeth, one pretty woman who had been banished to punishment in this cold past (some Trek novels were written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are eye-openers, a reminder of how much Spock hides or holds. It's also ironic that McCoy's just mentioned a few episodes earlier ("Requiem for Methuselah") about how he would never experience the pain of love - and now it all happens. Meanwhile, Kirk fights with the older Atoz, who insists that Kirk returns to a bygone era ("You're obviously a suicide" - great stuff by actor Wolfe, most recently seen in "Bread and Circuses"). In the end everything works, but as I mentioned earlier, they have made it very close. A decent little trek adventure with a clear cosmic inclination.
