Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, brought ideas for Amazing Stories and even directed, so of course this had to be the biggest anthology ever. Sorry, some episodes are just fantastic, but often it was a mixed mix. In fact, it may have been a sinking if it was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, others were horror, and one was even animated, which made them a similar but not so good 80s version of the Twilight Zone (which was also nearby). <br /> <br /> I would normally like to have a mix of stories in an anthology show, but they did not work out here. Some of the more fantastic dramatic episodes felt like they should be shown on the Lifetime Network late in the evening, like the episode "Ghost Train," which was directed by Spielberg himself. There was the message of hope in this episode and it gave us a fantasy story, but overall, it was just a build to the end that did not blow me up anyways. The horror episodes tended to work better than the drama, but there were much more dramatic ones, and they got tired of watching. This anthology received some big stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, John Lloyd, June Lockhart, Weird Al Yankovich and many other known persons were in episodes of the show. It's fun to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. Big directors have also been involved in episodes, including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. I would rather recommend this to fans of directors and / or the 80s than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing Stories was sometimes amazing, usually good, sometimes mediocre, and now and then a real stinker came out. But this show has a nostalgic value for me, and it's fun to sit on boring afternoons and watch a few episodes. John Williams' theme music for the show is sure to get caught in every head watching it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. per episode. TVPG
