Honestly, I expected to hate this, and really only because Jenna Jameson is there ... but I have to say that I loved EVIL BREED. A group of college kids and their teachers make an "excursion" to Ireland. Their accommodations are located near the forest, where rumors say strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The group of post-teens is warned by the caretaker of the accommodation not to venture into the woods - but the stupid B-movie characters that they are - of course they do not pay attention to them and pay off their mistakes individually ... First, there is a lot of mistakes at EVIL BREED. The drama / dialogue is pretty weak and my biggest criticism is that a movie featuring Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have a lot more nudity than was shown here - and Jenna's role in this production is grossly overhyped as it has about 2 minutes of screen time together. Even less with Chasey and Ginger Lynn does not show any skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Even the last scene of the film makes absolutely no sense and feels like it was just dropped at the end of the movie. Apart from the handles - there are also good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are sent off early. Greico's bare chest ended with a spit and Chasey's guts are tearing him in half (though that way it will not show up on the screen) ... Not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other kill scenes are quite imaginative, including Jenna's forced breast implant removal, a man who has pulled his colon through his ass, a knife through his face, and several other notable persons. The implant and colon point scenes also have uncut versions that relate to the specifics, and it is a pity that the producers chopped them off, so to speak. As the movie moves, the movie moves to a pretty good clip, so you do not have too much time to get bored. The "Creature" FX are also very competent, which definitely helps. Overall, EVIL BREED was not as close as I expected. This, along with SATANS LITTLE HELPER, has almost sparked my interest in American low-budget movies that focus directly on video. Usually I avoid them as a whole, but these two were decent enough to give me credence. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - it does not hurt to suck on a bottle of cheap bourbon while you're at it - I know I was there and I'm sure that it did not hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
