A group of American students and their teacher decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland to study ancient religious practices. Although repeatedly warned of the dangers of distraction from the beaten track (by the native Irish guy, natch), they do just that and land on the outside, thanks to a family of Inbred cannibals (the descendants of the notorious Sawney Bean clan who, according to the stupid conspiracy of the film, has pulled sticks out of Scotland and settled on the Emerald Isle. <br /> <br /> If you believe that porn stars plus low-budget horror automatically mean tons of nudity and horror, then think again: Evil Breed is full of adult stars, but in fact, there is not nearly as much nudity as you would expect given the "talent," and the drama is anything but Oscar-worthy, but not all bad ( with the exception of Ginger Lynn Allen, whom we know to be wonderful "French," but whose Irish are lousy.) Evil Breed opens in a grand style with the brutal slaughter of some lovers Camper: after a few short sex under the canvas, the silicone hottie improved pulled out of the tent and torn in half; The guy has his arms and legs cut off and is fried on a spit. It's a very bloody start and is a good sign for the rest of the movie. Unfortunately, after this promising beginning, we begin to go downhill: we are introduced to the main characters, an annoying bunch of twenty-year-olds who are just begging to become cannibal chow, and spend quite a lot of time in terrible false anxiety, lots of blurney about the murderous druids of native Irish spinner Gary (Simon Peacock) and the worst wasted, some sub-scream, postmodernist conversation about the conventions of horror movies (how smart!). Then it looks like the movie never gets better, director Christian Viel decides to get serious: a man gets a knife rammed through his head and there's a free sex-in-the-shower scene with the pretty blonde Gillian Leigh (NOT a pornstar, but I'm sure there's a career when she wants to wait) After that, things get better as the cannibals step into carnivorous outerwear, and the movie turns into a veritable bloodbath: Gary has a machete in the ass (over time!) and is strangled with his gut; Ginger Lynn enters a mutant; Jenna Jameson gets ripped off, expelled, and has her silicone breast implant gnawed by confused cannibals. a guy is beheaded by cheese-wire; and Taylor Hayes is bloody, bruised and naked with a dead fetus between her legs (apparently she was caught and used as a breeding animal). <br /> <br /> All this is so bloody bloody that it makes it sit down the less interesting stuff is worth it and earns Evil Breed a final rating of 7/10. <br /> <br /> NB. A very restless production and studio intervention meant that Christian Viel finally gave up the project. Renewed shots were taken and the throat was heavily trimmed for a US release. The good news is that even though the movie is not as good as it would have been and cursed with a horrible ending, the UK DVD (the version I've been watching) has remained relatively intact with respect to the splatter (overall only 13 seconds were cut out of the film).
