If you were a director who wanted to cast female victims for a Slasher movie, it would certainly make sense to add some porn stars. It's not like they're inexperienced on camera, they have no scruples with the required nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can you name? Christian Viel obviously saw the potential to mix hard-core actresses with harsh effects, and so he cast four of the hottest and most famous stars in adult cinema. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen, and Taylor Hayes all turn up for cameos, which are probably the most intriguing slasher movie ever released since Scream since the genre revived. Samhain was originally intended for a cinema release in the cinema October 2002 - so in conjunction with the Halloween review. Unfortunately, the shoot has been plagued with numerous problems, so the object has not reached the exposure it deserves. Recently I heard that it was signed by Film 2000 here in the UK and was released directly to DVD for the end of October. Unfortunately, this label with DTV slashers has an unimaginably heinous success story behind it. They were not content with tainting our shelves with Camp Blood, and they were also responsible for unleashing Grandma, Bleed, and the rancid paranoid. Could Samhain finally pay for ammunition for their contemptible catalog cannon? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teachers travel to Southern Ireland as part of their history course. On arrival, they learn the legend of a cannibalistic clan who roamed the hills of Scotland and murdered locals for food. The cannibals were finally caught at the stake and burned, but it is rumored that one of the tribes had fled and gone into the forest of Ireland to seek refuge. After the kids settle down and start doing what all the massacre feed does to these strips, the obligatory Goody-Two-Shoes (and the particular heroine candidate) are startled by a shadow that sets in late at night sneaking around. Could it be that the meat hungry madman is still out in the woods? Well, what do you think ??? <br /> <br /> It looks like Samhain's production is intertwined from the beginning. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop Jenna Jameson's nude make-up shots, and Chasey Lain began to behave characteristically like a drugged prima donna. To make the injury even more insulting, the producers got cold feet just before the strip crashed into the shelves, talking about editing and removing the whole gore. They were reportedly dissatisfied with the violence, and they wanted to cut down the scenes to get an R rating. Of course, Schleier did not agree as he saw his entire summary enhanced by the creative graphical presentation. After months of clashes, the director parted from warehouse productions and the feature was re-locked in the vaults. Despite numerous disturbances, Veil's Slasher opus is still one of the best genre pieces released since the new millennium. The copy that was sent to me was the pre-release screener, which was obviously a test press with no sound effects or the entire soundtrack. Still, there were some credible jumps, some great cinematographs, and some of the hottest set pieces I've seen in quite some time. A man is bared by his rectum before being strangled with his own gut. Jenna Jameson is stripped naked and disheveled in unbridled sense of direction, and Chasey Lain ends after an unfortunate rescue attempt by her friend (Richard Grieco). Although the murders are unusually cruel, Samhain never feels common, mainly because the characters are portrayed as basic Slasher stereotypes. To be honest, the script was perhaps the biggest downfall of the movie because the dialogue was not so much inspired by Wes Craven's screaming movies, but flavant cut and pasted by them. <br /> <br /> Pouring Jenna Jameson was a great step by the producers. Her fans will be thrilled to whip up her top (as expected), as well as Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft porn movie, and it benefits from sticking to the structure he wanted to produce. It's worth noting that the above-mentioned XXX stars almost surpass the supposed "actors" of the feature, which is not a big addition. Ginger Lynn was at least notable (ignoring the shameful 'Oirish accent), and her fight with the mighty killer was excellently performed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna, as expected, provided bad drama that could be caused by the numerous problems on the set. Veil's direction of cinematography was superbly engineered and he provides some much-needed injections of tension. Exciting and crisp photography is mixed with a good sense of storytelling, and the net result is slasher extravagance to satisfy even the most critical gore-hounds. <br /> <br /> It will be interesting to see what kind of Final Cut is released by Samhain. It is rumored that a second director has been drafted to another end, and I am curious how much of the explicit Gore will be preserved for worldwide distribution. If the end result is only half as good as the harsh pressure I've looked at, it's still better than almost all the genre pieces released in the last decade or so. This is definitely worth a visit?
