Hong Kong directors who move to Hollywood to make films that are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of people like Tsui Hark, John Woo and Ringo Lam in the 90s. Of their collective production, only a few films (or can I just say one thing?) Had effects at the box office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak was in the recent film history of HK a great tour, especially with their now famous Infernal Affairs trilogy, which was listed again in Martin Scorsese's The Departed. So it's no surprise that Hollywood is knocking on the door /> <br /> But without colleagues Mak, which normally has Screenplay / Story duties as Lau has struck with the authors Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like the X-Files without X, the way the story is made, how the characters and parallels are drawn to the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes join David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, except that they do not belong to any state investigative agency that carries weapons, but are employees of Protective Services whose main responsibility is to ensure that sexual predators are part of their jurisdiction protected by the company if they are dismissed by the time. Therefore, it is the shepherds who care for their flock, only that their herd of sick sexual perversion suffers from a tendency to violence. The parallels in the characterization are so obvious that it is just a cosmetic correction to the outside. Like Fox Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a strange, lonely man who is consumed by his obsession to stubbornly harass his flock to overcome the limit. Punished by a failed attempt to save a missing child, just as Mulder yearns for his missing sister, Babbage is shunned by colleagues and disguised with the marching orders as a pension plan. He is deeply disgusted with the people he oversees, who is fed up with crime and what he stands for, that he does not use unorthodox methods and does not get out of hand while imposing illegal, preventive punishment. At the same time, he too has strong demands to fight against so as not to cross the border and become as he detests it. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads them to his goal, seeking closure, salvation for himself, and the firm belief that the truth is still out there, and he wants to believe. <Br /> <br /> Danes' Allison Lowry, on the other hand, is the one replacing Babbage. In the meantime, while they learned the next 18 days the ropes on the job, she has to spy on him and report his shenanigans, like Dana Scully was tasked with Fox Mulder. As unbelievers of preventative action and claiming that people who have retreated into society have been healed of their temptations, she slowly begins to realize what Babbage sees, and it is much more than just a desk and administration job if they really help people want. <br /> <br /> And it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices that we open all our eyes, similar to how 8mm brought the snuff films with Nicolas Cage in the spotlight. It's a decent investigative drama with the usual red herrings, and mine, they're really good, because you've often been asked if your guesses are right and you'll shoot off your hips quickly if you turn out to be wrong at an alarming rate , However, I do not reckon this is due to a close narrative, but rather to the large number of characters (look out for Avril Lavigne's cameo) and negotiations. The scene in the darkened goods / Shophouse was related to David Mills and William Somerset of Se7en, when they raided John's dwelling and found a lot of bizarre in her, although there was not much left in the face of nature <br /> Apparently The decided Flock somehow that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite his very strange style, to have no style. He used almost every trick in the book to convey the feelings of another soul, only that this was deeply rooted in brown tones instead of black and black. It takes some time to get used to it, and I set that effect up as an effect that actually detracts from the events in the story. Not really a good move, with a bit of repetition of scenes with flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But The Flock is still neatly entertaining, though X-philes out there will probably not be able to imagine their favorite actors starring so much in the character's similarity. Gere and Danes give some chemistry as the old fogy (heh) and his protege from, and although it's not exactly great, Andrew Lau has done some good news.
