I really like Richard Gere ... I've always done it and it seems like he has recently scrapped as a Hollywood star and money maker, but it seems to me that the reason is that he has very mature, intense roles and I have been very successful, not financially, because I've seen him in some really great jewels lately, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies!) and now this The Flock, the apparently should be a big release considering its considerable 35 million budget. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very harsh, because I thought the film dealt with a very serious social problem in a very direct, violent and disturbing way, and Gere brings everything home. It's an action thriller drama that stuck me to the TV with its story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that it's a very serious Hollywood affair, but I do not think it does that with disrespect, but it's trying to take another spin around to make people aware that this exists. In fact, that's how The Hunting Party dealt with war. Wai-keung Lau, director of Hong Kong, has done a decent job, but in my opinion it's the cast that made him look. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker Erroll Babbage, who has somehow created his own style and laws when it comes to his "flock" who are registered as violent sex offenders. He has no trouble tracking these people, following them and being absolutely sure that they will not hurt themselves again, and if they do, he will be the one to identify them and stop them in any way possible. Gere is so intense and looks exhausted from the job and he has become violent and angry because he has seen those monsters loose on the street. He is just fantastic. Claire Danes is also great as a new partner for Babbage and its replacement, which he has to train to do his job. The character of Danes is far more of a typical social worker and is a bit surprised by Babbage's style and methods, but he slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and is facing. The two are brilliant together and have a fantastic chemistry with such different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who seems to be torn from the headlines as he plays a character very much attached to Karla Homolka (the wife of Paul Bernardo, who is now outside) for those of you who are pursuing Canadian serial killers, plays. Her character is a little over the top, but she's suddenly convincing and terrifying. Russell Sams has a small role as a new friend of Strickland, and he probably would have gotten a bigger role. Ray Wise, a terrific character actor (check him out in Dead End and the amazing turnaround as Satan himself on the WB Reaper show), and he gets a small but good role as head of public safety and Babbage's boss. <br /> < br /> The film is not perfect despite the awesome performances of its lead cast. It takes liberties to really try to make the movie more entertaining than educational, but it's just another point of view that's not different from the Nicholas Cage Dud 8MM. The Flock takes you into the underworld of sex trafficking, kidnapping, trafficking and more and is simply something you should watch. Maybe it was not as straightforward or as written as it could have been, but let me tell you that Danes and Gere together make this movie completely worth seeing and a really great thriller. It is disturbing, but also something that is not very complex. Nevertheless, in many ways, Gere is very complex in many strata and opens up social stigma. This makes you think about vigilantism in many ways when you see the people Gere has to deal with. I would like to encourage all of you to ignore bad reviews and get an idea of ​​yourself, because it's worth it! 8.5 / 10
