I was looking for this movie because I'm a new Frain fan and wanted to see more of his work. First, his Irish accent is great. He has an open ear for dialects, it seems. His acting was wonderful as always. James Frain aside, I found the movie very well done. It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as the * chaos * it really is. Both sides have committed grave injustices, and the men involved in the conflict usually have very little to say about their circumstances. <br /> <br /> It's also interesting to realize that not every man (or any woman) that is supposed to fight for his country actually does. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger why he "does", Ginger can not find a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger is not for good reason to protect his country or the rights of his Protestants ... Ginger is joking to kill him. He's full of blood and it's the perfect job for a guy like him. In such a struggle, there are people like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their everyday life and enjoy their families ... people who see that all battles are just more fights. There are people like Kenny who are born leaders full of charisma, and they give fuel to the flames, rather they mean it or not. Also, Kenny really believes in the "thing". He believes that what he does will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit strange because his character seems too intelligent for everything. But like many other seemingly intelligent men, he gets pulled into a gang gang without realizing ... until it's too late. Then there's Ginger, a pure psycho who's in combat for no other reason, but out of sheer thrill, making him a valued asset in a gangland-type gait, some might argue. Now, in this movie, Ginger has kept its value and has become a very dangerous, loose cannon. Everything comes to a boiling point, and the end is expected to be tragic. What makes this movie worthy is that it shows both sides of this old conflict. As an American, I can not understand what fighting is all about. But I know that there has to be a better way. <br /> <br /> All in all, a good-looking, touching ... but disturbing movie.
