"What is love? What is this yearning in our hearts for togetherness? Is not it the cutest flower? Does not this flower of love have the fragrant aroma of fine, fine diamonds? Does not the wind love the filth?" Is not love? It is not unlike the improbable: Are you dating somebody tonight Do not ask your love Take your lover by the hand Give the strength to yourself You have heard me, release the power Conquer the Heaven with an intimate caress, that's right, do not be shy, take out everything you have, and do it in the ass By Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows created his legendary SNL playboy Leon Phelps, I flinched. When I heard his smarmy lisp and his screaming comments, my distance trembled with indignation. I have used the click function more than once, dear reader. <br /> <br /> So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" came on cable, I mumbled some comments myself and clicked again. But it comes the day, gray and deserted, when none of the over 100 channels "nothing works" ... sigh. Yes ?? I was faced with torments with every cable wearer ?? look at it or turn off my TV! There he was, Leon Phelps, grinning and ... making me laugh! What's happened? Did I indulge in Hollywood's "stupid" sitcom humor? Was I so desperate not to abdicate my holy throne? The truth of the matter is, I like "The Ladies Man" more than I should. A story about a vulgar playboy slurping cognac while staring at any female figure contradicts my feminist sentiment. What began as a rough SNL sketch blossomed before my eyes in a story about Leon and his Playboy philosophy through life "helping people" to solve their sexual conflicts. "I am Mother Teresa of Boning," he solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), his girlfriend and longtime producer of his radio show "The Ladies Man". And he is not kidding. Leon leaves a series of broken hearts and angry spirits and manages to sleep all over Chicago. That he does this with such genuine good will is his business card of life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "expert in the ways of love" manages to bring in a lot of difficulties husbands and friends. One of these abused spouses, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms a club called "Victims of Smiling Ass, USA," who vows to catch our lovely Don Juan. "Oh yes, we'll have our revenge," he scolds to his cohorts, in a breathtaking dance number. <br /> <br /> Also, it's a great pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as the tavern's host, Lester, and sleek narrator of Leon's Odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a lot of money. (Where was he hiding?) But would I choose this movie as my Valentine's Day choice? Leon's search for the simple life changes him in so many profound ways - that I had to give my consent to our "Ladies Man". The fact that he can find true happiness in the vicinity of the film with a woman while giving his unusual advice, is the stuff of dreams!
