Sometimes they are lucky and have a hit in their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But most of the time they have duds (Pat comes in pretty quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between hit and dud. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but then, as is usually the case with SNL Sketch games, it slows down before it ends, long after it should have been. Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps. a radio DJ with a nightly show called The Ladies Man. He usually answers all questions related to sex and relationships in the grossest possible way. Everything seems to finally hit the butt. After pressing the button of the station manager, Leon is fired along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) and has to find another job. From the random blue comes a letter from one of his ex-ladies. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life. The only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon has to track down all the women he was with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams stands right in front of you. There is also a signing on a group of men whose wives / girlfriends all slept with Leon, and they first want to find out who he is (through a tattoo he has on some of his anatomy), then kill him. To lead this group of people is a surprise! Will Ferrell of SNL. At first I thought the subplot was rather lame. The singing and dancing was simply completely worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but he just never clicked for me. And the rest of the boys were just brawls that came along, and in the end, everyone decided that it was their fault if their wives / girlfriends cheated on them. So back to the main story. The story is essentially about Leon and sex. So it depends, if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his manners, his dialogue carry the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor at SNL. The only thing I really liked about him was his ladies man skits. But the best part about this is that they usually involved the innkeeper (remember the one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes they were pretty funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really funny. What I liked about the character of the movie is that it kept its character throughout. He never wavered from his desire to get only one person. To the end, where this transformation took place, and the ubiquitous speech to bind things. Otherwise it was pretty good to keep Leon as Leon and not turn him into something less gross than he was. There is not much substance in this movie if you can not guess. But as I said, the beginning of the movie was very funny for me. Some really laugh loud moments that are all about sex and its cruelty. The problem with this film and most other SNL spin-offs, of course, is that these are characters that should only be shown for a few minutes. Stretching the concept to 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously why they needed the deal, because without it this movie would have been a little less than an hour. If it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it got boring. So overall, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it was not as good as other. It had a few fun moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest kept on. There was an unnecessary negotiation the sole purpose of which was to prolong the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps character, you can watch the movie. If he annoys you, do not even bother. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some revealing clothing. <br /> <br />
