As shallow as it may sound, I've actually watched "The Barbarians" several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the picture shown here on the website) looks so incredibly gay! I wish I had seen it earlier, because the movie is not so gay. just cheesy, cheesy, sporty and a lot of fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of "Cannibal Holocaust," was the man responsible for this weird take on the popular Sword & Sandal fantasy films of the present, especially Schwarzenegger's Conan films. The film begins with a terrific "off-screen narrator" that once existed and introduced us to the Ragneks. The founder once exchanged a whole mountain of pure gold for a magical ruby ​​that allowed them to travel in freedom and enter any country as entertainers. In other words, the Ragneks are a bunch of traveling circus freaks! Their luck ends abruptly when the greedy Kadar abducts the beautiful Canadian Canadians of the Ragneks and constantly tries to discover the whereabouts of the Ruby. The two orphans, Gemini Gore and Kutchek, are trained to be muscular warriors and are on the road like an amusing waste of time. They are involuntarily ready to fight until death. Instead, they flee and develop a plan to free their queen. Actually, the plot is not half as bad as I had initially feared, but the greatest fun is the chemistry of the Beefcake brothers on the screen, the crazy, inappropriate dialogues and of course the totally cheesy fantasy monsters, like a dragon with adorable sweet eyes Eyes, a kind of werewolf creature and zombies that seem to jump out of the swamp. The soundtrack and make-up effects are great and our almighty director Deodato has a tremendously fast pace. The acting abilities of the barbarian brother are far better than I expected, except one of them is constantly making gross-sounding noises. The supporting cast is also great. Eva La Rue never looked better than the witty, wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant indeed charms, as Richard Lynch claims on several occasions, and the pretty Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance as a malicious sorceress with a donut-shaped hairstyle (Das is not kidding!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" radiates the darling of Eyes in the Hills, who calls Michael Berryman the appropriately named Dirtmaster. I know that the displayed image is more than a promotional campaign for the musical version about the rise and fall of the villagers, but "The Barbarians" are really a must for the Italian exploitation of exploitation.
