LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle movie wonder, a work deepened by the inconspicuous script of writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, which allows for the natural scenery of this "road trip" story and the sophisticated play of stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd, to carry the emotional influence of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly enhanced by the cinematography of Katell Djian (a sensitive mix of travelogue horizons and closely-photographed duets between characters) and music by Fowzi Guerdjou, who maintains some beautiful themes throughout the film. Many local music variations from the numerous Countries of the film surveys. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a western girlfriend who apparently does not follow the religious direction of his heritage. His older father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that it is time to bring his hajj to Mecca, and because he is unable to drive, Reda challenges the reluctant Reda to give up his personal needs to him to force his final religious commitment. The two left in a fragile car to travel to Saudi Arabia through France, Italy and Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey. During the trip, Reda asks his father to visit some of the interesting sights, but his father continues to focus on the purpose of the trip, and Reda must be confused by his father's demands. On their pilgrimage, they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who ties herself to the two men and eventually has to be abandoned by Reda, a Turkish man named Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian), who promises to lead the father / son duo. but instead brought about a schism by dripping and disappearing Reda in a bar and innumerable border guards and customs agents delaying their progress for various reasons. Tension between father and son increases: Reda can not understand the meaning of this pilgrimage, which is characterized by trials and mishaps, and the father can not understand the insensibility of Reda to the religious beliefs and needs of the father. At last they reach Mecca, where they are surrounded by pilgrims from all over the world, and the sense of the meaning of the journey is overwhelming for Reda. The way the story comes to an end is touching and full of meaning. It was a religious pilgrimage to rebuild the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, and between disrespect and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - all the more so as if the camera "accidentally" perceives the many stopping points along the way without having to improve them with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a great actor (be sure to watch his latest and currently-released movie "The Grocer's Son") and it's his carefully nuanced role that gives the film its magic. Another good film from the movie movement, a delicate story told brilliantly. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
