If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you can point out that the opening, in which an RAF Lancaster bomber is mortally wounded on May 2, 1945, is somewhat unlikely, since German air defense systems were as vivid as Adolph Hitler that day , However, this is not the case A film that should be seen by a cynical audience, and I suspect that a character who was literally killed in the final hours of the war increases its meaning. In fact, you must have survived World War II to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty, and soul of Powell and Pressburg's masterpiece. The scenes of the sky are painful when viewed today? Again, you must display the movie of the context if it has been created. The RAF Bomber Command lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost in 'Nam, but during a shorter period and a much smaller pool of active fighters, there were no atheists in a foxhole, and I doubt they lost A relative during the conflict would regard material atheism as a meaningful thing. When the young pilot of Richar Attenborough admires the sight beneath him, many war heroes must have cried openly when they remembered the many missing comrades who had not survived the war. Remember, too, that despite the loss of a few million people from 1939 to 1945, very few people from Germany go through the Pearl Gate. It is obvious that Nazis are not going to heaven. <br /> <br /> The conspiracy itself, where the brisk young pilot Peter Carter, who argues for his life before a heavenly judgment, would not have found much favor if it had not. For the subtext, see A MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH, a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British Empire as it is replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show that the film is made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of America, and many Britons today still believe that the United States consists predominantly of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, though in fact only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans." The film rightly contains a scene in which a multitude of different races confess "I am an American" while Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe, who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in the American Revolutionary War. As for the "special relationship" between Britain and America - what special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history in the UK and America. They obviously also know their future. <br /> <br /> So, remember to watch this movie with some of your thoughts in the past and some of your thoughts in the present. It's weird, beautiful, poignant, and smart, but most of all, it's a movie that would never work if filmed for the past 40 years. Can you imagine that the story was filmed in 2003 and was about a British soldier killed in Iraq?
