After "A Dirty Shame" I never thought I would see another movie by John Waters. This movie was really so bad that I was convinced that all his films would be like this. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said it was a great movie, I decided to give it a try anyway. Only a few days later it was shown on television. I took it out of curiosity and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that this "pecker" is certainly much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this movie we see how a young "nobody" from Baltimore becomes a sensation overnight in the art world of New York. He's a sandwich shop employee who photographs his weird family or things he sees as a hobby on the street. When he presents his first "exhibition" in the shop where he works, his pictures are noticed by a gallery owner who loves pictures full of misery and madness. His photographs are sold at tremendous prices, but when he sees his family, friends, and strangers respond to his success, he decides he will not go to New York, they must come to him when they see more of him want. And they do, but what they see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie much more than "A Dirty Shame ". The first reason is that this movie has an actual story. This movie really has something to say and should not only shock as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the art world, which considers everything as unusual for art, because they do not know what the reality is, is not only funny, it is also not far from the truth. I think there are many people who feel modern art that way. No one understands why they make a fuss, but we all seem to like it. The second reason I liked this movie is that this movie had much better acting performance. I'm not saying that everything you see will be great, but at least the characters have some meaning, thanks to the performances of various actors, such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci. All in all, this is not a great movie, but thanks to his criticism and some good jokes - which never really go too far - this is a pleasing movie. It's certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked it a lot more than "A Dirty Shame." I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
