In front of this little black and white man, the tricky subject of criminal rape never got on the American screen. There were many of these topics that kept Hollywood and the Production Code hidden until the rebellious 1960s. Therefore, it is not surprising that a small, independent company like Ida Lupino's filmmaker has to address the topic. The result is well-intentioned, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since director Lupino had to work with code demands to release the film. Interestingly enough, Ann Waltons (Mala Powers) is the main issue after the attack. Others do not see her like that, but see how she sees herself. And it's a heavy burden that carries her. Will she ever be able to contact men again? Will they regard them as "spoiled goods" (after all, that's 1950)? No wonder she is kept away from these fears at home and at work, though family and friends are generally supportive. Overall, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is hyped to bring something into the storyline, but then this is a movie. Note that the neighbor does not respond to the horn of the chase. If these cries of alarm had been Powers instead, the neighbors' lack of response would have posed an interesting, if complicated, problem. The second half is the production order in the sentimentalized person of Rev Ferguson. He (to quote a sentence) is "who gives her courage to face life again". There are some efforts to humanize him - it's Ann or her dilemma that he's most interested in. Yet, his gentle and sympathetic presence seems a bit too wondrous and a bit too Hollywood. Fortunately, the end avoids the usual Hollywood cop-out, stressing only the hope of a happy solution for Ann rather than his safety. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a lot of credit for dealing with the topic. Given the overall results, I assume that she was as honest with the subject as she was allowed. I also expect today's audience to find the treatment slightly interesting, especially because of Power's outstanding performance highlighting the purely human drama. However, the film now works best as a document of its time and what the then cultural guardians considered appropriate for adult viewing.
