Ida Lupino was one of the few women who broke the directorial glass ceiling under the studio system in Hollywood. Not surprisingly, she also explored protofeminist issues that were so carefully addressed, if at all, that it was seldom clear what was being talked about. In Outrage, she treats rape and its aftermath, and although referred to as "criminal assault" throughout the entire short film, she leaves no doubt as to what happened. Mala Powers (in her) official debut plays an accountant in a large industrial plant; She lives with her parents, but is engaged to a young man (Robert Clarke) who has just received a raise and now earns $ 90 a week. After leaving the factory late at night, she is persecuted. In the following scene ?? the best in the movie? She tries to escape her pursuer in a hideous labyrinth of buildings and alleys, but fails. If she comes home rashly and shocked, the police can not get much out of her; She claims she never saw her assailant (who had a snack truck in front of the factory). She tries to pretend that nothing has happened, but returns to her job believing that everyone is staring at her and judging her. She gets into a joint condition, runs a bus to Los Angeles, but stumbles at a rest stop. When she wakes up in a strange ranch house, she learns that she was rescued by Tod Andrews, a young minister in a farming town in California. She lies about her identity and takes a job grabbing oranges. The two fall in love with each other vaguely, but Andrews is clear that Powers holds terrible secrets. When she picks up a wrench at a company picnic and kicks the skull of Jerry Paris, who wanted to steal a kiss, the truth about her past comes to the fore ... <br /> <br /> It was a guts movie which may explain and excuse some of its shortcomings. Lupino never again conquers the momentum of the early attack scene, and the film moves into the bucolic and sentimentalism and ends up talkative and didactic. Yes, Lupino had important information to convey, but she did not trust the narrative to speak for herself. Their cast, pleasant but bland and generic, was not much help and turned into melodramatic attitudes or self-confidence. But Outrage was a breakthrough that left a trail for later discussions about what the crime of rape really is and what it really means for its victims.
