I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite movie, and he's mine too. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, well-crafted story - the love power against "the powers that will be". However, their delusion lies in the complexity of the premise "is it real or is it imaginary". Basically one could argue that it is only a representation of the effects of the war on a young, poetically inclined plane in the Second World War. Or is it? The question will never be answered either way. Actually it is never asked. This consistent understatement is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> The innovative photography and cinematography even includes some nice details that represent the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a cinematic version of Richard Strauss' opera Rosenkavalier on a young Viennese aristocrat of the 18th century. This is shown in the short interlude in which the conductor 71 dressed in all his splendor holds the rose (which appears silver in the sky). The music even has a dreamy quality. <br /> <br /> The acting is first class - David Niven is of his most enchanting side and he is excellently supported by the experienced Roger Livesey and the relative newcomer Kim Hunter. In my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as conductor 71. He has by far the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent lightheartedness and lightening the movie. It is a pity that some scenes of Conductor 71 were left lying on the floor of the cutting room. It's also a shame that Goering's comedic talents are rarely seen in the film, except in the wonderful videos from the 1950s television series The Scarlet Pimpernel. This is by far the most memorable role of his film career. It is a perfect foil for the relaxed style of Niven, and its virtual elevation contrasts with the seriousness of the other characters. Ironically, Niven also played another heavenly "messenger" in The Bishop's Wife in the mid-1940s, played by Cary Grant. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the result boring, unenergetic and disappointing. According to Powell, Goring wanted the role of Peter Carter, who initially rejected Conductor 71. That's good that he gave in and gave us such a charming presentation. The film, "he instructed" In order to smooth the tense relations between the United Kingdom and the United States, they are towards the end lapsed. But it is disarming in its gentle reminiscences of the horrors of war - the numerous victims, both military and civil, the need to "continue" in the face of death. There is a striking lack of "enemies" of World War II in the sky, but the civilians shown are of undetermined origin. Powell and Bratislava could have made their presentation clearer, but it was not necessary. The film may not have fulfilled its intended diplomatic purpose, but its originality inspires filmmakers and audiences alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
