Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after watching. This is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully designed 2002 film from Spain based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book as a screenplay. War and its consequences are not a new theme for films, but if this war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force for the development of characters (especially children) who have to face an adult life that is influenced by adult games the result is another and more tender investigation of the film genre Coming of Age. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish American from New York who returns with her critically ill mother Aurora (María Barranco) in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War at her home, Aurora, since the death of his wife was abandoned by her father Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna). Carol's father Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who has opposed Franco to the Republicans and is rarely with his family together. Aurora has a past: she has left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso in turn married Aurora's cold sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who, with the exception of her grandfather Don Amalio, feels distanced until she meets others of her age, but not of her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends reject Carol first, but as Events evolve Carol and Tomiche combine what feels like the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and her daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but turns to her grandfather for support and to her mother's best friend and teacher, Maruja (the always radiant Rosa Maria Sardà) To understand this inequality between the classes and the pointless war that keeps their beloved father from their side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche are learning the hardships of growing up who, in a short time of war, will experience more trauma than most of us in life. The end is sad but exhilarating as Carol's road to maturity is complete. The film is filmed in Galicia and Portugal and contains some exceptionally beautiful settings that cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and his comrades enhance with soft, sensitive lighting enhanced by the music of Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates Pathos from Bathos, and in deciding to focus the story on the children involved, he makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of the war. The cast is extraordinary: the stars are clearly the young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by the seasoned actors in adult roles. This is a visually stunning work with a lasting message and should find a much larger audience than before. Grady harp
