The first flourishes made me purr for the joy of their ingenuity-the altered version of the Archers' logo, the preliminary disclaimer, and the way the camera pans the cosmos. It's strange to think that "It's a wonderful life" came out in the same year. No big coincidence: The 1940s were full of Sky Earth films. But the glowing woolly fogs and the cute angels of competition look tattered, something that best goes into silence when placed next to Alfred's boy's vision, and more striking ideas come to us. I'm not a big fan of color and black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a mere change of pallets. Both the color photograph and the black and white picture could stand alone. <br /> <br /> As far as the story goes ... This could be Pressburger's best script, or at least it would have been if the conclusion was more a logical result of previous events. Apart from that, it's tight, but with more going on than I can allude to here. Was the heavenly stuff real or imaginary? (Or both - maybe Carter came up with a fantasy that was true when it happened.) Everyone says we should not ask or answer this question, but I can not understand why. I'm sure we should ask the question. The film even gives us clues to the answer - in fact, the problem is that there are too many clues pointing them in different directions at first glance. The fact that other things should also occupy our attention does not mean that this should not concern us so well. There is, as I have already said, a lot going on. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Sky Prosecutor) transmits a cricket broadcast of a cricket match and contemptuously says, "The Voice of England, 1945." Dr. Reeves (the defense) confirms the exhibition great embarrassment and then produces its own: a blues song from America that Farlan hears as if he had a lemon in his mouth. "Reeves looks complacent. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I do not understand why It's stupid to condemn blues music - and Powell and Pressburger do not do that anyway - while the song is being played, we get a glimpse of the American soldiers who hear it: some of them are nodding in the rhythm, perfectly at home, they can not find it The song has something valuable, and neither Reeves nor Farlan know what it is, Reeves probably knows so much, all English viewers (and all Australian, Indian, etc.) know without saying that It's also of value in the cricket show; and though Reeves understands that, he can not explain it to Farlan - hence the Blues show, which shows that people can understand each other without understanding anything else. It's a clever scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a bit cold, without the charisma he would get later in his career. But still, I do not think a movie took my heart so fast after the action started.
