The Running Man set up in 2017 (though it's easy to mistake him for 1987 when judging the hairstyles and the clothes) sees the all-round good Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar) being convicted of a crime he did not commit is framed. After a daring prison break, he is captured and takes part in the brutal TV game show The Running Man, along with several other refugees and the pretty woman Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso). <br /> <br /> The show is used by the totalitarian government as a means of controlling the masses and is being condemned against a series of colorful (and often quite civilian) opponents, each with their own style of killing: Dynamo fires electricity out of a special suit, Buzzsaw uses chainsaws, Sub Zero has a crisp hockey stick and Fireball prefers a flamethrower to complete the contenders. However, these killers are not unknown to Ben Richards, who sends everyone in a cruel manner (followed by the compulsory joke). Towards the end of the film, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters in a fight against the authorities, and he has to take revenge on evil host Killian of the show. <br /> <br /> Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar dominated the action film universe and he could not leave it to his legion of fans, not wrong. The Austrian beefcake had a formula for success that almost guaranteed box office success: comic violence, logic-free action and pretty female sidekick plus funny one-liners. The Running Man faithfully followed this blockbuster recipe to an audience of T and Arnie (mostly male teenagers) who gave it (including me). Well, two decades later, and having just seen the movie again, I find it a strange movie for the first time in years: a movie with no technical value, decent acting and convincing effects, but somehow totally entertaining. Directed by Paul Michael Glaser (best known as Det. Dave Starsky from the cult show of the stars of the 70s, Starsky and Hutch), and a short story by Stephen King (writing under the nom de plume, Richard Bachman) , The Running Man is cheesy 80s act that looks both incredibly cheap and outdated, but despite (or perhaps because of) the shabbiness of the movie, it has a special charm that's hard to describe. <br /> <br /> Without an attempt to create a realistic closeness The next shot of the film causes unintentional giggling. Take a look at the scene where Ben Amber's secret cache of banned tapes (!) Is discovered. marvel at the "futuristic" graphics used in billboards and the board game The Running Man (as a graphic designer I found these particularly amusing); marvel at the lack of convincing technological advances. <br /> <br /> The Running Man may be absolute garbage, but it's extremely entertaining absolute rubbish that I would not hesitate to recommend to Arnie fans and sci-fi action in general.
