Did not Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for this year? This film never had a chance because of the casting, but maybe people now see why I felt that way when leaving the theater. Only with "Wargames" did I feel similarly disturbed after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I was looking at our future. History has shown that's exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> The casting is a pop culture of the Cuisinart of the 1980s: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the framed refugee gave the chance to "race" for his freedom in the gameshow with the same title as the movie ; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treating his role as if he were the host of Family Feud among the participants who used real cannons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill the "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while the "Dancers of the Future" are none other than the Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s". The conspiracy is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence but agrees to be the Running Man when he is told that his buddies will be released; instead they join him as a "candidate". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Hayek can be properly judged in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value of the film was a bit poor, the lines were cheesy and (at the time)), the plot seemed a bit far-fetched. I remember leaving the theater thinking that we were definitely going in the direction of the movie, but who could have seen how far we were going and how fast? If The Running Man were listed in TV Guide, most people would assume that this would be just another reality show driving the envelope today. The government's influence on the media has only gotten worse, and the run-down American audience of the future, giving up all its "national security" freedoms, is downright daunting. Ben Richards is brilliantly played by Arnold as one of the few remaining failures against a government rule that the rest of America is only too willing to accept in return good television and some farewell gifts for the audience. <br /> <br /> The film was exaggerated, perhaps even off the beaten track at the time, but as with Back to the Future III, the "gorge" that he seemed to be sinking into in 1987 seemed to be full tracks Replaced in 2006 and beyond This film will sail into the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that the Academy did not give due credit to this brilliant screenplay, as was the case with Wargames. "Serious" actors who act earnestly and are so presumptuous to surrender may win more Oscars, but that does not make them better movies than their "normal" counterparts like this one. <br /> <br /> An absolute must.
