Arnold proved again in the 80's that he was the king of action, and showed in this futuristic movie about a violent game show that no competitor survives. But as the slogan says, Arnold has not played yet! The film begins in 2019, when the global economy ran out of food and other important materials, creating a totalitarian state that controls every aspect of life through television and a police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, in which criminals have to survive against "stalkers" who live to kill them. The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold), who leads a helicopter mission to observe a food riot underway. He is asked by his superiors to shoot at her, but refuses to throw him out of jail and throw him in jail. Meanwhile, they are killing people without his help. The government accuses Richards of the massacre that earned him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield." Eighteen months later, Richards and two friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), escaped from a detention center where they worked. They make their way to the subway under the direction of Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "butcher of Bakersfield" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him differently. They want him to join the resistance, but he prefers to go to his brother and look for a job. Soon he realizes that his brother was taken to the re-education and a woman's name Amber Mendez (Alonso) has taken his apartment. She does not help him knowing who he is, but he convinces her, but she gets knocked down by the cops at the airport after she rattles him. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, The Running Man has trouble finding good new blood for the stalkers there. The show's host, Damon Killian (Dawson), and one of the country's most powerful men, sees Richard's escape footage and can fetch him for the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of his friends, so he signs the contract. You will love this part. But soon he realizes that they will come to him as well and makes sure that Killian knows he will come back. The runners make their way through the zones and fight with memorable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Richards is eventually supported by Amber, who was suspected of being posted but also caught and thrown into the game. Together they find the subway and return to Killian and bid him farewell. <br /> <br /> The running man is another of Arnold's great 80s films. The film was apparently based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure it's not like that and I do not care that I loved the movie. As in all of Arnold's films, acting is exactly what one would expect from Arnold's classic one-liners, and even Ventura gets a pair. But undoubtedly Richard Dawson is the outstanding element in this film. As a true game show host, he was easily faked and could create a character who was really cold-blooded. The whole movie itself tears a bit at game shows and the big brother watches you. Look out for them to have fun and some old shows, "Hassboot" among others. Besides Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, the cast was great as well. Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole should not be forgotten! With all the reality TV nonsense it gets, it's almost better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals would make it into a movie about "Evil Bush." The new DVD had mostly bad extras, the stalker were the only redeemable. Some of them, how the ACLU managed to get some of their communism into the DVD, are ridiculous junk that should not be near any Arnold movie of all things. Blasphemy! For every Arnold fan, especially us who grew up with him in the 80s, you can not miss that. It's one of the first I saw in the 80's and it's great to this day. The futuristic world and the humor are great. Overall, 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
