The Running Man is often dismissed as a pure Arnie action thriller full of explosions, bad puns, and shootings, and to be honest, there are plenty of them. People have looked at it and compared it to the Terminator series and said it's one of the poorer Schwarzenegger films. But give him 18 years, and you'll find it in a movie to appreciate different light. Instead of being just another mindless action movie, it works very well as a parody on reality TV. It's very different from the book by Stephen King, but I doubt that Hollywood would have accepted its current form with its love of happy endings and the so-called "ordinary boys" who have proven themselves to be trained commandos. <br /> <br /> But continue with the meeting. <br /> <br /> Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a police officer working in a dystopian state where democracy is a thing of the past. and the entire country is ruled by a merger of government and media conglomerate. The economy is in ruins, the food is scarce and the state keeps people by creating sadistic gameshows, such. B. Jumping for dollars, where people jump for money over a pit of rabid dogs, distracted. The most popular is The Running Man, a game show hosted by the sleazy Damian Killian (played by the entertaining Richard Dawson), where allegedly "criminals" are hunted by theatrical, pro-wresting-tormenting "stalkers". However, some are trying and talking against the government. When a group of hungry people protest in the city of Bakersfield, California, a helicopter controlled by Richards is sent to "calm down" the protest (ie, kill it). When Richards refuses to shoot innocent people, he is arrested and imprisoned for murdering people in the crowd. He is sentenced to a slave labor camp, but flees with the help of a resistance leader (Yaphet Kotto) and goes on the run. <br /> <br /> However, his freedom does not last long and after hijacking the network, employee Amber Mendez (Marita Conchita Alonso) tries to escape the pursuers. He is being captured again, but this time he has to appear on The Running Man. <br /> <br /> And of course the whole movie starts in standard Arnie mode. Richards is taken to the post-apocalyptic desert of Los Angeles (why is LA always destroyed in these dystopian worlds?) And forced to flee from the "stalkers" along with two other prisoners who escaped with him from the labor camp. Amber also becomes curious about Richard's innocence announcements and discovers that he has been framed. Guess what happens to her? As Amber, Richards, and the other two walk around trying to avoid the stalkers, we quickly realize that Richards is no ordinary cop. He's Super Arnie, the unpredictable one-man army that breaks down evil corporate dictatorships and fights obese men, all covered in Christmas lights, while she's just your average American with an Austrian accent. Yeah, the rest of the movie gets stupid, loud, classic 80's Arnie fun. There are many exciting combat sequences, the typical terrible puns ("He had to split" is my favorite) and the general formal final confrontation and the happy ending. It's a lot of fun watching Killian's reaction to the typical "healthy" game show style, and some of the funniest moments in the show revolve around the contrast between his interactions with the crowd as seemingly benevolent hosts (attention!) For the cursing old one Lady!) And the cold, cynical man, who in reality will do anything to increase the ratings. <br /> <br /> If you expect a sophisticated, intelligent movie, you will be disappointed. But if you want a great 80s movie, that's it. But the great thing about this movie is that it was pretty prophetic. <br /> <br /> If you look at the entertainment we have today, you've noticed reality TV going on these days - shows that show people willing to put fame through everything, and for five minutes the producers are too ready to humiliate them on television. It is not too far to imagine that a disgusting TV manager is trying to get the right to have people executed live on television. But we already had that when the Ghoul Al-Qaeda hostages beheaded the videos posted on the internet. It seems that in the current climate, at least some people are perfectly alright when they see the real death on their televisions. <br /> <br /> In view of this, and in conjunction with the fact that everything is now an apparent sight revival of the 80s, you must be impressed by the foresight of this movie. Of course, we have not arrived there yet, because it's terrorists, not the mainstream media, who bought us readily available programs with real human death, but you just have to wonder how long it takes for a manager to decide, if that is so He can find a way to put on a show that fulfills people's desire for entertainment and the desire for curious curiosity.
