Of all the Arnold films of the mid-80s, which would have thought that the most relevant today would be The Running Man. A frightening and surprisingly realistic story of reality television that has gone crazy. It may have been far-fetched, but not anymore. Not if you think about it. Reality TV shows are currently on the cusp of the barrel or they really want to raise the bar. If the next is no more controversial than the last, it's a dudel. How long will it be before we really see shows like The Running Man? How long will it take us to have "judicially ordered theater lawyers" or the Ministry of Justice's entertainment department? There is so much satire and intelligence in this film that may have been overlooked in 1987, which is urgent given the current status of TV programs. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is 'You are lied to'. It is no secret that the government and the media work in Cahoots. And the masses believe what the media should tell them. It's a very scary fact, and if no more accurate representations of the truth emerge, we'll easily accept a brutal show like the Running Man in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. It is edited and redesigned before broadcast, and only the networks want to see you. Usually it is far from the true truth. <br /> <br /> Although the book is quite different from Stephen King's book (the end is completely changed), the script corresponds to the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has numerous and seedy one-liners, and he says, "I'll be back" (which he NEVER REALLY said, if you think about it) would have been better in the role of Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren (these two were considered before Arnie believed it or not). The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It's not artistic, but strong enough to cause a stir. Its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each set a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) was attached to Glaser, even though the director is still clouded by a very serious 80's feeling. <br /> <br /> First of all Harold Faltermeyer he?) is incredibly outdated and robs the action scenes of timeless integrity. And the fashion sense of the film is far too exaggerated to be convincing in the future. Apart from the dated feeling bothers me only the poorly staged shootout as a highlight. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a tenth of a second better than the original release. Walk is the awful mailbox picture. In its place is a brand new anamorphic transmission of Hi-Definition 1.85: 1. The colors literally sparkle and jump off the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtracks are also amazing. The constant use of the surround channels is great and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best masters I have seen so far. Two intriguing documentary films, a trailer and a "Meet the Stalkers" gimmick are included in this 2-disc set, which comes in a rather neat protective case.
