I'm still new to the crime genre and the only one I've seen before was the earlier and somewhat disappointing "The Dead Eyes of London", which did not bring much hope to the rest of the world genre in me. Had I seen this for the first time, the feeling would have been different, as The College Girl Murders is a bizarre and rather crazy attempt at a crime film; It's great fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that puts so many crazy and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to bring it out in style. The film begins in a lab where a mad scientist invented a new toxic poison that kills his victim and makes them look as if they had died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal thinker who breaks down ordinary jailers to carry out his murders with this poison (and then put them back in jail). As the title suggests, it is a nearby college full of girls, providing the most victims. There is also a mysterious monk in a red robe breaking with a whip around his neck. <br /> <br /> Of course with such an act; This is not a serious business, and the director knows very well that the film is very funny, which makes the plot good. The fact that there are so many different pages in the storyline unfortunately means that not everything runs smoothly. However, this is not a big problem as things are always going well throughout the movie and there is always enough to interest the audience. The atmosphere is great and the color scheme is also good to look at. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and the man obviously has a great imagination. The places you are in are also great. Even though a murderer's shelter with a variety of wild and exotic animals is of no importance for the plot, it does help to give the film that extra something. One can not expect a conclusion after all that is going on in this film makes sense. But the reason for the murders makes sense anyway and is a satisfactory way to bring the movie to a climax. Overall, College Girl Murders is an excellent little puzzles and highly recommended!
