Prussian gas, a murderer wearing a red Clansman suit and hood and wearing a white whip, and the murders of college schoolgirls led by paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious mastermind who was sharing his face in an office Turtles and fish turtles are hidden. The inspectors of Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) have their hands full with this case. Everything seems to revolve around the student Ann Portland (Uschi glass), who will inherit a lot of assets at the age of 21. The girls who are sighted are sharing a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders is still a mystery to what SY should best clarify. The girls dorm staff seem to hide everything, and certain members of the faculty fall victim to the murderer in the red monastic robe. They are so talented that they strangle the neck of those who are attacked with the whip. Two prisoners are assigned by a mysterious man to use the newly generated poisonous gas produced by a scientist who was murdered at the beginning of the film during an alleged money exchange for his creation. It's a clever scheme in which a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner), meets the convicts (who hide in a barrel) who are assisted by a corrupt jailer. Commanded blindfolded in the secret room of the mastermind, he gives them instructions as to whom to kill. Uncovering this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John, because it will lead them to the truth they seek in the murders and why they happen. Under suspicion are the headmistress of a girls' dorm, her writer's brother, a sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, a snoopy gardener and the bannister. Some are red herrings until they are eliminated, and each time the viewer is looped until the real mastermind is discovered. The end has several turns. <br /> <br /> From the thriller movies I've seen, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to the college girls with its colorful killer, a confused plot that has many surprises and potential suspects, and adult followers in the dorm. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this special thriller movie, with the rogue mastermind's secret hiding place with an alligator pit (which is not in use), the fake bible / water pistol fires when opened into the fire the face of the stunned victims, the Greaves' Royles Royce whose flaps obscure the windows without seeing the passenger in the back seat, and the peepholes spied on the girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many may consider Sir John a duty because of his clumsy, buffoonish behavior, and how he often undermines Higgins' ability to come to the truth (.. Maybe he enjoys knowing all the know-it-alls that hurt a case more than that to solve). I felt he was used as a comedy relief, especially in his attempts to psychoanalytically analyze suspects and potential victims, which was often misunderstood what he was told. Higgins uses the skills he has taken as an investigator over his years instead of the clues / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. A capable direction by the reliable Alfred Vohrer, who keeps the tempo at a comfortable pace, and the script is full of interesting characters and garish content. The fact that so many adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect could cause any one of them to lead the whip or shout after the killings of the murdered girls. I would say that this could be one of the best (if not the best) example of the thriller genre, because it always lets you guess, always an ace up its sleeve. The revelations found at the very end are an eye-opening (and you even get a literal unmasking of the true mastermind who pulls the strings to top it all off).
