This is probably the fastest and most action-packed of the German "thriller" series by Edgar Wallace, a mix of the Dr. Ing. Mabuse films of yesteryear and '60s pop thrillers like Batman and the Man of UNCLE. She reintroduces the outrageous villain from a previous film that wears the habit of a stylish monk, breaking the victims with the lock of a deadly whip. In a classy girls' school full of horny professors of middle age and with the cops, who on every occasion caress their secretaries on all mouth, this is certainly a return to these wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a clear link to a later film by Wallace, the outstanding Giallo "Whatever Happened to Solange?", Which also concerns female students who are corrupted by their elders (and they are corrupting?). Fully attuned to the monk theme, the Master Spirit villain uses biblical Bibles to perform some of the death strikes, and also maintains a reptile dungeon to amuse his captive audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most playful and visually flamboyant director in the series, and here is the glaring color film the real star of the show. The monk appears in a thunderous, scarlet hood and robe that gracefully lifts the shiny white whip as it appears against purple night-time backgrounds. There is also a voyeur-friendly turquoise pool, which looks good both as a bright environment for the young students and as a shady backdrop for one of the murder scenes. The trademark "Kicker", to hide the "end" card somewhere in the set of the last scene, is also memorable here. And for retro music fans, there is a beautiful, brassy and dubious score. Fans of the series will definitely miss the funky Eddie Arent character in these later films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John takes over the role of the buffoon. He is convinced that he masters criminal psychology after a few night classes. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski had also done bigger and better things. The crime thrillers had lost some of their fancy subversive charm at this point, and now worked on a much blatant pop culture level that makes it accessible to uninitiated audiences.
