Life begins and ends in a typical 1930s maternity / recovery ward, where we see 48 hours in the lives of several high-risk pregnant women, those by Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell, Clara Blandick (Aunt Em), Vivienne Osborne, Dorothy Tree and Gloria Shea are waiting for their birth. While the film has play equipment that is widely used today, when the maternity wards are much more controlled and limited, it offers a retrospective view of the birth of a typical urban hospital in 1932 for our grandmothers and grandmothers. Grandmothers I found the film fascinating and extraordinarily moving. <br /> Strangely enough, the most outstanding performance in this film comes from a male actor, the young Eric Linden as Jed Sutton, husband of Grace (Loretta Young). What an actor! As a father, Jed is desperate and uncomfortable for the first time with hospital staff who appear to be cleaning up his worries about his wife, possibly removing crumbs from a cafeteria table. I felt his concern very much. I would like to see more of this actor's work. He had a very emotional voice that made Gone With The Wind memorable. In this movie, Eric played the young soldier whose leg was amputated without anesthesia. The shouted: "Do not cut! Do not cut!" when Scarlett escaped with horror from the hospital. Another great achievement is Aline MacMahon, who plays Miss Bowers, the nurse. Her character is an earth-type salt, the kind of nurse we all want to get for our hospital stays, which is constantly violating hospital rules to show a more humane side of the medical profession. <br /> <br /> Loretta Young also did an excellent acting job here, a very authentic and heartfelt performance as Grace. Mine, she's great at these Precodes, I've come to appreciate her as an actress in recent months. Glenda Farrell played her role as a shrill, unmarried mother a little over the top in my taste (did not anyone know that brandy was drunk from a hot water bottle in 1932 could endanger the health of unborn babies?), But her character finally redeems herself /> <br /> Also in the cast was an unrelated Gilbert Roland, silent movie star, as a mourning Italian husband. His screen time was short, but notable. <br /> <br /> Life Begins is an absolute must try to catch on TCM at some point, but remember to bring a few handkerchiefs that you can be intimidated into. 9 out of 10.
