It's a testament to Gosha's incredible cinematic ability to complete Hitokiri and his impressive masterpiece, Goyokin, in 1969. It's a testament to how criminally undervalued he remains for the general public (compared to the media.) Favorites like the great Akira Kurosawa) that both Hitokiri and Goyokin have received fewer than 500 votes between the two. Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: mad dog killer, loyal to the Tosha clan and their boss Takechi, played by another genre, Tatsuya Nakadai. The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the emperor against the declining shogunate. The historical background is pretty accurate - with Japan's growing political turmoil between imperialists and Tokugawa and the pressure of the West to end a 300-year social and political seclusion. It helps a lot to learn about Japanese history and what ultimately led to the Meiji Restoration and the abolition of the Tokugawa shogunate, but it is by no means essential. The film was made primarily for a Japanese audience, so that certain things are taken for granted, but it is also well suited for the uninitiated. As you would expect from a Hideo Gosha movie in its golden years at the end of the 60s) the visual palette is breathtaking, the use of external and internal symbolism hides behind picturesque beauty. But style is never decorative to Gosha - it is always used in the service of history. <br /> <br /> Speaking of history, Hitokiri is literally and figuratively dominated by the tortured protagonist Izo Okada. Like most Chambara protagonists, Izo finds himself in a moral double bond torn between Giri (obligation) and Ninjo (natural impulse) - though it takes a while to realize what his Giri is. In the first half of the film Izo tries to develop socially. High demands for social rank and marriage to the daughter of an aristocrat - a great development for someone who comes from the background of a farmer in the rigid social caste system of the Japanese 19th century. <br /> <br /> The turning point for Izo, when he realizes the costs of self-advancement, is the loss of identity and therefore self-loss. At this point, he experiences a very symbolic transformation from a famous Tosha clan swordsman to a "nameless" drifter with no past or future, Torazo the Vagrant. Although not technically nameless and not a yogimbo-style genre drifter, it is the loss of his former self and the renunciation of ego, ambition, and self-indulgence that enable Izo to see things as they really are and to themselves redeem. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri ends (which I will not reveal here) in the best way a story can end: both positive and negative, with a deeply ironic twist that makes Izo last laugh, one last sardonic remark on the face of death
