Another Pokemon movie has hit the screens, and again I hear the same thing: "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." The critics of the franchise could not be more wrong. Children are still playing the trading card game, they still watch the TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games and they want to see "Pokemon the 4th Movie". <br /> <br /> The "Pokemon The 4th Movie" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, the "north wind" of the lore, and Celebi, keeper of the forest (and star of the show). Celebi is transporting himself and a boy named Sam 40 years into the future, until today, when Pokemon coach Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become fast friends as soon as they discover each other's mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with a screwed up top is a great moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of history. Team Rocket's agent named the name Vicious, which is hell-bent on winning Celebi for its own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from evil dark balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before? And who is Sam? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 films: If you go into the movie and decide that you will automatically hate him, no matter, simply because it is Pokemon (or just because) your child / niece / nephew / younger siblings / and so on (has "pulled you in"), then you will hate it because you have decided to hate it. That may be, but throwing away "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it's a Pokemon movie, and above all, without having seen it, it's just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without getting to know the world of Pokemon down to the smallest detail. I'm not saying that this movie will make you a Pokemon fan, but you can really enjoy it if you allow yourself. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokemon films, "Pokemon the 4th Movie" is being distributed by Miramax, whom I understand has been working on securing the rights to the fifth Pokemon movie which was released in Japan this summer. Miramax claims that there is a boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie," but all I've seen so far is a weak, limited release that does not include the usual Pikachu short at the beginning that I was really looking for I'm looking forward to this time. I hope that Miramax will at least enjoy the Pikachu short film "Pikachu's Exciting Hide-and-Seek" on the DVD / VHS version, if not with a future release of "Pokemon The 4th Movie". I hope the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
