The late 30's and early 40's were a golden age for adventure movies. With the increase in budgets during the economic recovery, the changes in video entertainment since the enforcement of the production code and the general carefree optimism of the times. While most of them were wild, superhuman and often ambitious wrongdoers like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in focus, girth and tone. <br /> <br /> The secret of Gunga Din is the division of labor in his writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of Hollywood's most talented and famous writers of the Golden Age. However, the real script was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom had a background in comedy, especially Guiol. What we get from these four is an action that is well balanced and appealing, but also cleverly provided with weird accents. Most of the adventure films of the time were at least partially comedies, usually with one or two supporting players supporting the comic relief, but they did not laugh like Gunga Din did. Here all the main characters can be objects or authors of jokes. We suddenly see the sinister threat posed to the bad people scattered as the scene dissolves into a carefree brawl. The first main battle scene is a well-balanced mix of action and gags in the style of the dumb Swashbucklers of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., who largely did not replicate the Flynn and Power vehicles. In the middle of Gunga Din, the action needs to take a break and there are plenty of talky scenes for the action. But the constant forays into the comedy? like the spike punch routine? Make this "slow" portion bearable. <br /> <br /> Producer-director George Stevens was a natural when it came to these kinds of things. He himself had cut his teeth in the studios of Hal Roach and directed almost exclusively comedy to this point. This was his first action feature, and he does amazingly good work. In particular, the use of moving point-of-view shots makes the fight scenes particularly exciting. He also brings something that you rarely see in action images of the time? a sense of true fear and fear. He sets this up with these stark and predictable mountains that dominate many of the shots and put the figures in the shade. The depiction of the abandoned village and the Thuggee cultists call "Kali!" is really insistent. This dimension of fear plays a role in all the other emotions that are at work here, so we worry about these likable characters and make the comedy a greater relief of tension. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius is in how the eponymous hero is presented to the public. We are made visually aware of Din because he is prominent in a series of scenes before one of the characters actually addresses or verbally refers to him. For this reason, we have the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a remarkable character and extremely sympathetic as we see him risking his life and giving water to the dying. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are all without a capable cast. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din has a first class! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideally suited to the material, as their best roles were generally somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. In particular, Grant is at his best, largely believable, but only occasionally breaks into that exaggerated wheezing and awakening that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite on par with his heavyweight mates, but he's not bad at all. And of course, there's Sam Jaffe, cursed by his eyes, to play those darn little disgusting balls forever, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I have not focused on the adventurous adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and indeed, many of her images are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of these spinners could not achieve. Not only does it refrain from the dashing male lead role or the clichéd defiant girl, but it combines the action genre successfully with comedy and poignancy, as few pictures have done before or since. And that's fabulous.
