I did not know everything in my youth that you could know about this movie in general, but the way I made a movie was not what really grabbed my attention, making this movie one of the most popular movies The day I've ever seen was heroism, courage and the honor of serving in your Majesty's service. This film is not always what it seems, and maybe that's how it should be, but I can not say enough for the courage it shows Sgt.Cutter to defend the uniform that he, too, would have sacrificed his life, to save from the danger of threatening her and the troop with the emergence of this group of refugees. <br /> <br /> To be sure, Sgt. Cutter is the kind of individual you could suggest something about, and then you observe that clear belief not only in itself, but also to Her Majesty the Queen of England. I think for all his lust for money and that this character was great. A reckless brave brave soldier who knew no fear. I think that Grant was outstanding in this role, really a very capable task that was made convincing by the uniform he wore. I never had the feeling that Ballantine was a shoe in, in fact, there was so much faith in the assumption that you may not have to look close because it's still just a picture. What can I say? This picture is still a movie and how the times in which these events take place and when The picture was actually taken to look at how things were done then and why or why there are so many different opinions that this movie will distract your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equal from time to time. These three seem to do things pretty well, and I think it's a useful, even enjoyable interlude, when Ballantine has a date with fate or so seems to be just about fate have as you should have done. Is it believable? I dont know. I think it's apt when the company escaped the death prisons in Tantrapur and they pull their tail flanks as they approach the main gate to the regiment post, when Ballantine allows the other two to know he's leaving the service , marries and goes to the tea shop. MaChesney says he could sign up for another 9 years. It will make a man out of him. I like that feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is no doubt what it means to have courageous, reliable brave soldiers who represent your best interests. Where does this goal end? These interests are so well placed, which is It is important in this world that I enjoy this picture today as much as I might have enjoyed at the age of ten. I had not known until quite recently that this movie was true as I went down the story and found information about Kali. There is a lot to learn. However, once everything is said and done about the historical significance of the Goddess of Kali, this film takes on a quality that I call intelligence. This is a very honest attempt to convey a belief. What is the attempt? I think that's an excellent movie. Directed by George Stevens. <br /> <br /> There are a few things to keep in mind. I do not think all the information will go along with the story if the journalist is approached, since Mr. Kipling can make things very emotional, since everything else is characters, but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens has given everything to convey a time and a time in which these events actually took place, it will not only pull you in, but you'll have to understand why we love Gunga Din so much. The Black Watch is in the distance in front of them and they are approaching a very safe danger and a possible defeat, unless the troop can be warned is badly wounded and Ballantine and MaChesney are restrained. A deep wound at the base of his back as a result of a bayonet being pushed deep into his body from behind is a demand to warn the colonel of imminent danger. An effort worthy of our most sincere wishes in this lifetime is increasing Din slowly and manage to climb the steeple that rests as the top of the Tuggee Temple. The Sound of the Gunga Dins Horn Alerts the Approaching Army It comes to a dramatic and tense position that, when Gunga Din lay dead on a cairn that his bullet-riddled body now shows, Sgt.Cutter says, a good working-class soldier. I do not know any dramatic moment We also do not know what sacrifice means when the troupe is warned of the impending danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climatic. It's the legends of who Gunga Din is and what he means Now to the revered men in uniform for whom he is willing to sacrifice. Ballantine knows his heart and asks the Colonel to take care of his conscription papers, and that makes MaChesney very happy that the Colonel is honest and puts the conscription papers in his pocket for treatment. The Colonel says in the place where Now all are gathered, that we have all done enough soldiers for a long day, and commented on how satisfied the efforts in the defense were. MaChesney says he would rather get out of the Colonel then get a Bloomin medal. This is a very sober point and then he comes to Din. Now here's a man who has no status, so I'm going to appoint him a sergeant, and his name shall be on the roles of our dear dead. The poem I read as if it were just Kipling's writer standing with the chief and the rest of the men at the tomb. Gena Din Bravo!
