The film was shot in Movie Flats off Route 395 near Lone Pine, California, north of the Whitney Portals road. There are still splashes of cement and iron beams plastered over the rock where the sets were built. And you will recognize the area from every movie by Randolph Scott. <br /> <br /> I will not deal with the story because I'm sure it will be treated elsewhere. The film features three athletes - Fairbanks fils, who must have learned a lot from his father - Grant, an acrobat in his youth - and MacLaughlin, a professional boxer from South Africa. Her physical abilities are all shown. <br /> <br /> No moment in this movie is to be taken seriously. It's about Thugees, a sect in India, from where our English word "Thug" is. I can not go over all the feelings of happiness in this film, but I should probably point out that director George Stevens was a polymath with a background in Laurel and Hardy films to the infinitely long dissolves Shane and Anne Frank's journal. Dynasties rose and fell. Geological eras came and went as Liz Taylor and Monty Clift kissed in "A Place in the Sun". Here, in his comic mode, he is distinguished. <br /> <br /> This is a history of male bondage, and it would be easy - too easy - to read into homoeroticism, as is the case with Howard Hawks. Or misogyny. But that's not it at all. Sometimes things that are displayed on the screen do not deserve so much heuristic attention. Men will form bonds by working together in ways that women do not. (Women share secrets.) Read Deborah Tannen, nobody suspects an anti-feminist. Well, if you think about it, it should produce evolution. For most of human history - about nine-tenths of it - hominids were hunters and gatherers, and men tend to hunt and gather the women. Hunting is more effective as a team company. Men who were not particularly well-connected were Darwinians, leaving men with a lot of team spirit. And Grant, Fairbanks and MacLaughlin made it so. I'm sorry to touch on evolution, but I'm an anthropologist and it's an occupational disease. Did I ever tell you about the horse in Vaitongi, Samoa, that slipped on the cement and fell into the bathtub with me? You have to pay attention to the hooves. Joan Fontaine is really lovely. I got to know her later, wondering why she was in so many movies. I lived in Saratoga, California, where her sister Olivia DeHavilland grew up and attended a convent school. Nice place. <br /> <br /> If you miss this adventurous, lively, farraginous chronicle of British empahh at its height, you should never forgive yourself. It is so famous that it is parodied in the Peter Sellers movie "The Party". Yes - the colonel has learned.
