Anyone who has a little boy in the house and does not see black-and-white movies should show this on their TV. When the child comes by and wonders what makes all the screaming and shooting on the screen, tell him that this is an adult picture and that it's not big enough to look at. That will hold him there for a few minutes; Director George Stevens and his team will hold him until the end. <br /> <br /> I think my dad did that to me, and I'm the better man for it. This classic adventure yarn, cast during the British Occupation in India, features a trio of Army sergeants who see their close union as they prepare to marry his sweetheart. Help comes in the form of a vicious Thuggie revolt against which the soldiers unite. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" was one of the greatest films from Hollywood's most beautiful year of 1939. Even more than most great movies from this golden year, it's entertaining in a very instant and accessible way. The theme music is immediately a buzzing nirvana. While working on cinematography in California (the only thing in Gunga Din that got as much as an Oscar nomination), the camera has a grandiose size that feels like a Raj a hundred years ago. The battle scenes are shot in a very realistic way, not too violent, but very messy, as people fall and shoot and run in every corner of every frame, making them feel real and not like a Cecil B. DeMille Biblical slaughter br /> <br /> The script not only sets up action scenes, but also develops the relationship of the three NCOs with great humor. The focus is on Sgt. Cutter, who chases big stories of golden treasures. It's a rare actor for Cary Grant, and his lightness is just right for a movie that never takes itself seriously, even when it develops tense tension. <br/> <br /> The trio is anchored by Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who talks about his elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own hare. He's just as funny in his own way and leaves Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., with a nice Errol Flynnish shot) as the one with the love interest and reason enough to know he has to chew and grow up his boyish buddies. <br /> <br /> If "Gunga Din" was a lifetime movie. It would be Joan Fontaine's effort to rescue her husband from his two losing friends and their destructive hijinks. But since it's a movie for boys, the accent is on how the threesome stay together and save Ballantine from a fate worse than death, not just marriage, but because Cutter gets outraged several times, including the tea business , > <br /> The political correctness police in this film are tough, not so much on gender issues, but the idea that British soldiers are saving poor Indians from the evil Thuggies. It smells of colonial apologia. Fortunately, this film was made at that time, and the producers had no reason to formulate the obvious liberalism at the center of the film, that these three sergeants, who are so full of ridicule and false racial pride, have to be rescued with the rest of their army by one humble Bhisti had only one of three times when he asked her for consent. With all the dizzying fame, the film's real victim is the title character, which is so heartbreakingly played by Sam Jaffe. When this movie was filmed, the movie mogul Jack Warner had a saying: You want to send a message, use Western Union. Still, it seems the news in "Gunga Din" was fast and furious. I'm watching the movie now, wondering if the audience was going to ask what Gunga Din was really up to when he was leading Cutter to the Golden Temple. Did he really plan revenge on his British masters? Would he have justified that, especially considering the cold treatment of MacChesney? When Col. Weed presented this eulogy, the poem by Rudyard Kipling, on which the film loosely based, was it a sign of the folly of imperialism to talk about someone who turned out to be "a better man than me"? What did they do with the great guru's speech, which was held in perfectly truncated English: "As soldiers, you vowed to die for a belief that is your land, England. Well, I can for my country and my faith as ready to die as you ... India, farewell. "<br /> <br /> Of course, the same character also appoints his brutal followers:" Kill for the love of killing! Kill for the love of Kali! Kill Kill! Kill! " Which means that we can hate him and hate the British, and raise the questions about what it means for later. <br /> <br /> What "Gunga Din" means to me, above all, is the fastest, safest 90-minute video thrill ride. Cutter has never found his Golden Temple, but there is one for all of us watching Gunga Din.
