I would like to give this movie a 10/10, but in its present condition I can only go to 8/10 tops. Post-code editing (read: destroy) of this movie guarantees a 2-point error. <br /> <br /> Baby Face was apparently one of two films that finally broke the camels due to my limited knowledge of film history, and brought the full rage and enforcement of Production Code in 1934 into play. (I do not know what the other movie was.) Therefore, the film was never re-released in its original incarnation after 1934. It was cut into pieces and cut into pieces, and no original version is known today. The best we can see today is the version that shows TCM (Turner Classic Movies), which obviously gets worked on in several scenes and has a really disappointing "happy ending" knocking on the end. All in all, the movie is still great and a lot of fun. Barbara Stanwyck is as always absolutely fantastic and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful. She only owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father, who looks to her like local Erie, PA steelworkers, and local politicians equivalent to "pimps," if you do not close mine. I'll let you sleep my daughter. 'When the father dies in a fiery explosion near the beginning of the strip, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. After the fire Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maid and goes to New York City. She has a skyscraper in her sights and literally starts working upstairs. She starts with the Human Resources Personnel and sleeps with him to get an entry level position at the bank. From there she sleeps with each man after another (including a very young John Wayne), using every new man to land a higher paid job on a higher floor of the skyscraper. Stanwyck stops at nothing as she climbs up. It's great fun to see her and her girl dressed up in fancy clothes and flats as Stanwyck pushes up the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulating the vixen in this movie! If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping to see the George Brent figure (Courtland Trenholm) die in Stanwyck's arms. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! The "happy ending" knocking on post-code viewers at the end of the film offends the audience's intelligence and lameness that one can not believe: the members of the bank sit at a table and present their donations from Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm the bank and how they live happily, but poor in Erie, with the former Vice President Trenholm, who now works in the steelworks - just the footage of a steelworks that we saw at the beginning of the film - "The End" , PUH-LEEZE - LIKE LAME! The film originally ended with the success of George Brent in his suicide attempt. I think the end fits much better to the overall mood of the movie than the post-code ending. <br /> <br /> I definitely hope that a printout of the original pre-code version of this strip will be discovered during my film lifetime (Update: The original was found and should appear on DVD and / or TCM in 2006! ). Until then, I enjoy the TCM version and turn it off before the end of the Lame-o-Post code.
