Director Alfred Green's melodrama "Baby Face" starring Barbara Stanwyck is one of the most infamous of the pre-code films. These films were produced before the 1934 Production Code Administration could enforce their rules. Scenario writer Gene Markey and writer of "Midnight Mary" Kathryn Scola wrote the screenplay for Mark Canfield's story about the ups and downs of a movie girl who gained wealth and position in society with his sexual charms. Incidentally, Mark Canfield was a pseudonym for producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These pre-code movies seem to be tame today, but they sparked controversy and contained more racy material than most movies until the code began to erode in the late 1950's. The themes that the filmmakers deal with are women versus men, women versus women and women against society. Our clever protagonist makes enough Skulduggery that all subjects are about the same. <br /> <br /> Lily's worthless father Nick Powers (Robert Barret of "Distant Drums") practices an illegal speaking voice during Prohibition when the thirteen change made alcohol tolerable. and brew his own schnapps in one out. Nick is such a disgusting guy that he outwits her beautiful but hard-working daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck from "Night Nurse"), but Lily refuses to help her father with a bad local politician. The politician. Ed Sipple swears that Lily refuses to accept him. Later, Nick chews out his rebellious daughter. Lily accuses him. "Yes, I'm a swindler and who is to blame, my father, a boost you gave me, nothing but men, dirty, lazy men, and you're lower than one of them." No sooner has she stormed off than Nick dies as he still blows up and kills him. Lily and her African-American maid Chico (Theresa Harris of "Arrowsmith") pack their bags and drive with the first cargo leaving the city. <br /> <br /> No sooner did our heroines arrive in New York than Lily uses her charm to get a job in a bank. Director Green visually shows Lily's sly ascent on the ladder with camera angles moving upward until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. Eventually, Lily breaks a marriage between a bank official, Ned Stevens (Donald Cook of "The Public Enemy") and his fiancée Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") after Stevens had almost fired her because she had flirted with her boss, Brody (Douglas Dumbbells from "His Women") in the staff toilet. Lily is extremely smart and manages to get out of any debacle better than before. The Board of Trustees appoints Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") as President of the Bank. The first thing Trenholm does is let Lily pay off instead of having her diary entries published by the bank's higher clubs. In addition, Trenholm sends Lily to her chain store in Paris, where Lily does not make a fuss until Trenholm arrives and they are romantically connected. Lily fights with everything for everything she's got, and hates throwing everything away, but in the end she sacrifices everything for her husband. Ironically, Lily winds up in the same city she started in, but Trenholm and she is happy now. "Baby Face" is considered one of the top five pre-code movies. Look for John Wayne, dressed in a suit and tie in a scene.
