The pre-release version of "Baby Face" from 1933 would be an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Lily Powers, backed by a professor from Nietszchean, rises from the life of simple virtue in her father's speakeasy to a quick rise to the career ladder of a large bank. Since every rung of the ladder is an executive whose brain is under the belt and whose ethics are anchored in the vault, the film has no victims except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive exploitative father. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motive for using men to move forward regardless of their fate. While Lily's approach is cynical and obvious, the men she targets voluntarily betray wives and fiancée to exchange jobs for sexual favors. Perhaps bankruptcies in the 1930s were less economic than morally corrupt executives distracted by ambitious women. The action moves quickly, and the camera moves amusingly from window to window in the facade of the office building as Lily climbs higher and higher. Barbara Stanwyck reveled in hard, hard roles and is in great shape here. The feeling does not intervene when she is ready to climb the next rung. Only her African-American confidant Chico receives Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, played by Chico, should have the men throwing at them the furs and penthouses. Stanwyck is often over-makeup and stiff-coat compared to Harris. Despite Stanwyck's harsh behavior, obvious tactics, and artificial countenance, she manages to leave a trail of betrayed and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook, and young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is the 76-minute restored cut. The edited release version of the film timidly turns away from the hard facts that the longer cut restores and makes explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a presumptive name, intended a lesson by quoting from Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. Despite lecturing and advising Alphonse Ethier not to be defeated by life, Lily is likely to care more about power and money for her upbringing and her father than for her professor mentor. But philosophy is just a distraction. Short, fast and entertaining, "Baby Face" is as modern in its morals as "Wall Street". Replace Gordon Gecko with Nietszche, and Lily would have described her guiding philosophy as "greed is good."
