This is an important pre-code movie? by the director who later made the musical biography THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid sci-fi INVASION USA (1952)! ?? and has one of the best early roles of Barbara Stanwyck. <br /> <br /> She is supported by a good cast that includes popular actors and cherished character actors of the day. George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point Stanwyck with the eponymous nickname, derived from a popular song that is constantly heard throughout) in the first category and the latter Robert Barrat (as Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (as her most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as her senior mentor later more), Arthur Hohl (as a lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (chef's and father's cook). Law that also seduces Stanwyck). Oddly enough, scenes that featured Walter Brennan were deleted at their own request when the film got into trouble with the censors! <br /> <br /> Torn off by crackling, ie typically hard-boiled dialogues and realistic Anton Grot sets, the narrative contains unexpected overtones of the Nietzschean philosophy, which were fed by the intellectual Ethier to our small-town heroine (Stanwyck complains prematurely that she no "Ball of Fire" is, which of course contradicts her later comedy, that of Howard Hawks and Co- with Gary Cooper of that name!). Under Ethier's auspices, she quickly blossoms into a basically heartless character, destined to be nothing on her way to success; The symbolic representation of her rise in the New York firm, with which she is finally busy, reminiscent of a similar sardonic. in terms of the ambitious state desire for power lust? in Sergei Eisenstein's October (1927)! Sociologically it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen pulling her neck out to her black maid / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the movie is just terrific; At first I found the last stages a bit disappointing? because I expected Stanwyck to win her comeuppance with the belated George Brent character while ignoring her? But like the others, he is soon under his spell! At second glance, however, this aspect felt less disturbing. It is obvious that Stanwyck was affected by the two deaths that caused her selfish behavior, and that her term in Paris eased her (even as she tried to cling to her hard-won wealth for as long as possible) The film will be released on DVD by Warners as part of its FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION. The film is presented in two strikingly different edits. a recently unearthed pre-release version and the Tamer Theatrical Release printing. Among the notable footage from the latter are dialogues that relate to Stanwyck's life as a 14-year-old wanderer (though it can be heard in the accompanying trailer!), While many other scenes have been shortened (ie censored in content): the violent storyline that straddles Stanwyck and Hollow develops after resisting his progress; the seduction on the wagon; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Cook's Stanwyck; the shooting, followed by a suicide (in the shorter version only shots are heard); Stanwyck ponders her conquests as the phonograph plays (again, only Brent appears in the cinematic version), and so on. The latter then uses alternate scenes for some scenes? and includes an attitude shot of the city, which is missing in the longer version; However, we also get an obviously attached happy ending (the pre-release closes abruptly to a very effective perpetual note) and an equally unconvincing warning sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which basically has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche !
