"Baby Face" is a pre-coded melodrama with the very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to do something good ... Stanwyck's father, for some reason, pimped her life in grubby, depressed, dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After the death of her father, she advises an elderly dad who knows what she's been through and really cares about her future, going to the big city and taking advantage of opportunities - and not the simple ones - and walking the path of life. (Note that I've seen the censored version and not the uncut one - this part of the movie was redone for the censors.) She and Chico (Harris) are going to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that The low road is softer and will take you to where you want to go much faster. In the movie's most famous scene, the camera takes us to the corporate ladder by taking us from floor to floor while Lily sleeps upstairs. She finally takes the big man into her own hands and can give up her day job. There is a problem and she will soon be involved in a huge scandal. Stanwyck wears lots of make-up and for most of the movie he's as cool as a cucumber, seducing one man after another without remorse, and she's great to play the innocent victim. In one scene she gazes with a black dress that looks like it's adorned with diamonds at the top, in jewels on a king's ransom. Then she asks Chico for another case, and that's full of more jewelry and securities. Everything on a working day. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be downplayed or glamorous and was also a talented singer and dancer. Here she sings or hums through and through the theme of the movie "St. Louis Woman". She has worked in dozens of films and, as a friend of Stanwyck, is very well here, her best work in the Precode era. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks often received fewer tasks in films after they were introduced. <br /> <br /> Precode films could be sexually blatant and therefore, even though they are over 70 years old, they look more modern. Although these films did not have a moral end, Baby Face learns their lessons - as life is. There were several ends of this film, all with the same message. The one I saw had an extra scene, but apparently there were two other ends the censors did not pass. (There was no code, but there were always censors.) Anyway, it's a nice surprise. "Baby Face" is an important movie in film history - a must.
