Even though we know how the story ends, this is a gripping movie that looks almost like a political thriller. In the silence before the storm, we meet Hugo Chavez as a charismatic, larger-than-life man who has an indelible link to the mestizos, who make up 80% of the population but have previously been excluded from Venezuela's political process and oil wealth. He seems as devoted to them as he is to him. He travels the country at a hectic pace, reaches for the campesinos, addresses huge crowds, embraces and kisses ordinary people, picks up letters on scraps of paper, and hears requests for help. People are thrilled that one of their members has reached the highest office in the country. There is an electrical sense of hope and optimism that change comes for the better in the impressive barrios. <br /> <br /> But not everyone is satisfied with the situation. The purely Spanish elite of the Castilian Spaniards, who is a small minority but has so far controlled all wealth, is full of bitterness and resentment. One of the most funniest moments in the film is when Ann Coulter complains about the mestizos at a meeting of residents in an exclusive gated community, "they have no idea of ​​fight or sacrifice". Minutes later, a speaker calls the meeting: "Beware of your domestic workers - they could be followers of Chavez". Moron! Of course they are. In a late-night interview with the film crew alone, Chavez reveals something of his soul as he tells his grandfather's story. He can be an empathetic, poetic person, albeit with a mischievous, even clownish sense of humor (as we saw when he addressed the UN and called Bush the devil). Then the storm begins to rise The rebels demand a mass protest and manipulate their supporters cynically to change the route at the last minute and march on the presidential palace. They know that it is surrounded by supporters of Chavez and violence is inevitable. <br /> <br /> Another element of the plot coincides when snipers on rooftops start shooting at Chavez's followers, some of them shooting back. Fox News' local counterpart shows this return fire, claiming that Chavez supporters are massacring protesters. Then the camera pulls back and shows that there are no demonstrators - the street is empty! The protesters took a different route. Needless to say, the footage on The Empty Road was published by the angry private anti-Chavez TV stations (which had been broadcasting propaganda amateurs who labeled Chavez mentally ill and sexually fixated on Fidel Castro.) Immediately after the coup The Ringleaders and their media propaganda champions brag on television that they have manipulated the situation with reckless disregard for the lives of fans and opponents alike. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers continue to be at the center of this chaotic, rapidly changing situation as the military coup surrounds the palace and threatens to bombard it. Chavez finally gives himself up to avoid bloodshed, but refuses to step back and is kidnapped to an offshore island where a plane is waiting for him - where to? The US How can the remaining Cabinet members avoid arresting and defeating this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing generals and very wealthy businessmen closely associated with the Bush administration? Watch the movie and find out! <br /> <br /> If you know only about Hugo Chavez and Venezuela that you are from the US media, you know nothing. He is not an "unelected tyrant" and not "by decree" - he is hugely popular, he has been reelected and re-elected several times with more than 60% of the votes (which George Bush Junior has never achieved) and reverence. He inspires the people in Venezuela ultimately to the failure of the coup. <br /> <br /> This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an exceptional situation. The art of filmmakers is to be unobtrusive and tell the story through the voices of the Venezuelans at every level, from the barrio to the presidential palace, the turbulent scenes, the chaos and confusion that creates a coherent whole that is exciting and exciting to let it unfold and move Not to miss!
