I'll go through the two films as a whole because I think it should be that way and look at it. When I talk about 'the movie', I'm talking about parts 1 and 2 when viewed one after another, as it should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro. <br /> This movie is a refreshing, brave, pithy and true movie. And it ends in a new way of filmmaking. No faux drama. No swelling soundtrack. Not faux documentation style. Just clean and try to stick to the facts. I read Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" and recently completed the autobiography of Fidel, and this helped me get through this film properly. But I have to say that it's Jon Anderson's exhausting, penultimate, and wonderful biography that has given this film the right historical background. Anderson was a consultant for this film (or these two films). What makes this movie so right is that it's clean. No swelling music or slow-motion photography to enhance the drama, and more importantly; no fake documentary shaky camera. Only square shots and straight shot style. The type of camera used makes you feel exactly in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should receive full credit for that, I never doubted him as a che throughout the movie ... not once. He has done a wonderful job and I will respect him for ever. Some people complain that the film is only about two parts of their life and not the whole thing. But I think that's one of the truly beautiful aspects of this movie: it's not trying to be everything. It does not try to "tell the story". A person's life is too versatile to try in 2, 4, 8, 16, or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this movie. He resists this temptation and focuses on the intention to give us a sense of CHE, his developing military thinking, and the forces around him. It focuses on 3 time slices: The Battle Against Batista, Che's U.N. Speech and gorilla preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" already told his young man, and I congratulate S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects instead. I keep referring to Jon Anderson's book and the movie remains true. The only weak point for me is the casting (not the performance) of Matt Damon. In a movie packed with lifelike performances, an American (Matt Damon) who plays a Bolivian is a chunky track - he does it well, but after so much care in the casting, that was an exaggerated thing. Small and completely forgiven. The reality of the rest of the casting, and especially Benicio Del Toro's amazing job, places this movie at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film became almost direct to the video says something about how the Cold War ethic never allowed the "revolutionized Cuba" to become what it possibly was would, keep his story calm. If not from the secret moaning, then from the effect of a properly made propaganda that has made this subject biased. This is a must-see, and Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" is when you get a sense of the early impact on global thinking about the expansion of international / political moves of the 1940s, 50s and 60s Those who have exerted unjustified pressure on our South American neighbors, and the impact, you must necessarily read it promotes.
