This is such a fantastic movie, a western about a selfish man (Jimmy Stewart) looking for gold for the Klondike. Along the way, he is molested by a local sheriff in Alaska (John McIntire, who gives a wonderfully evil performance), whom he throws back. McIntire threatens that he will be a dead man if he ever comes back through his city, which is unfortunately the only way back to the States. The main part of the story is about the peaceful Klondike town of Dawson, which has been turned upside down by new residents of McIntire's town. For example, Ruth Roman, who has come with Stewart and his two companions (Jay C. Flippen and Walter Burning, Stewart's best friend), is building a salon (a Hollywood façade for a whorehouse) and trying to locate the city's restaurant to take time out of the business. It clears the way for McIntire and his thugs. In 1953, Jimmy Stewart and director Anthony Mann made one of the highlights of the Western genre, The Naked Spur. The Far Country is just a bit smaller, and it contains 99.9%, which makes this movie so special without of course feeling like a cheap copy. Like the naked spur, the distant land offers beautiful film footage on location. The landscape is beautiful. Stewart gives one of his best performances (almost equal to his greatest success of 1954, Rear Window). I suppose it could be considered a cliché as it begins a selfish loner and finds out how this kind of existence will eventually work. Nevertheless, Stewart plays it so damn good that he makes this character very human. And the supporting services are universally fantastic. Apart from the ones I mentioned, the adorable French actress Corinne Calvet is very good. And I should also pick out Walter Burning. He seems to have specialized in playing best friends. His relationship with Stewart is very touching, as he is the only personality who can produce every humanity in the cynical man. The script is very well written, and Mann's direction is impeccable. A masterpiece. 10/10.
