Perhaps the most brilliant thing about Che: Part Two, as we begin to integrate him with Part One, is that there is no clarity about why Che decided to escape Cuba confidentially after the revolution, not an allusion to his experience In Congo, no clarification as to why he chose Bolivia as a later coup d'état, not an allusion to the political decisions he had made as a young motorcyclist through South America that Walter Salles had publicized. Particular attention is paid to Che meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. However, there is little attempt to discard them as individuals, to establish involved relationships. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che leads an indestructible teaching so as not to leave behind any wounded. But there is no feeling that he is deeply involved with his men. It is the concept. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, the rebels in Cuba are welcomed by the inhabitants of the villages. They are provided with food and cover and are supported in a victorious revolution. There is not much understanding here in Bolivia. Villagers expose him. They protect government forces, not his own. When he deals with the loneliness of the state medical system, his audience seems to be uninterested. You can not lead a people into the revolution if it is not willing. Soderbergh shows US military advisers working with Bolivians, but does not owe the United States for Che's collapse. Che seems to have upset his fight and the place where he wanted him. <br /> <br /> In presenting both wars, Soderbergh does not construct his battle scenes as actions with specific results. Che's men attack and are attacked. They exchange fires with distant attackers. As a rule, the group is circumcised in the aftershock of the fight, and their fatalities are not paused. This is not a war movie. It is the unreasonable desire of a man to endure. There is no elaborate cinematography. Soderbergh looks hard at Ches inflexible commitment. There are remarkable sporadic visceral shots, but as few as they are, they are all the more powerful as Ches POV did during his last beats. There is a plethora of terrain where these men live for weeks, and the all-consuming effect is boring, Guevara himself sometimes has malaria. <br/> <br/> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives the performance of a champion, not least because it is modest. He is not depicted as cutting edge like most epic heroes. In Cuba he appears in conquest, in Bolivia he falls to the other side and is occasionally difficult to recognize, behind a tangle of beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates less an identity than an attitude. You may think that the movie is too long. I think there is a real reason for his breadth. Guevara's affairs in Cuba, and Bolivia in particular, were not a series of episodes and sketches, but a perseverance that could practically be described as insane. In the end, Che is, in whole or in part, a commercial spherical film in which the director begins to understand the limitations of the cinematic biography and gradually work with those means.
