Part II, or earlier known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not as entertaining as in PART I, because here we begin to observe what might have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am impressed by the cause and effect that both parts have in their interconnected stories. We are reminded again and again that the main character Che Guevara is an Argentine. Some of the men in Fidel's army did not choose to take orders from a foreigner, and since Che decided to leave the comfort of victory to continue the Bolivian revolutionary, he does not receive much respect from his new army and natives. Just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, Part II would have been helpful, especially if some highlights from the Internet were displayed right after the card was displayed. An earlier edition, just to remember his characters and the what he did himself, to help the audience understand why his methods were successful in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. Now it's clear that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. Bolivia is a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not fully in it. It is said that the ingredient for revolution is love. Well, they do not make much of their land, so it's a hard sell. It is terribly painful and difficult for Che to get the others to buy into his vision. <br /> <br /> I like a particular scene in which Che's deteriorating state is depicted, a scene in which his horse would not go so much, no matter how bad Che is trying to steer it, and then it overcomes him, and for a moment there he forgets that he is a doctor, and he becomes a desperate soldier who stings his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be led. But, at the same time, the movie fades, and the movie relies on little cameos of familiar faces that you recognize only for the sake of brief conversation. Most of the time you will be hit by one obstacle after the other to the left and right, but maybe that's the intention of Part II, if so .. then it definitely works. Standing ovation to the cinematography, which gives us a first look at Che's last breath. This film may not answer the question of why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined that he could do it, even if the odds were against him and why he insists that South America has the same fate as Cuba, but the Film CHE is a story worth telling.
