I am surprised that I actually had the courage to see the biofilm "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban exile parents ever found out that I saw this movie about this vile mass murderer of the Cuban Revolution, I would be grounded for life. Hey wait? I am a grown-up, you can not ground me. Directors Steven Soderbergh and Newbie Commie (sorry Steven, but I had to record Soder here) divided the film into two parts of the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che collaborated with Fidel Castro's guerrilla crew in the mid-fifties to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista. This was, as we all know, a revolutionary success for them, but for many Cubans a gigantic guerrilla catastrophe when they revolted in communism. "Che: Part 2" features Che, who is trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by accusing T-shirts with his appalling bear face to T-shirt manufacturers. OK, I chat a lot of crap on your way! I wanted to say, the Che: Part 2 deals with Che in the late 1960s, when he tried to bring the revolution back, this time into poverty-stricken Bolivia, but with very different results. In fact, Che became a dead enchelada when he was captured by the Bolivian militia in 1967 and killed. Soderbergh is not related to the split of these two cases in Che's life, when he commanded the despicable prison La Cabana in Cuba, where he murdered many Cubans who were against communism I think Soderbergh has committed a cinematic injustice here by did not show the audience how cruel Guevara really was. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh would not charm him but show instead how disturbed he was. Soderbergh did not do that and sadly decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not: he was a sick man who thank God is now lying on the bottom of the devil's barrel. Now I must be objectivistic Re spectator and have to admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as a Che was extremely commanding and deserving. And this Demian Bichir, as Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance, was an insistent dead man. However, the rest of the cast of "Che" consisted mainly of mediocre performances by actors portraying guerrilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did it Sodebergh brought in a revolutionary mixture in a Spanish-speaking cameo performance in which a Bolivian delegate is represented? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic, which is usually "too much talk and too little action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We already had too much of Che, even posthumously, with these ridiculous T-shirts, so why give us too much more of him? But I guess if you have to Del Toro by the horns (as you have done here at Steven), I think that it is your salvation, "Che: Parts 1 & 2" not fully perform. *** Average
