I came to watch Guerrilla, the second part of Steven Soderbergh's biography of Che Guevara, without seeing the previous film, and more than a fleeting knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was pretty worried that this would be both a heavy history lesson and an incorrigible love letter to the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this movie has far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works remarkably well as a stand-alone movie. The story of Che's failed attempt to launch a revolution in Bolivia under military rule at the time is a compelling tragedy. The initial impetus, which was brought incognito by Ches arrival to the leadership of the guerrilla war, is lost, since the misfortune follows the misfortune. Chances are against the revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspected local people, and Che's health are just a few of the difficulties brought on by the burgeoning rebellion. Soderbergh's portrayal of Che is largely uncritical, but this film is not very critical is not hagiography. The style is refreshingly undramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias that gives a quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but there are very few close-ups of his face, and we are encouraged to see people at his side and sometimes fighting him. Wherever Soderbergh Ches wants to prove his virtues, we see it in small episodes like the faithful acolyte, who insults two guerrilla colleagues when they question Che's leadership, and emphasizes the sacrifice he made when he left Cuba again to fight for the revolution. > <br /> The direction is consistently outstanding. Part two feels tight despite its tight focus and can communicate much through images without a narrator having to formulate things for the audience. At the beginning of the film, we see a few short clips about wasteful parties in post-revolutionary Cuba and immediately give us the idea of ​​why Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrayal of guerrillas marching through the endless rainforests is a strikingly beautiful scene, helping to create a sense of the enormity of this task in front of this small gang of revolutionaries Spectators and Che who, though they allow us to appreciate the context of the uprising and the people around them, make it difficult for us to better understand him as a person. Right, Benicio Del Toro convinces in the lead role? So much so, that it's hard to remember that you're watching an actor, not the man himself. Looking at Guerrilla as a stand-alone movie, however, means that we have little insight into Che's thoughts, words and actions. It is hoped that this will be more apparent in the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I can not comment yet), and certainly the strength of the second part will make sure that I am looking forward to the prequel.
