I sat through both parts of Che last night, back to back with a short swim break, and I can not remember when 4 hours passed so fast. I had to psyche up in advance for a week because I have a real "thing" about directors, producers and editors who are constantly standing in front of long quasi-epics, and I feel that by and large this is 2 1/2 hours is about right for a movie. So for 4 hours, the limits of my tolerance seemed to be over, and I was very doubtful about the whole company. But I will say in advance that this is a beautiful one? Could I affectionately say? Made a movie and I'm really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh is to congratulate his clear vision. The fight scenes turn as if you dodged the bullets themselves. <br /> <br /> If there is someone in the world who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overtake Batista on the Cuban Revolution of 1959 in the fall of Fulgencio was a child in the 1960s, Che was everywhere; on bedroom wall posters, on t-shirts, on magazine covers. The image of Che must be one of the most exploited. If one relied on the famous pictures, Che was a very handsome type, the epitome of revolutionary romance. If he had been ugly, I should have wondered if he had been so popular in the public imagination. Of course, dying helps young people. <br /> <br /> There have already been films made about Che (in particular the outstanding motorcycle diaries of 2004, in which the unbearably cute Gael Garcia Bernal starred as a young Che touring South America and saw the endemic poverty made his Marxist Politics), but I do not think anyone has ever tackled the entire story from start to finish, and this two-parter is an ambitious project. I hope it's worth it for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that the immediate commercial success might not have been in his head. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows how Che Castro meets in Mexico and follows her journey to Cuba to start the revolution and in 1964 the trip to New York to appeal to the UN , Cleverly shot black and white images seem like contemporary film, but they are not. The second film (guerrilla) resumes in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film plays almost exclusively in the forest. As far as I can see, it was mostly shot in Spain, but I still think the movie was pretty exhausting. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a role he seems to have born. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that The Argentine (ie Part 1) was much easier to see and "fun" in the strict film is sense, because it is optimistic. You win; The revolution will succeed. Che is in his element a leading group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to see due to the inevitability of his defeat. In the same way as the youngest Valkyrie - though she is a good movie - she was an exercise to witness heroic failures, so I felt the same with Part Two of Che (guerrilla). We know in the beginning that he dies, we know that he is failing. It is frustrating because the way the story is told is quite early obvious that the revolution of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed to failure; Che is considered a foreign invader and does not associate with the indigenous peoples as he does with the Cubans. He is stubborn and frustrated because I thought he should have known when to give up and move on to other, perhaps more successful companies. The movie does not romanticize him too much. He kills people, he kills, he struggles with his asthma and follows a lost cause, long after he should have given up and continue, he leaves a woman alone and raises five fatherless children. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent exercise in classic filmmaking. A note; Watching the US-trained Bolivian soldiers mass passing by to search Che and his small group of warriors, it reminded me of Butch Cassidy's final. I almost turned to my husband and said it, but I hesitated because I thought he would find such thoughts unreasonable. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said "Did not you believe that the end was like Butch Cassidy ?????????????"
