Many reviews I've read reveal that most people like the first part better than the second. I feel the opposite. The first part played a bit with trying to find different ways to show the personality of Che Guevara using different kinds of footage, different locations and the back and forth between an interview and the Cuban Revolution. It was mostly well-structured, but slightly distracting. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia, and as the location changes, the rules and structure change. The spatial leaps and the switching between stocks, the "documentary realism" and the essays are over. Instead, we are now literally trapped with Che in a desaturated, depopulated landscape where the only people there are too much burdened with their lives, other than survival, is an option. I claim that it is the dark turn in Che's life that is the real reason why most people prefer Part One to Part Two. <br /> <br /> The geographic location for me at least means that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two are in fact the second two acts of a three-act structure that began motorcycle diaries. Motorcycle Diaries is Ches coming (or better suited, ideals) in Argentina, Che: Part One is his military leadership in Cuba and Che: Part Two is his downfall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we miss his experiences in Guatamala and, in my opinion, the executions after the Cuban Revolution), but they provide a very detailed examination of the controversial aspects of his character and his nature's global symbol. It symbolizes both idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failure in Third World countries after the Second World War and their obstruction through activities such as the CIA's interference. All this is projected in this case not by long dialogue scenes and speeches on the screen, but by a much more intimate, suffering portrayal of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case, it's hard to say if there was any chance of success. How often the camera shows people who are literally trapped between a rock and a hard place, and the desaturated, shaky, long steps entice the audience into the narration of people trapped in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where Ultimately, the revolutionary belief in second place is the despair of the hunted people starving to death. It's just not easy to watch a movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
