Right from the point where the story ended in the first part, so does the second half, in which the inevitable downfall and a much grimmer side of the man's heritage are heard. In direct opposition to the first part, the second part represents a shift from Che, the pride and glory of a revolutionized country, to a fighting liberator of a country to which he has no connections. The change of attitude is not only aesthetic; From the autumn and spring shades of gray in the woods, a tone and a change of heart come into play, replacing the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, battered and injured reality geared for a new fight. But, as Che would say, such a fight is best described as a fight. While Part One has undoubtedly contributed to the power of the revolutionary guerrilla to gain power, Part Two takes on a much more refined, bold and gloomy segment of Ches life and ambition, giving it a meaningful yet tragic account in a tangible, easily understood way. <br /> <br /> Although the sound of the film is somewhat different in some respects and drastically different from Part One, there is still the same documented approach that was taken a month ago and avoids melodrama and manufacturing as much as possible. This somewhat distant, cold approach to telling Che's story and fight will undoubtedly scare off some viewers; In fact, I'm still reluctant to see if the feature itself should be named after a man or not. If anything, the entirety of Che as a whole provides a story that transcends mere biography and instead documents a man's struggle. Those who helped carry him along the way. Soderbergh by no means tries to paint a humanist portrait here, as Hirschbiegel did with Downfall half a decade ago (excuse the ironic opposition); Che is a slow, reserved and meditative approach to telling a history lesson that happens to be told by the one man who did the job well. <br /> <br /> But he moves from the lush green of Cuba's landscapes and the retreat into the gloomy, decaying scenery of Bolivia for the second part. History inevitably takes on a distinctly contrasting tone that does not stand out too much from its predecessor, but enough to give it its own reference points. Here's the basic structure of Part One - there's the first fight, the battles, the fallen comrades, and the recruiting of those they're supposed to replace, while we see some glimpses of the man behind the movement. As anyone who has the vague notion of the actual story behind the feature will know, the second part will be destined to end with a much less disturbing and disturbing note. This difference, combined with the similarities to Part One, makes for a compelling and memorable whole; In any case, both could be digested (and kudos for Soderbergh as such) the way they are, but as a statement, Che delivers exactly what he wants to achieve. <br /> <br /> In fact, all that has made Part One to the enjoyment that had been there a month ago is still to be seen here, from the subtle but compelling performances from the central cast to the slow Buildings, realistically structured combat scenes - the drama inherent in the characters on the canvas Just as vague and imperceptible, but with such a function, Part Two proves again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily hurt a movie if there is enough action and reflection on others Elements are present to occupy the viewer. When I wrote this review, I was not sure if I would just add or exclude one or two paragraphs from my first meeting for the first part and refer to the meeting as a whole. Nevertheless, I felt that this would only serve Desillusion Those who can sit down to see the entirety of the two films in succession. <br /> <br /> With this word, I can not really decide whether Che is up to the task of gaining an audience for its over four-hour stretch, but looking at both segments I can at least testify to each part's ability, exactly to do that. With a reflective, intricate screenplay, combined with endless hypnotizing photography and nuanced performances that do justice to the characters of the film, without attracting attention, Che Part Two is as convincing and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic, but uplifting, affirmative conclusion for the historical sides of the film. <br /> <br /> - A Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
