Part two attacks ... not where the last movie left off. As part of the quasi-conventionality of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event, Ches's two stories are told as classic scenarios "Rise" and "Fall". In Part Two, Che Guevara leaves his job as a bureaucrat in Cuba and goes to Bolivia after a failed attempt in the Congo (which is only accidentally mentioned in the film) to start another jungle-style revolution. Things are not going so well planned, probably because of Ches then notorious stature as a communist and revolutionary, and partly because of America's involvement with the Bolivian government and, of course, that Castro is not. It's really a good backing for Che. <br /> <br /> The second part of Che is sadder, but in some ways smarter than the first part. This makes sense, as Guevara has endured low morale from his men, treason in the area, constant blunders from grunts and nearby peasants, and ultimately the encroaching greater military force. Even sadder is that Guevara, no matter what, will not give in. You might think of this as an incredible strength or a fatal flaw - maybe both - but it's also clear how to start seeing Che, though not perfectly rounded, then a little more sympathetic. Although he killed and executed and felt entitled all the way. And yet it begins to act on the viewer in the sense of a primitive level of compassion; The sequence in which Guevara's health worsens without medicine, resulting in a shocking stinging of a horse, is considered one of the most memorable and satisfying of any film this year. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's narrative is strong again, if occasionally a little sluggish (understandable due to the long term), and one or two scenes feel totally weird (Matt Damon?), but these are minor commitments. This time it is about the pure color camera, it is almost like a pure militia war picture, which with great care for the men in the group and Guevara as Lord is told about this group and how Things are disappearing in the last scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every beat that knows this guy so well - for better and for worse - that he comes as close to incarnation as possible. Overall, the two parts of Che make an impressive package: story as a drama in a captivating style, good for an audience, even if they do not know Che, or better, if they do not appreciate him. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
