Ironically, the most talked-about American film of the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% Spanish. The controversy of the overlong film began at the Cannes Festival. There was hate news and considerable doubts about the commercial prospects. To the comfort of the star Benicio Del Toro received the award for the best actor. Of course I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's "Che". As it is said in this version, which was shown in New York as in Cannes in two over two-hour segments, without the title or end credits being opened. 'Che' is certainly appropriate as Ernesto plays "Che" Guevara in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive and dependably hangs through thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in part one to months of humiliating defeat in part two, appealing and simpatic in all its various manifestations, even disguised as a bald, gray man following himself Bolivia sneaks. It's a terrific achievement. One wishes, it would have a better attitude. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to stand the four-hour break with a break between the two sections, there are rewards. There is an authentic feeling everywhere - luckily Soderbergh has decided to shoot in Spanish (although some of the actors, oddly enough, especially in the English segments, are made of wood). You get a good overview of what the guerrilla warfare looked like in the Che style: lessons, recruiting campesinos, morality, discipline, toughness and struggle - as well as Che's gradual conversion from company doctor to full doctor. flieger military leader. Using a new 35 mm RED RED digital "high performance cine" camera, just in time for filming, enabled DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce images that are a bit cold, but sometimes still sing and are always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film consists of two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "films" and it is planned to release them commercially as such. The first is "The Argentine," which shows Che's leadership in jungle and city battles that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is "guerrilla." Che about a decade later in Bolivia concerns the failure of his Revolutionary Efforts, a fruitful mission that led to Guevara's arrest and execution in 1967. The second part should have been the original movie and was first written and, I think, first shot. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is more of a thriller, while the first part is more of an action movie with big fight scenes. Yes, but both parts have much in common - too much - as both spend much of their time tracking the guerrillas through rough terrain. Since the Bolivian uprising, guerilla has been doomed to failure from the start. The Cuban group, which tried to take the lead, was not warmly received by the Bolivian campesinos suspected of foreigners and considered the Cuban Communists to be godless rapists. There is a third part, a kind of solemn black-and-white interval, that comes from Ches speech at the United Nations (1964) and interviews with him at that time, but that is intercut in the first section. The first part has also Fidel and is much more optimistic, which led to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During 'Guerrilla' I was always thinking about how this could work as a high-quality European-style mini-series that could start with a shortened version of Walter Salles 'Motorcycle Diaries' and then Guevara's fateful meeting with Fidel in Mexico and the convocation on August 26 would lead the July Movement. There could be much more about his extended travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from a complete picture of the man, his interest in childhood at chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international reputation is only touched. And what about his hard, cruel side? Soderbergh is really not interested in Che, but in revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the 4+ hours will be left is to roam the woods and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and to be idealistic in ending the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that he was reminded of Terrence Malick's The Tin Red Line, and yes, the snaking, episodic fighting approach is similar; But "The Thin Red Line" has stronger characters (hardly anyone except Che), and it's a really good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and unfortunate effort. <br /> <br /> This eight-year-old, intensely researched love work (how many more oceans have to pay for it?) is a vanity project too long for a regular theatrical version and too short for a miniseries. Radical editing - or a big extension - would have made it more successful, and as it is, it's a long slog, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It's clear this slogging may have been reduced down below is not so clear which shape the resulting movie should have had - but with a little luck it might have been a good one.
