He usually skips everything from the coup in Cuba to his covert entry into Bolivia. The second part of Soderbergh's portrayal of Che Guevara is the tragic hero. As with Che ?? First part, this rather sprawling guerrilla fight through the colorful mountains of Bolivia will probably disappoint more than satisfy people. Why was the movie (and especially the performance of Benicio Del Toro) praised so loud in Cannes? James Rocchi, for example, called it a work of art that is "not just the story of a revolutionary," but "a revolution in and of itself." Guard Peter Bradshaw called it a "flawed masterpiece." Do I return to my original dispute for Part One? The value lies in particular in the representation of a hero figure. And at a time when poor hero heroes are overwhelmed, would not it be salutary to see a very honorable man, even though he has robbed some of the lesser episodes of his life? This is the psychological hero enshrined by the great Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle in his seminal book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But should really inspire us to higher goals, for a higher purpose. Compare this to the unrealistic "heroes" of western Western storytelling: where does a person undergo trials and harassment before receiving a barely credible reward? mostly eternal love or material wealth? as if through divine studio intervention. Real heroes have an excess of moral courage? not Lost Ark dare devil egg or James Bond super toy. They rise and empower others to rise to be the best they can be. In the first part Che is successful. In part two he fails. It is not for lack of moral courage, but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) can be human, mistakes are inevitable. Guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed when he equates conditions that justify an armed struggle with conditions that make this armed struggle a success. It's a serious misjudgment. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. Che-Part One occasionally lacks authenticity that Mise-en-Scene lacks (the US would not allow Soderbergh to shoot in Cuba). The visual effects are maximized by the natural light and extreme flexibility and flexibility Groundbreaking Realism Increases RED Cameras. This is a high performance digital camera with 35mm quality and pure digital comfort. The package is designed for flexibility and functionality and weighs only 9 kg. "Turning RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees the way I see ... so organic, so beautifully tuned to the most natural phenomenon." If Che had stopped the successful Cuban Revolution, he would have enveloped him with an almost mystical invincibility. That he fails in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations, but also his moral virtues, not the political triumph. Critics will say? and on some grounds - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to tin-pot dictatorships. Its development of guerrilla tactics is not good or bad in itself (and has since been used for both). Despite all praise, however, the film often seems to lack dramatic and narrative tensions. We stumble from one escapade to another, knowing that at some point he will find his death. I looked at my watch and thought it could have been shorter. But the work that went into this work? Interviewing people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara's ex-comrades to coach actors on the minutiae of Bolivian operations? make the movie a commendable performance. While not prime-class entertainment, it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant portion of the story. <br /> <br /> There is another very important point in the Che hero character. It's about failure. If you try your utmost, even if you fail, your effort will not have been in vain because it can give others hope and moral courage. One could cynically call it a "martyr" complex, and of course one finds it in many religious personalities. But Che does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, to the best of his ability, and is an example of that. Success or failure in a particular case becomes mere details. <br /> <br /> With the longstanding and illegal blockade of Cuba by the US (all in the name of "freedom"), I am tempted to write Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted in the US , But that would lead to a claim that the film is so seriously trying to avoid. One must hope that many viewers will have the ability to view Che without politics and the inevitable bias. Whatever his mistakes may be, it rehabilitates Soderbergh from the populist nonsense of the oceans 11. But if you have not yet heard of Che Guevara or seen Part One, or if you can not overcome the phrase "Murder" Marxist ', without Mouth foaming, I could hardly imagine what you would get from this movie. The same is true for many who have and can.
