Admittedly, I'm not a passionate student of this genre. In fact, I've always held myself back from Western, because they seem to shoot me forever, despite all the critical gestures of America's primal stories (or whatever), into boring retreading attempts by both Injun, "" The Big Gunfight, "or" Hey Let's make a posse! "In other words, it always seemed to me a genre that was so deeply rooted and bound to convention that it left little room for surprise or originality. (And yes, I've seen at least some of the so-called" greats "and them Invariably thrown into this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and, of course, the infamous Clint Eastwood) -Sergio Leone team in the 60s.) <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV - as a part a memorial weekend Jimmy Stewart after his death - I finally got it: I understand it at least theory what the Western myth has to offer as a serious thematic occupation (apart from just action and tension) .It is the push between lawlessness and order The American West represented freedom, but also the prospect of the savage, the uncultured, respectable people out there injured Which, of course, meant that perhaps - just maybe - it was not meant for respected people, and that the only inhabitants should be the amoral and the cunning, the ones who strictly gave justice out of the barrel of their revolvers and kill or kill them would ever be the law of the country. In such an environment, of course, the true heroes are those who are unconventional and free-spirited enough to be out there at all (and thus reject "society", at least as it manifested on the East Coast). And yet you have enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is simply NOT RIGHT. I believe, I believe (after seeing this film) to capture and investigate this inequality between law and disorder, the highest and truest goal of a West. Unfortunately, it's often not the case, as the white hats are completely white, the blacks completely black (and let's not even start talking about the Indians, ok) and in between there are precious little shades of gray. <Br /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant lucky hunter who follows in the footsteps of the miners in front of him into the wilds of Alaska to look for gold. Added to this is his lifelong buddy, played by Walter Brennan (maybe the western stereotype character to finish them all off - but here, as always, enjoyable) - and no one else. You're clearly on your own, and while Stewart shows his patented charm (we could never really dislike the guy, can we?), We have little doubt that he's basically a selfish, selfish person. Interested character: None of his humanism "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" is allowed to get through. Or rather it must be earned at the end of the picture in the manner described above. He must face lawlessness and weigh them against the need for order and justice so blatantly absent in the border town that serves the miners as the starting point of their gold-dust trail. This city is ruled by its evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "Bad Guy" performances I've ever seen. He comes up with so much charm and humor and so has a relaxed and interesting contact with Stewart that it actually takes a while to realize he's the bad guy - and when he finally sinks in, he does it twice power. By establishing an airy (though necessarily guarded) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the film conveys the idea of ​​how close they are in temperament - and how far a moral distance Stewart has to cover by the end of the film is enough. <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the twists and turns that take the plot - see for yourself (and the rough and beautiful scenery of Alaska - filmed on location, mind you, not cheap painted statues.) that the studio has made). Crucial here is how much this story focuses on the character, with dialogues and interactions between characters being replaced by gunplay most of the time - though the movie has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from becoming static (see : "talky"). Definitely one of the greatest accomplishments I have seen of Stewart, showing that he can play the man's renegade as convincingly as the decent and upright fellow next door. If anything, his "everyman" qualities lend more force to his characterization, rendering him less mythical or exaggerated - such as Eastwood or John Wayne - and more of a three-dimensional personality. His relationship with Brennan is well-played: restrained yet touching (with a faint hint of George and Lenny from "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different kind of "western"). <br /> <br /> I certainly have more westerns to see, but this is currently my favorite and the standard by which I will necessarily judge all the others. It deserves to be much better known and accepted than it is.
