I think the filmmakers who brought us the penguin march had great expectations for The Fox and the child. From the severe winters of the South Pole to the luscious wilderness in France, the narrative is now partly documentary and partly magical. She tells of the friendship between the two title characters, Renard, the Fox, and his friendship with the child who baptized him. played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is frankly simple, and sometimes this film would have looked like the many Japanese films in which children and animals who became friends after the development of the trust make a friendship. They go around and hang together with the respective opponents and people. Here, the child encounters the elegant fox near their mountain home, which provides many beautiful postcard shots that a cameraman needs to go into the overdrive to capture. <br /> <br /> But while we indulge in a wistful setting the characters who can not build that trust from scratch, and we have to wait a few seasons past and 45 minutes in the movie before becoming a leveler in the movie Find food. The child is persistently trying to make a connection with the goal of taming the creature for its own pleasure, but the fox, well, of course, as a different idea. While I thought that the narrative was rather weak, unlike March of the Penguins, who has this human narrative interpretation of what goes on screen, the documentary elements of the film, which characterize the life and times of the film Tracing foxes as predators. and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, the latter were given more suspense and drama, especially when it came to traditional enemies like wolves, and these sequences were pretty intense, especially when the child was pinched. Otherwise, it was easy to sail and rather boring, as the two of them play together and play in recordings that you know have worked on some movie magic. There were surprisingly dark moments in the film that were not really suitable for children, as the people in the same hall witnessed this with sudden eyebrows, so parents might notice it and not disturb their toddler doing the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> As a film, I would have preferred that this is a complete documentation. The march of the penguins, but I think the way it was rejected probably had the goal of warning us not to interfere with nature, and that some things just should not be and should remain as such. A decent movie based on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and the numerous foxes that played Renard.
