THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by Frenchman Luc Jacquet from the MARCH OF THE PENGUINS. The film, in which there is only one human being, the young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of the rather rare but seemingly credible relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Nature documentary and part of the fairy tale, the film focuses on L'Infant, the child who one day encounters the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting on the way to school, possibly in France, although the exact location is never mentioned. In the coming weeks, the child will visit the place where she hopes her fox, hopeful that one of those days will see the said fox, which she will once again call Lily. And so it continues. The days become weeks, and then summer disappears, autumn and winter, and great cinematographies of the vast, white winter landscape are offered. At some point spring comes again, and the young child finds his fox and actually starts a friendship with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little or no expectations for THE FOX AND THE CHILD. I had seen MARCH OF THE PENGUINS and was simply overwhelmed by the film footage contained in this film. Luc Jacquet is a hugely talented and indeed rare filmmaker, and I expected fantastic, stunning footage, breathtaking views, and brilliant wildlife shots. This was delivered in spades. But here Jacquet has a good script, and since I did not know anything about the movie before the show, I expected something different from what I had seen before in March. A fictitious story. <br /> <br /> The kid and the fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and seems to go to school alone every day, apparently without worry in a seemingly perfect world. Without the advice of an adult in sight. Brilliant. She joins a fox. <br /> <br /> With a movie like this, you have to reject your own opinion about the film and head into the pedestrian zone of the target group. This is a movie that is aimed directly at children over the age of six. Or for families who want a visit to the cinema with their race on a wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who gets kicked out of movies like the youngest, brilliant WANTED and the like. But as a freshman in London, I followed in the footsteps of an excited eight-year-old girl for about 95 minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD. Now I have some problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old guy and faithful lover of all things cinematic, I loved animal and landscape photography. It is visually stunning. The direction of the animal figures is brilliant - as good as you'll see at Attenborough. As an impressive, brief attention that I was eight years old, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is a bit repetitive and in some places quite scary and bloody scary for a younger child, especially the rather dark ending. As a 31-year-old man, I was a bit scared in some places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a kids movie. It's not really an adult movie and I felt a little disappointed. Is it a good family movie? Depends. It may be instructive and the movie carries a message. It's definitely not a movie I would pay the hard-earned Green to see, and I rack my brains to try and recommend it to a certain type of filmgoer. It's hard, but I know that some will see and fall in love with this movie. It feels very European and if you are a fan of wildlife movies, give it a try. Doubts? Well, I would wait for the DVD to spend a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
