I really wanted to have this movie and I do not think I was very disappointed. As an American history teacher, I felt almost obligated to see this movie, and as for the story, it was not bad. Sure, there were a few mistakes here and there (especially on the timeline - the movie seemed to last only a few months or maybe a year - not more than six years of fighting), but the general spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film ALSO contained a rather meaningless subplot that included a difficult-to-understand romance between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. For the most part, it really served as a distraction from the entire storyline and seemed simply "pinned down" - like a plot rather than a true romance that is honestly too good. In fact, as much of the romance came down to the silent cliche of "love at first sight," it was somehow annoying the more I thought about it. <br /> <br /> Despite this romance The film is really interesting and inspiring - and in many ways it seems that the much later movie THE PATRIOT was copied from this Griffith movie !!! Both films followed the exploits of a wicked leader who fought for the British and used cruel and evil tactics against the civilian population - and both had the secret intention to use this as a "springboard" for the establishment of their own nation in the US !!! The only big difference is that this movie plays in the north and THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It would have been nice if Mel Gibson and the rest had acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for the story ideas. It does not seem too likely that the two stories were created independently. <br /> <br /> PS - Although I liked this movie and some other Griffith movies, it did NOT deserve to be heard again. "Burn in Hell" because white actors are all black servants in the movie! This is a sick and bigoted thing that Griffith has done in so many of his films - especially in the BIRTH OF A NATION. On this basis and the way he portrays Black, I have to assume that he agreed to slavery and was pretty much the apologist for this "weird device" (do not be mad at me - this is called sarcasm).
