I waited until July 4th because I wrote that. , , Well . , , because it just feels right to do it that day. <br /> <br /> 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a goal, he had not had a big goal since ORPHANS OF THE STORM (1921). Since then he has been working steadily, but his films have been smaller in size and have failed to hit the right note in the audience. He was planning a film about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by members of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR), who asked him if he could expand his ideas to capture more of the American Revolution. This movie is the result. When he was done, he had a 14-hour history lesson and there was no trace of Patrick Henry. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Revolutionary War, but Griffith threw a love story with a Patriot farmer Nathan (Neil Hamilton) falls in love with the Tory aristocrat Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, for many years a leading lady from Griffith). Things get complicated because Nancy's father hates Nathan. , , Well, not only Nathan, he hates all the rebels. It does not help if someone bumps during a battle on the streets of Lexington someone at Nathan's arm, which means that he fires his gun and accidentally hurt Nancy's father! embellished) story of Captain Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore), a renegade British officer who believes that he owes anyone loyalty. With thousands of Indians forming the Six Nations on his side, he hopes to crush the colonialists and become the monarch of his own empire. Comparisons with BIRTH OF A NATION (1915) are inevitable. The Montague family might as well be the Cameron's from the previous film, while Nathan could be part of the Stoneman family. The sequence of the Battle of Bunker Hill is very similar to a scene in BIRTH OF A NATION with the attacking army, in this case the Redcoats, staged storming a container filled with patriots ditch. The only thing missing is Henry Walthall, who has run through no man's land to put a flag in the barrel of a cannon. Amazingly, the fight scenes in America seem to lose the energy of battle scenes in BIRTH and not attract the audience. Something is missing clearly. It is not scope, G.W. "Billy" Bitzer's camerawork is pretty good. Maybe something is missing. , , dare I say it. , Sincerity? <br /> <br /> The brutality of Captain Butler and his men is well underlined, although much of it occurs in the long shot or in the offscreen area. Do not expect heads to be cut off in close-up, as we saw in INTOLERANCE (1916). In a scene Butler's deputy Capt. Hare (Louis Wolhiem) blindfolded a colonist. For the rest, the camera focuses on Hare's face as he obviously has a good time doing so. Lionel had worked with Griffith since 1912. It is said that he turned to Griffith and D.W., who knows the reputation of his famous family, said: "I do not employ stage actors." Lionel answered, "And I am nothing like that, sir." He makes a very good and quite believable villain. Louis Wolhiem appeared three times with Lionel's older brother John; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE (both 1920) and later in THE TEMPEST (1927). When Captain Hare its wild, staring eyes and his tousled hair mark him not only as a villain, but also let you think he's pretty crazy. Neil Hamilton later noted that America was traveling on horseback for the first time and "I was scared to death." However, he hides his discomfort very well and we can believe that he was pretty much the rider at the time the filming was over. Mr. Griffith was in love with Carol Dempster and once asked her to marry him. She refused and soon left his stock company, whereupon her star status gradually subsided. <br /> <br /> Talking about horses: A randomly amusing moment, which had to be blank, came during the presentation of Paul Reveres ride. He rides his horse right on a family's porch and announces, "To the poor! The regulars are coming!" But when he tries to leave, the horse can not reverse the steps and stumbles by spilling his rider on the ground! I am amazed that Griffith did not take another take. <br /> <br /> So is America a classic? YES! Do not wait until July 4th to see it, it is always pleasant.
