In 1930, Europe was in quite a shock when Luis Bunuel's "L'Age Dor" was released. There was rioting in Paris when it was shown there, and it was banned for about forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe had overcome the shock, it was again filmed with "ecstasy," a symphony to be loved. The film starred a young, unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed her name to Hedy Lamarr when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, an Eve, a young bride who was just getting a cold, distant Married unmarried husband (played by Emil Jerman), only to discover that she made a big mistake. A divorce later on, Eve is free of fantasies and free of fantasies, and one day she's off when she dives thin into a lake when she discovers Adam, a handsome, young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who has a real fantasy for her ( and she, has him)). After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband reappears and hopes to win Eva back just to find out he has a rival now. I will not spoil what happens. The Czech director Gustav Machaty (who directed the original version of "Madam X", another parable in romantic obsession) comes from a screenplay by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty from the novel by Robert Horky. The velvety cinematography of the film (which reminds me of Avant Gardes photographer, Man Ray's photographs from that period, which are used for an impressionistic use of light and shadow), comes from Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich. The film is edited by Antonin Zelenka and his director of Art Deco style (Bohumil Hes). If I have anything out of the ordinary about this film, it is Giuseppe Becce's music score that creates an exaggerated melodramatic feeling that gets old quickly (certain themes are repeated over and over again, almost --- like some of David Lean's) Use of certain musical themes, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr.Zhivago'). A few years back, a brand-new restored print made from best-quality raw material, made from a variety of existing European prints, restored the possibly closest version of the original appearance before the Vatican condemned it as a "convict." decadent "(yes, right ... as if the church had never done anything wrong), and the Hayes bureau cut it into tapes when it was finally released in the US in 1936, in a" Hayes office Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (mainly visual experience) Not rated, but contains this notorious nude, skinny scene by Hedy Lamarr (tastefully done, mind you) and some suggestions for sexual content (as well) these days would hardly deserve a PG-13 rating - worth a look if you're interested in early European cinema or avant-garde / experimental cinema
