I can not comment on this film without discussing its meaning to me personally. As a child, my health prevented me from ever going to the movies. I came across Roger Manville's magnificent penguin book, "Film," for the first time at the end of World War II, which gave me so much pleasure as my health improved, and I wish I could buy another copy today, once again to read. My introduction to many classic films such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's Terrific Documentary), Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr Caligari and Ecstasy; came first through this book and later in my university art house. Ecstasy had suffered the wrath of the Vatican for excusing Eve's desertion of Emil, the subsequent divorce, and the brief momentum she was enjoying, but Roger Manville ignored these insignificant things and discussed the film as a triumphant, extraordinarily beautiful one Love image section - a view repeated by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw it, I agreed willingly. Until the introduction of home videos, there was no other opportunity to see Ecstasy. Until then, it was a cherished memory that should not be disturbed. Recently, I finally added ecstasy to my home video collection and found this assessment very superficial. Ecstasy is much more a parable about the continuity of human existence against which the life of the individual is insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw has called "the Lifeforce" in his aggressively agnostic writings. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy portrays a young bride marrying a middle-aged man whose sex drive is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and gets a divorce. Soon after, she experiences a strong mutual attraction for a young man she meets while riding. She's making love for the first time and it's an overwhelming experience. Her former husband can not refuse and propels the young man in his car with the intention that a passing train will kill both at a railroad crossing. However, the train stops in time and the obviously ill driver is taken to a nearby hotel, where he later shoots himself by shooting himself. After these exciting climacteric sequences, a mild, predictable and almost inevitable end emphasizes that the life of the individual is both joy and tragedy, but that collective life continues to drive us forward in its flow, and only by contributing to that current can we really be happy. This story is banal, the drama is no more than appropriate; and usually such a movie, like most of his contemporaries, would have disappeared long ago in the trash. What gave Ecstasy its classic status is an extraordinary cinematography, a lyrical score throughout, and a very careful love affair combined with something random, but cinematographically very important - it appeared shortly after the introduction of the sound and was probably planned as a silent film. It has subtitles and its director has exploited the effect of short verbal sequences that accompanied some subtitles and occasionally broke into the score, which so lovingly advances the film. This not only makes it almost unique, but also extremely worthwhile. The parable in the story is constantly emphasized, but so subtle that you become fully aware only when you reflect after looking at it. For example the names - Eve and Adam; the obsessive behavior of Emil on his wedding night, which shows that Triviata has become the most important thing in his life and presupposes his later suicide, since he has no reasonable purpose to support him; the continuous series of beautiful sequences of erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key entering a castle, a breaking necklace during Eve's virgin love affair with Adam, etc.); and the final post-suicide sequences, which may have been filmed in many different ways, but highlight the importance of the work to each individual who contributes positively to society, as well as to the creation of a new life to sustain this society after ourselves , <br /> <br /> As a film from 1933, I would rate the film as 9 - even if I compare it to contemporary works, I would not reduce it to less than 8. For me, the film will always be a "must do" (though you may feel that my comments above are biased in this judgment.) Unfortunately, the North American's assessment of this film was due to Hedy Kiesler's extreme reaction in the 1930s Very short and relatively unimportant nude scene that she found difficult to live in Hollywood (some critics who clearly have not seen classic movies like Hypocrites). Hula, Back to God's Country, Bird of Paradise, or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille mistakenly called this the first actress actress in a feature film, a scene that was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have changed little if the director chose to rewrite it it was a Czech film that was published there in 1933. Se A last message that hard work brings positive benefits to society must have seemed very shallow to viewers when their country became the first victim of Nazi repression a few years later and was virtually destroyed for at least two generations (I can not remember that those sequences were shown immediately after the war, when I saw this movie for the first time - were they removed from the copy that I saw then?). Secondly, for me today the main message is that things of real beauty are often very fleeting, even if their memory is kept alive for a lifetime. We should all be grateful that some of them can be captured and re-displayed with the camera today.
