First, we want to clear the "hoopoe" out of the way. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and the films were a perfect medium for many to see their beauty on screen. Here we have Hedy as a young freshman -faced 20-year-old spoke in her native Austrian. I recently bought a 1990 uncensored version of this classic from 1932/3. Yes, we see a short close-up of Hedy bared from the waist. Director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of branches, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show them in this famous scene; So, do not imagine that there are lustful close-ups or clicks. Her friend, Pierre Nay, always stops his clothes. Yes, pretty daring for his day, but how harmless it now looks in the eyes of 2003. <br /> <As mentioned in other reviews, this film should be examined for the imagination, expressionism and allegorical statements it makes with images of water droplets crinkling on the surface of pale water, agricultural machinery, Landscapes, etc. Sweet-sounding strings run the length of "extases," and the film has a "feel" of a transition between silence and sound in the direction and concept. The script is very minimalist and economical, and the story is mainly about the face and face imparted body gestures with just a few German words that are spoken by the actors with English subtitles. Even these few words are almost superfluous in the general lyric vein that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, this is the story of a young girl who marries a much older man (why are we never told, and what has Eve ever seen in him? money?), which is then not in one consumed and loveless marriage is trapped. Then she returns to her father after leaving her husband and father to lie to his son-in-law. After a ride with her horse, Eva decides to swim in the buff and loads her clothes onto the saddle of her horse. Whatever horse gets romantic ideas and gallops off to welcome his stable mate Out of the lake, trying to retrieve his mount, but an engineer at work sees and retrieves the horse and then looks for his owner. And so is the romance born. Since her husband sees that his rival must win Eva, he decides to shoot himself. But I thought that was rather illogical and his main weakness given his previous loveless relationship with Eve. <br /> <br /> Although a new title was released on VHS in 1990, the sound, which is 70 years old, is a bit soft and with background crackling, in line with movies of his age. After a mourning period, our handsome friend is obviously so in love with Eva that he imagines her as a mother with a child. So we have to assume that they are happy and always live on it. Just let the imagination wash you away and even distract the style of movies. This is a lyrical piece that can be coveted for its own sake and not just for its eye-catching title. I gave him 7/10.
