(It's not necessary to summarize the plot again, since others have already done so.) <br /> <br /> It's understandable that many viewers complain about the movie, because we are talking to the slam-bang sensurround of the movie employ today's Cineplex experience. Against this background, a movie like ecstasy seems to have invaded from another planet. I think there are different reasons why. <br /> <br /> Most importantly, the film unfolds poetically as the camera slowly pans over the surrounding hills, trees, clouds, etc., conveying a serene and lyrical sense of naturalness to the world, the man and women integrated into their fold. Together, they have a style and a dimension that are almost entirely absent in today's technology-based cinema, where fast-moving audiences distract the audience's attention and do not cause them to focus. Moreover, the story is conveyed through the eye and not through the ear, and there is almost no dialogue to explain what happened. This represents another extreme departure from today's literal fare, where visual elements seem to count only if they inspire the audience. But perhaps most disturbing - the movie is sometimes eerily quiet, not in the sense that silent films are quiet, as we expect. But in the sense that the characters rarely speak when we expect them. So the burden of the story is shared between the filmmaker and the viewer. The former must artfully select his pictures to convey the narrative, while the latter has to think about these pictures because they are not explained. <br /> <br /> None of this is supposed to detract from today's movie-making. It's easy to mention that a movie like Machatys comes from a completely different aesthetic than it does today. I do not claim to be even better or worse. However, I maintain that ecstasy represents a perspective that is painfully lacking in today's film experience, with such contemplative values ​​routinely dismissed as slow and boring. <br /> <br /> The film itself is not a masterpiece, though it sometimes reaches artistic heights, as in the beautifully composed beer garden scene, whose last crane seat rises to reveal the exquisite tableau underneath. Even the slow pans of the landscape with their pantheistic celebration of life, nature and regeneration are wonderfully expressed. These scenes do not overwhelm you, but - at a half chance - quietly accumulate into an experience that is memorable in their own way, like the spooky variety of a "Jaws". <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the film is sometimes stubborn, as if Machaty amassed the image data, especially in the end-ode-to-work sequence. It's hard to know what to think about this rather disturbing presence. Perhaps symbolism has to do with the heroic dimension, which has hard work for the loving hero and the people in general - a topic that is then promoted by influential Soviet cinema. Still, his presence here is pretty boring. Anyway, I have to admit that in the beginning I was attuned to seeing the beautiful Hedy LaMarr. But now I have to admit that I had so much more than just a peek-a-boo move in the forest.
