I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie - and I could understand that some can totally hate him (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people did not run out of the theater). After a first visit, I'm not sure I could fall into any of the categories, but as someone who can not get enough of Kafka and bizarre dark comedies of paranoia, The Tenant is effective enough for its duration. Or maybe not - this is one of the cases in which it would have been more of a masterpiece if it was a half-hour Twilight Zone episode, with Serling providing the coda, while Terkovsky (or whoever (?)) Gave himself in his cramped bed in bandages. It is very similar in treatment of the condemned protagonist as Repulsion, however, one could argue that there was more ambiguity, more of a sense of surrealism that results from a persistent disintegration of character and location (and, frankly, a better one) Performance) as the tenant. <br /> <br /> The Tenant, it looks like, has a fascinating premise, a way you never tire of telling other people: Polanski is a Polish emigrant to Paris, who is moving into a flat that has recently moved from to Paris Simone Choule, who jumped out of the window to her death and died shortly thereafter. But the other tenants are maximally conservative in terms of noise; After a Saturday night at Terkovsky with a few friends complains too much noise. It will not happen again, says Polanski's good-natured, but somewhat nervous tenant, but there is no rest, even if you move a cupboard or a chair. Soon complaints will be filed against another tenant, but from him? Can he register complaints? This is a case of not so much false identity, but there is a lack of inner peace with oneself and the surrounding people. As the downward spiral progresses, Polanski increases the tension (and I may say, black-funny laughs) by showing Terkovsky in the midst of a terrible dream - one of Polanski's most potent scenes from that era - and finding teeth in the wall keep silent about the bathroom on the other side (which I can add is always a cinematic linchpin of horror and surreal insanity.) But somehow the movie never feels so important in its over-design as a supposed thinking machine, the tenants say Terkovsky's only seemingly not what they seem to be for a while: there's not so much tension when you find out they're really not into it, which makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice I thought to myself: Why did Polanski take the title role? It's not that he's a bad actor at all, and he has appeared in several films and plays that are not in his own right. But apart from the fact that he's great at looking awkward and tense, like in the church, or in those moments when he somehow thinks he's really out to kill himself, his transformation is less scary than a swearword a test of himself to see if he can do it, which he does not quite do. Although Polanski worked well to look like the modest and crazy Terkovsky, I could at least see some other actors who could do it with more subtlety and personality influence. By the time you see him in the resistance, you go between terrible and true camp, especially when he reaches the double peak in the end (which, of course, is unsurprising). <br /> <br /> And yet, for the movie fan and Polanski fan, it's a pleasure to see the supportive cast and the many ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do this best, though they struggle with limited characters and the unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani getting hot and violent during a Bruce Lee movie or when he gets really drunk or in an almost random scene where he beats a kid near a fountain are on and off brilliant in itself. It's a very good movie and one where I might drink too much coffee after midnight. But an essential movie? Not exactly.
