I am sure that everyone who has seen this movie is in agreement that it is very scary. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also scary, but they all differ in what makes them scary, but they're all about the same, they all deal with the mind. Anyway, the staring people are very scary, each of them shaking my back down, making me unable to sit still. If you've seen the other two mentioned films, you'll probably find this pretty scary, because you expect typical Polanski traits that you think you have understood. He is aware of this and will constantly annoy you with simple things; personally, every time Trelkovsky turned around, he would prepare me for a leap, maybe it was just me, but that seemed to me to do that, though it was quite subtle There was no composition of music in these moments. <br /> <br /> The drama was pretty good, mostly by Polanski, the other characters in the movie do not have much time to outdo the lead role. Polanski really proves to be a great filmmaker all around, he can not only direct and write great films, he can also act. I do not think there is another better person who could have got the Trelkovsky character. Polanski has settled in perfectly. I like watching movies where the director is not one of the main characters, for me it really underlines her fantastic versatility and her talent, which I respect very much. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French movie financed by the Americans. To make it commercially more successful, it was mainly shot in English. There are parts where it is very obvious that there has been synchronization, and I do not know why it is so, but at 3/4 of the time when there is a synchronization, they get the totally wrong person to the Synchronization to perform. There is one woman in the movie who, when she speaks, is obvious that it's a dub, but they've got the most annoying person to make the voice. It was hard for me to hear her speak, she had the loudest high voice I've heard for a while, it seemed almost spurious, but I do not understand what it was about, she was a rather small figure. To be honest, I would have preferred to just leave it as it was filmed, parts of it in French and parts in English, because the synchronization in this movie was a pain and was not around (two completely different films, me white) high standard of another movie that did a similar thing, namely the good, the bad and the ugly. I realize that this is not a big problem. If you really remember, it gets annoying, but I'm sure you will not sit long to read what they're saying, no matter if you speak French. <Br /> <br /> What's so great about Polanski is that he makes you think that you know him, that you know his style, that you do in some aspects, but really do not see what's behind it Corner is located. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which in my opinion make this film particularly strong. I personally believe that this is the best of the three. I'm not sure what's next, but they are all relatively close in size. The end is fantastic, it's so easy to dwindle for a long time and get nowhere to go. I do not want to think too much about it, just to have my personal opinion and to leave it at that. <br /> <br /> I've moved on, and I have not really given a glimpse of what makes this movie so great, I do not think so, so I'm doing it fast. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's baby, I guarantee you like this movie, to say the least. For those who are too unhappy to either have seen, then I recommend that you check out this movie if you are looking for something that is a pretty scary movie that is pretty smart, especially at the end, as well as if you're after looking for something that deals with the mind, paranoia even though that fits better with rejection.
