Here is the example of a film that was not well received at the time of its creation, but whose reputation seems to increase over time. "The Tenant" is a very interesting work by Polanski, one of the first of his European exile. It's set in Paris, and like many other ex-films, the city, its streets, the Seine, and most of all, the building where the action takes place play an important role. It's just that Polanski does not choose his main character as American (as in 'Frantic', for example), but as Pole, as he was when he went west. There are indeed many personal comments in this film that were made at a time when the director was in crisis, and the fact that he has decided to play the lead role (and does it masterfully) can also be considered something of a kind Exorcism. <br /> <br /> It is, in a way, a circular story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in an old Parisian building, inhabited by a seemingly well-stocked team of grumpy old or just ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by leaping out the window of the apartment, and Trelkovsky has just had the opportunity to visit her at the hospital before she dies, leaving her young and beautiful friend Stella (a burnt Isabelle Adjani in her first role). to meet after Truffaut's "L'histoire d'Adele H."). Soon, the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it is a conspiracy to drive him crazy or enter the life and role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends by entering the circle and slowly becoming her. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> It's not the most credible story we've seen or heard, but the film's strength lies not in history, but in the details of psychology, in the slow humiliation of the hero's mental state permanent balance game between reality and deception. To a degree, it is not what happens on the screen, but how it happens. It is reminiscent of the classic "knife in the water" that was made more than a decade earlier at the end of the Polish Polanski era. There are many details that are never explained, but such must be mystery movies, and sometimes life is like that sometimes. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly infects the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the last part of the film are not well executed, and the spoken dialogues in English (the film was written in English) neutralize almost the entire atmosphere. The wait for the last Punchszene, however, is worth the patience. <br /> <br /> It's not the best movie Polanski has made, but it has many good parts, it shows the director's hand and style a significant step on the path to his career.
