was opened as a film in 1976, was, according to legend with massive ridicule and contempt - it was widely considered a failure. I remember vividly how Ebert awarded him a star, and it was reportedly booed at Cannes. <br /> <br /> Apparently these people did not understand the movie, which is not so hard to understand because it is very esoteric, dark and layered in a way that still baffles me. When I see a lot of the reviews, I find (even after 7-8 visits over the years) many elements of the film, which I had previously revised. But even without understanding much of the psychological foundations of the story, it's still a crunchy suspensor ... even if you just take the escalating paranoia and persecution that overtakes Polanski's title character like a tsunami wave over the course of two hours , <br /> <br /> The study of the source material - an excellent novella by the underrated writer Roland Topor - reveals more intriguing layers. Polanskis Trekovsky is a milky toast of the highest order. Although at first glance he seems to be another mild everyday soul, it is gradually becoming clear that he is one of those people who seem to drift aimlessly through life and let themselves be guided by him. He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes. He finds himself there gently and pushes that, but never seems to get out of shape. This indefinite type of laundry is in the novel more conspicuous than in the film, but there are also indications that the film is very early in the film. <br /> <br /> Playing a piece for a woman's apartment Mademouiselle Choule, recovering from a recent suicide attempt at the hospital, seems to be the bravest he has tried. He soon realizes, however, that he pays more for his "good" than he cares about because he is at the center of the vortex created by a building full of neurotic control freaks that are hypersensitive to even the slightest sign for example, a step at night or a knock on the door. Rather than hold their own, Trelkovsky is increasingly alienated from the situation and overwhelmed by paranoia and persecution. He becomes obsessed with Choule, imagines he's like her, gets dressed like her, etc., as his own personality is quickly wiped away from his own insanity. If anyone ever doubts an artist's Polanski's fearlessness, they would be well advised to watch this movie. His characteristic black humor is prominent (and sometimes embarrassing) to see here and - God bless him - he makes himself a butt. It is a tour de force performance in one of the richest, riskantesten and most Gothic horror films ever made. That more people have not seen it is a real crime.
