After his classic film noir homage in Chinatown, Roman Polanski returned to the themes that struck him in the 60s with this scary psychological horror that turned out to be like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby with the paranoia and claustrophobia that made life in an apartment , busy, had given his biggest hits. > <br /> Claustrophobic environments are what Polanski can best create, and this must be the most crushing and narrowest image he has ever created. The emphasis on sidewalls and distant vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in the few outdoor scenes, the sky is rarely seen. But the tenant is not only spatially limited, but also in the intensity with which he focuses on his protagonist. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself, is not only in every scene, he is in virtually every shot. If he is not on the screen more often, the camera becomes Trelkovsky's point of view. And of course, almost everywhere he looks, he sees his own reflection, staring at him in the mirror. <br /> <br /> I can not imagine a movie that is more about the internalization and loneliness of a character. Some psychological thrillers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to regret the mentally ill protagonist. Others, like Psycho, are trying a profound scientific analysis of his mental state. The tenant does not fit into any of these categories? it simply plunges us completely into Trelkovsky's experience without demanding that we actually understand or appreciate what's going on in his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession, even though we are constantly being shown that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a master of the slowly developing horror movie. In his horror, there is often an ambiguity as to whether something sinister is actually going on, but they are among the most effective ones to scare the audience. Why? Precisely because they develop so slowly and invest so much time in tedious situations that they sink the viewer into paranoia. A much later horror of Polanski, The Ninth Gate is a bit confusing, but it still manages to achieve this creeping sense of fear. <br /> <br /> This is a rare opportunity to see Polanski himself an important role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as behind, and he is absolutely perfect as the gentle Trelkovsky. Another outstanding achievement is the all too often overlooked Shelley Winters as Concierge. In fact, it's more of a star cast, though many of the familiar faces appear out of place in this weird Gothic European film. Unfortunately, many of the French actors in supporting roles are called cruel in the English-language version. The tenant is more polished and less overbearing than Repulsion, but lacks the suspense and character that characterizes Rosemary's baby so captivating and entertaining. The tenant is good, with no major flaws, and Polanski was really in top form as a director, but it's not one of his most exciting works.
