Anthony Mann's westerns starring Jimmy Stewart are slowly gaining a position for this director on John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in the genre. He certainly knows how to give the nice guy Stewart a certain dimension - in Mann's films there is an advantage for Jimmy, who is slowly demonstrated to the public. In WINCHESTER '73 it was the relationship of Stewart to his brother and how it makes him a revenge. This is an attitude "I trust only myself", which leads to one complication after another. Even before the film really starts, he (as Jeff Webster) kills two of his rented cowboys who helped with a fight on a cattle drive to Seattle (we never know whether they either wanted to leave the cattle drive or they did.) tried to steal the cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his match in Skagway, the port he has to reach to bring his flock to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a so-called lawyer named Gannon (John McIntyre), who recalls one of Skagway's real bosses in the "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have been as sloppy as Gannon if they made every opportunity a chance to make some money. Stewart's herd halted a public hanging - so the herd is confiscated (later sold to Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is partner of Ben (Walter Brennan - who strangely won his last Oscar as Judge Roy Bean). Supported by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen), they also meet two women, the discerning Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but earlier helped Jeff flee the Seattle authorities. However, she has a similar attitude "I only trust myself" to Jeff. She offers him employment to get supplies for Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (while the others are sleeping) they go back and steal their cattle back. Renee follows and warns her that Gannon and his staff are following. Jeff holds Gannon back until the herd of cattle can be brought across the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that Jeff must return from Skagway until Gannon can wait for him to hang it. <br /> <br /> The reunited party of Rhonda and Jeff split off to get to Dawson. Jeff opted for a longer and safer route. After proving himself right, they go his own way and reach Dawson, only to find that there is a lawless element that threatens the community due to the goldfields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee start prospecting. Soon there will be two groups in the city of Dawson. A city headed by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But the Mounties will not be stationed in Dawson for months. The other one, who revolves around Rhonda's "Dancehall", is in close touch with Gannon, who has a big claim to jumps with his gang of gunslingers (Robert J. Wilke) (really scary in a sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to get away from both and drive his new wealth and Ben to a ranch they want in Utah. But are you going there? And will Jeff stay neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are dandy, including Stewart as a man who is ready to face everyone present, but otherwise would be peaceful enough. Brennan plays one of his patented old programmers, whose love for good coffee results unexpectedly poorly. Flipping is a drunk at first, but tragedy and responsibility shatters him in better shape - and one who has the chance to verbally beat Stewart's heart with Stewart's own words. McIntyre would reach a television star in WAGON TRAIN as Wardard, but his work on Mann's films shows his abilities as a villain (like his opportunist who outsmarted himself in WINCHESTER '73). He is really sloppy, as stated elsewhere in this thread - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunists and people whose destiny is determined by their better emotions. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a frontier worker "Gigi" who is aware that she is more than a young girl, but an aspiring woman. <br /> <br /> The best of all is the background of the Canadian Rockies - as wonderful in its way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Man has undoubtedly done a first-class job directing this movie and the viewer gets the results appreciate.
