Roman Polanski is considered one of the most important directors of our time, as the head of classics like "Rosemary's Baby" and "Chinatown". What makes the Polanski cinema so interesting is probably the fact that while it is able to create commercially attractive films like the aforementioned masterpieces, it also likes to make inconspicuous films with more personal character. "Le Locataire" or "The Tenant" is one of those films; A horror / suspense story about paranoia and obsession, one of his best works and probably the best horror movies of all time. Polanski himself plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When he finally finds one, he discovers that it is empty because the previous tenant Simone Choule has tried to kill himself by jumping out the window. After Simone died of the injuries, Trelkovsky begins to be obsessed with her. She believes her death was caused by the other tenants in the building. While expressing the same claustrophobic feeling in his other "apartment-themed" films ("Repulsion &" Rosemary's Baby "), this film focuses on the bizarre conspiracy that can be found in Trelkovsky's mind and the catastrophic effects of paranoia His head and bizarre obsession He has teamed up with the previous tenant. <br /> <br /> Polanski's Trelkovsky's descent into the dark is perfectly portrayed: while his appearance appears strangely and wooden at first, it slowly becomes apparent that Polanski is so act as Trelkovsky should be acted as: a life without simpleton, which includes itself in this crazy sub-world inhabited by bizarre people, and the supporting actors have really brought to life the people in the building by creating unforgettable characters very important for the success of the film. <br /> <br /> Also the beautiful cinematography, the Polanski in the film helps to increase the sense of isolation, and gives life to the beautiful building that serves as the Trelkovsky cage. The haunting images Polanski uses to convey the sense of confusion and madness are of a supernatural beauty that makes them both scary and attractive. If there's a flaw in the movie, it's definitely a bit slow at first. This may sound like a diversion, but in fact the slow pace of the beginning works perfectly as it mimics Trelkovsky's boring life and gradually enters another realm. Also, the tortuous plot is definitely not easy to understand because of the many complex layers. However, it is more than a blemish that it is a pleasure to deal with a thoughtful act like this. <br /> <br /> While "The Tenant" is not for everyone, those interested in psychological horror and surreal storylines will be interested in the experience. "Le Locataire" is truly one of Roman Polanksi's masterpieces. 10/10
