This is mainly a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). She immediately likes Jeff in a brief encounter on the deck of the Skagway steamer and a longer look when hiding in her cabin while the authorities are looking for murder. They find out that they have some things in common besides animal attraction. Neither trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both were married to spouses who have cheated on them. Little by little, they learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda appears to have close ties with the corrupt sheriff Gannon and is doing some dodgy practices in her Castle Saloon in Skagway. She finally has to choose between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young, naive Frenchwoman, likes Jeff right away, but she only gets insulting insults. Nevertheless, she stays with him on his travels from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Together with Ronda, she takes care of him after Jeff is killed by Gannon's gunman because of his gold demand. Walter Brennan serves as Ben as a longtime buddy of Jeff. He has no meaty role, but he mitigates Jeff's hard edges. His demise symbolically opens the door for a female companion for Jeff. John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) is probably the most charismatic evil city boss you'll ever see in the movie, and exudes charm and humor along with his bullying. Obviously, he sees something in Jeff and repeatedly declares that he will like him. He makes a credible incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his final years in Skagway as one of the leading contenders of his time. Jeff is the epitome of anti-hero, a loner (except for companion) Ben) who does not want to stretch his neck out for others, even though he knows he's the right man for the job. In this regard, for example, he is similar to Burt Lancaster's character in "Vera Cruz". Not only does Jeff refuse Dawson's mission, he is confident that he will leave Dawson after Gannon's gang moves in with the clear intention of taking over the under-legal gold claims of all while eliminating some miners and hurrying the rest considers departure from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests she and Jeff make a hasty departure from Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff has a sudden change of heart, which apparently still has the desire for revenge for the shooting of Ben and himself. He turns from anti-hero to hero as he leads the expulsion of Gannon's gang from Dawson. In this respect, he is different from Lancaster's character, who never reformed (But is Jeff really changed or is he just paying revenge for his own interests?) The main problem I see with the conspiracy is the 2nd Principle women. Ronda is clearly the right woman to tame Jeff. Although clearly referred to as a "bad" girl, Jeff has a recent past in which he shot at least five men in the US or the Yukon and stole his cattle from Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff switches from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda runs into the street to warn Jeff about Gannon's upcoming ambush. She dies as a result and Jeff asks her why she did not just take care of herself (his supposedly simply abandoned creed!). It's clear that Corene Calvert as Renee just does not make it a credible replacement for the dead Ronda in Jeff's mind. The obvious implication of the farewell scene, however, is that they come together, even though Jeff never visibly kisses or hugs them. Her image as a good, albeit naïve, young woman is somewhat hampered by her work in Rhonda, where miners bump their gold dust, push the spilled dust on the ground, and later regain it. I am also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who succeeds her and makes her application. (He is not her father). Another problem is the amateurish handling of the shootout between Jeff and Gannon's gang. If Gannon ever had any skill with a pistol, he would have had to kill Jeff under that promenade, or wound him hard before Jeff did the same to him. And how did Jeff's bad right-hand suddenly become good enough to shoot a pistol with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends did to save the avalanche victims. They were too far away to pull them out alive under the snow. And why were not most of Ronda's packhorses and mules buried by the avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a multitude of probably nameless but familiar faces among the miners and Gannon's gang. The sequences recorded in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop for the action. All in all a very entertaining western with the most big mistakes in the end. Undoubtedly, this film requires great freedom in terms of history and geography, especially in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually much tamer than the US Skagway.
