EXTREMITIES is the disturbing but intriguing screen version of a game by William Mastriosimone (who has adapted his own game for the screen) about a woman being attacked in her car by a would-be rapist on her way home one night, scared of her Realizes that the man has her purse and knows where she lives. After her roommates go to work the next day, the man turns up and tries to rape her. The story takes a surprising turn when the woman turns the man at a certain point and can overwhelm him; However, when she realizes that there is no way that an attempted rape can be proven, and if the man is arrested, he will simply get out. She decides to keep him in the house until he can get a confession from him. Far-fetched? Could be. Disturbing? Definitely, but there is a wonderfully claustrophobic feeling in this film, especially in the middle with only the woman and her assailant, that you can not help but feel completely part of the action. I did not see the piece on Broadway, but I would imagine a piece on stage works better, but that does not make the movie any less intriguing into an experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to play the role on Broadway, was awarded Marjorie in the film version, delivering a tense and deeply moving performance as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics considered Fawcett's performance a one-note, but to me, Marjorie is a woman who is completely dazed by what she's been through and the performance is working for me. James Russo is slimy and threatening in the performance of his career, as is the alleged rapist who considers Marjorie to be much more challenging than he thought. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid play the lead role as Marjorie's roommates, who come home after Marjorie overpowers the guy and ties him up and stuffs them in the fireplace when they arrive. And it's the arrival of the roommates who bring the story to an unexpected level because they did not see what Marjorie went through, and that's why they think she should call the police and let them do the guy. Not for the faint-hearted, but if you can stand it, a thrilling movie experience anchored in a lead performance that will surprise you.
