This review owes its existence solely to a review. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what's coming and we decide what we'll see. Inevitably, there are short reviews of most films to be shown on the five major terrestrial channels. In addition to the prose, each film receives a rating of 1-5 stars. 5 does not miss (better than 4 for excellent!), Until 1 stands for bad. We have learned from years of experience that, with few exceptions, stars are forgiven for coarse taste, bad language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and courage, and above all, kill the hero / heroine just when everyone wanted to live happily ever after , (If that's not done, the movie is classified as "predictable" - the worst insult you can imagine!) Brave New Girl only received one star, suggesting that it was one Candidate was deserving of time and attention. This was confirmed by the description of the film by the reviewer as a "really terrible story" and "stupid, just stupid". We saw it and my wife and I were glad we did that. The TV magazine reviewer further stated that the film was "no overhaul of war and peace" with which we must agree. Reading the IMDb reviews on this title a day or two later, the urge to use my pen (as it were) for my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (pronunciation of the first syllable) for the uninitiated) became overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Why did we record this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, credible relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good triumph over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personality of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two male professors involved in the story. What if the plot included a "Wicked Witch of the West" in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), assuming she plays the role with some conviction. We appreciated the friendship between the two roommates, one of which was financially required by a loving, single mother and the other had every material advantage but little parental time and affection. Is it any wonder that Ditz felt the way she did with Holly's mother? Is it surprising that Grant is immediately interested in Holly, taking into account the way the first meeting, the dazzling smile and the lively self-awareness of Holly? I think these issues and events are credible enough, but you have to pretend that scholarship and other things are realistic for the story to have a context. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed by no significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without our critical abilities inappropriately interfering with our hearing and thus impairing the experience. We enjoyed both the classic pieces and the pop that was well received on TV, and we did not like lack of talent. It was also not important that Holly's classical vocals were dubbed by someone else. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed the movie to look for a DVD. The average price we paid per disc for the films in our collection is currently £ 4,9484 (rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available to a trusted provider on the Amazon Marketplace for £ 1,351 (rounded to four decimal places) above that number. Such a purchase would raise the average. Why I should resent this is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of this film that we have nevertheless placed an order. I've given this movie 7 out of 10 IMDb stars, one of which has hooked up on an overwhelming audience reception, one for Britney commercials and one for something else I can not remember right now. (If it has not fallen, this review is a hymn to celebrate the use of parentheses!)
