The penultimate collaboration between director Anthony Mann and star James Stewart (other than the few days that Man worked at Night Passage before parting ways with the star under unfavorable circumstances), The Far Country believes that its mainstream look another portrait of a bitter man reluctantly represents his own salvation, fighting every step of the way. This time around, he's a cattle rider whose response to work-related issues - at the end of the trail disturbing cow's hands calling for a shootout fight - results in his cattle being confiscated by John McIntire's honorable judge of the Roy Bean School of Law and Order. He steals her back and leads her across the Canadian border. Soon he is involuntarily drawn into the growing conflict between prospectors and the judge when he cheats on her or kills her claims ... Big surprise, as Stewart turns in the end, he's a surprisingly callous guy on the way. He even makes use of his desire to be left alone so as not to warn a group of prospectors of an impending avalanche when he has the chance, because it is not his problem. For most of the movie, there's only a hair's breadth between him and McIntire, something that the judge instantly recognizes and revelers in the company of a kindred spirit, even if he intends to lynch him. In many ways, it is likely to be perceived by the citizens who trust in him. Despite their appeal to their better and dismayed nature, there is an unspoken affirmation that the only person who can withstand the judge is a person as bad as someone He is. <br /> <br /> As usual with men, exceptionally high levels are exploited, even though the final showdown takes place on level ground and the film is almost perfectly occupied with the support of Walter Brennan. Harry Morgan and Ruth Roman (though Corinne Calvert's young romantic interest tends to irritate). Unfortunately, the great cinematography of the Canadian Rockies is favored by a very average DVD transfer only a little, with only the cinema trailer serves as an extra.
