(SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) The anti-German feeling of this film now seems painfully obsolete, but it's a brilliant example of great war propaganda. It was restored when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore any of the later Best Picture Academy Awards, he never made a very good sound film.) This movie lacks the comedy of most of Pickford's other films, and it really was the movie of DeMille, not that of Pickford. The denigration of Germans can be compared to the way "The Patriot" of 2000 did the same to the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain with the ironic name Austreheim. They even had Pickford make an unlucky journey on a luxury ship torpedoed by a German submarine. So what will the Americans stir up more in the war? The sinking of Lusitania or the view of America's most popular Canadian import? Throughout the film, DeMille turns his protagonist from one kind of terrible calamity to another that barely escapes death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution, and explosions that are just in the right place to keep them unhurt. The way it is saved from a firing squad is no more credible than the way the people in the Jurassic Park were ultimately saved from the velociraptors. If I were gullible for such propaganda, I would punish myself for having a partial German descent. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Apart from a funny gag in which Americans think they are untouchable? that was apparently even then a joke ?? They could not be entertained. You'll find it more than a little melodramatic and obviously one-sided, but the first thing that came to mind after I saw it is that it was years before Potemkin's misrepresentation of a massacre revolutionized the language of cinema's propaganda potential film. I wondered: what became of Cecil B. DeMille? Sometime between the advent of Sound and The Greatest Show on Earth, he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben Hur looked expensive, but not ambitious. In one sentence, this film is for 1) film historians, 2) Silent Movie Buffs, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if such a person exists.
