This first-rate Western story of the Gold Rush brings excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one of five Stewart man westerns that is often overlooked. Stewart again gives a new look to the ubiquitous personalities he had in the five westerns of Stewart Man. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is fearless and always looks at himself, which is why he is so surprised when people are nice and friendly to him. Ironically, he carries a bell on the saddle without which he can not drive. This shows that he may be interested in just one person - his buddy, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum gave it to him. Once again, Mann throws a new look at the ever-present personalities he puts into the five westerns of Stewart Man. He shows violence, excitement, conspiracies, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben end up in a series of events in the fast-growing town of Dawson with the gold partners Calvet and Flippen and the not-good-but-beautiful novel and their rented men. They can not go because the crooked sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them up because the only way out is through Skagway, the city of Gannon. But eventually McIntire comes to them, but not to catch up with Stewart and / or his fine, which he allegedly owes the government. What is McIntire for? He is there to cheat miners with their demands and their money. People are killed. A sheriff for Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with a gun. Stewart, however, rejects the job because he intends to gain all the gold he can and then withdraw. He rejects it because he does not like to help people because law and order always kill someone. Flipping is chosen instead. A miner is killed for attempting to assert himself against one of Gannon's men, a ferocious, mustached, skilful shooter named Madden, carrying two weapons played by Wilke. Flipping tries to arrest Madden and make justice happen, but he can not fight him and he gets drunk. A man named Yukon replaces flippers. Stewart and Tatum retreat but are attacked by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is wounded. Stewart finally realizes he has to do something, or Gannon will take over Dawson, set his own rules, and it will be his city, just like Skagway. The audience also recognizes what Stewart has to do. Another thing the public realizes is that Stewart is the only thing between the citizens and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon would take over the city. If Stewart stays and does nothing about it, the citizens are gradually killed mercilessly and uselessly. Here is a great scene. Stewart goes to his cabin. He has a noose on his arm. For a few seconds, his weapon in the gun strap hangs from a pole near his bed, the gun is nearby, Stewart is in the background, just behind the door. He stares at it for a few seconds. He throws the noose away. The noose lands on the back of the chair and falls to the ground. This is symbolic because he throws away his old life, which is to take care of no one but himself. He comes into his new life to help people when they need help. What ends the movie is a fire-mad, angry show of good versus evil and a true feel-good feeling that everything will be alright.
