Definitely spoiler in this review! I love American Gothic and have been doing it since I saw it late at night, when it first aired on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14 years old. The comparisons with Stephen King are just right. It is a small city with supernatural eeriness, but with fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and the reason why I love it so much is that it had the courage to never be black and white! Although Lucas Buck has no conscience, he often acts to give people enough rope to hang up with. His manipulation works only because of the weak morale of other people. Caleb, though generally a thoughtful, friendly, insightful boy, can sometimes show the latent dark side he inherited from his father. None of the characters is absolutely good or bad, even the engrossed Merlyn shows an angry side by the reckless revenge in The Plague Sower. Not only that, but Gail, which comes closest to a mother figure for Caleb, not only slept, but fell in love with Lucas. I'm a big Buffy fan, but when this show really got "dark" in later seasons, she failed miserably because she lost her humorous side and did not fully commit herself to her ideas. AG shows that in the middle of the show you can have a morally bankrupt character and still have a damn big laugh. <br /> <br /> I can not even remember why he was canceled while I'm just getting too mad at the ridiculousness of everything. So much garbage on TV and good, original shows are kicked and stamped. Thanks to the emergence of the DVD, I can see the show at least in its entirety! Yes, some of the visuals look outdated, but the scary, weird atmosphere is provided well enough by the storylines. The performers also all give such perfect performances that they do more than make up for a weird camerawork. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone does not like this show is that they are not like the X files where there are cases that need to be resolved or lost where there are big unanswered questions. It is quite obvious that Lucas Buck has evil powers and that the show is about fighting for Caleb's soul. So, this show could be frustrating when people are searching for a specific purpose or looking for an unknown "truth". Yes, there are some mysterious, unanswered aspects, such as the truth about the dissolution of Gail's parents, but unlike Lost and X-Files, this show is not about finding out more 'facts' about the IMO. It's about the characters and the way they have to face moral choices in the twisted world of Trinity. Personally, I would get such a kick when I see that Lucas turns every situation to his advantage. <br /> <br /> All in all, I have to say, CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Even though it was canceled, all characters have bows and there is enough in the finals to give a little closure. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Frosted. That he is not in the last episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would've done everything for a second season, but at least the full 22 episodes exist and maybe, considering how brainless some TV owners seem to be, I'd be happy to have this wonderful show ever have been done !! !
