This time, Blackadder is no longer regal (or even particularly close to being such a thing) ... but rather a Prince Regent's butler, portrayed by Hugh Laurie (replacing Tim McInnerny, whose presence is sorely missed, and this hole is never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a grumpy and total idiot, we can take care of him, which does not apply to his replacement fool (which he apparently was on the trivia side), quite not to mention a loud mouth and absolutely non-threatening Edmund can do exactly as he pleases and does, why is he so frustrated and angry (frankly, does it sometimes get depressing)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, they always are, he does not seem to lack money, nor is he in danger In the second series, the queen was mischievous and childish and cut off her head - or married her on a whim There's never enough left at stake to be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a little satire. Too often, it seems they think the story is funny enough. You just have to repeat them and not bother to turn the facts into jokes or jokes. And I can not tell you how many of them found out before they were done, literally more than a minute away. It is usually not positive if you know the punch line before it is delivered. Baldrick does not change from last season ... he is still very pathetic and stupid, which leads to "silly" humor. Honestly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not understand me with the raw material. The sarcastic, verbal joke can still be great, though it is much less than before. I'd say half the episodes were pretty amusing and downright funny, while the other three did not get me into them at all. I was disappointed with how predictable some of the conspiracies and their developments were ... I could see that many of them were a mile away. Part of the material tries too much to be funny and is considered incredibly forced. This continues with the tradition that began with "II" to have the plans worked out occasionally. The topic is the worst, the credits the least creative. All in all, this is by far my worst favorite of the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and British comedy in general. 10.7
