Unfortunately, in such cases, there are so many conflicting stories that everyone tries to blame others, that it's almost impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This movie is a victim of such circumstances. The authors (too many of them) have decided to take ALL of the stories with them and give them to the audience so they can decide which version of the truth they like best. As in real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the public has a general feeling of being unfulfilled (like coffee without caffeine or sex without a climax). Whodunnit without Whodunnit are usually frustrating and let's wonder why someone did not research before he released it. At the very least, advertise your film as a fiction when it comes to (and does). <br /> <br /> That does not mean that there are no great performances here. Kilmer (as Holmes) plays a prominent role, bringing humanity to an otherwise unappetizing character. Kilmer and the real life lovers and friends who interviewed the film make the audience see a selfish, troubled person who, though his mistakes were big and big, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself) , Kudrow as Holmes's wife gives just a glimpse of the dramatic actress she can be, but it's a very flashy and memorable glimmer. Boswig's character was not as emotionally complex as it could have been, and had to show more inner conflict to make credible what eventually happened between Dawn and Holmes (she turned to Florida six months after her escape). Bosworth's appalling performance is sometimes annoying, sometimes touching, but shows no backbone that the real Schiller must have owned. The other characters fade in the woodwork, which is a pity. Lucas is a great performer who could have put his role into this role if it had been worked out for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as a drug dealer. <br /> <br /> The guilt of this film is not with this cast, but with writing. Too many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, which is so promising, ultimately makes you hungry. The story and the characters may have been less sympathetic, but in what movie are they not? Other films, such as the 1989 drugstore cowboy Matt Dillon (who was allegedly asked to accept and reject this role), worked on similar topics and mastered it so well that, despite everything, they were still related to the main character by the end of the film felt what he had done Van Sandt could have given James Cox and his crew some lessons. Had someone taken the trouble to find out the truth, this would have been a fascinating story. The accompanying WADD documentation is tastier (on the 2-disc DVD) and much more informative. You'll find on the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good one either. Like most people.
