John Holmes is so famous, he is notorious (as the Three Amigos would say). This is a Rashomon-like story about the events surrounding Wonderland Murders in the early '80s in Los Angeles. The story is composed of the retelling of some participants. There is a story from the perspective of the friend, David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is part of the robbery by Eddie Nash (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and is probably the same figure Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is heavily involved in the drug scene. There is John Holmes' perspective (played by Val Kilmer) that makes him a pawn between two kings (with a strong case of cocaine craving). There are also the patchwork memories of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) who fill in the spaces between the two stories. Basically, it's the same timeframe we're looking at, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a somewhat heroic character with a tragic but weird karma. He is a cartoon of a real person. He was more of less, a confused child who got what he got through his "great" equipment. Director James Cox turns off the comedy and makes this episode in John's life a nightmare for everyone we see. The details of the real murders make this movie even more sinister. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he had learned from Jim Morrison from the Doors, improved the performance for the Salton Sea, and then further improved it. Bring us John Cole's worsening of John Holmes. All actors draw a very realistic portrayal of cocaine junkies. The performance of Josh Lucas is one of the best in the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character corresponds to the Thomas Jane character of Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, he loved having John Holmes as a novelty nearby, and had a cocaine craving, as if sharks liked blood. Cocaine use seems so realistic that it makes you think. Did you really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights have a bubblegum pop feel (lots of color and '70s nostalgia), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with many jumps. It is nervous and grainy. There is no comedy, just an infinite pace, as if the director were trying to put us in the nervous, fast-paced, nervous cocaine to make us feel what the characters are feeling. This is a graphic movie. It has one of the most violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It actually shows the murders themselves (with the eyes of John Holmes first and then from the perspective of a third person). It is so graphic that it looks like a police crime. I had to pause after this scene and remember that this was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights if you are interested in the other pages of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> - Celluloid rehab
