Lately, I've gotten into the habit of buying every interesting DVD that Criterion publishes. I guess that Criterion, even if I do not like the movie, usually provides enough additional footage to compensate for any flaws in the actual movie. I read about them and buy those that are most interesting to me. Le Million is my latest purchase, and I have to say that I was not disappointed in the movie. It's happy, funny and romantic. Everything is very good. The songs are wonderful. If I understand French, I would probably be buzzing and singing all day long. Acting is very good for this kind of movie. The American musicals of the classic Hollywood character were more dependent on song and dance than on the actual characters and the actual story. However, at Le Million, the results are pretty well developed, and while the story is not particularly impressive, it is by no means lacking. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between once best friends Michel and Prosper. The romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with some unforgettable moments. Probably the most perfect scene in the movie will be right after the main couple's quarrel. They hide on the stage of an opera performance, and the opera singers sing lines that the couple Michel and Beatrice interpret according to their own situation. This is definitely one of the highlights of cinema history. The scene made me laugh, brought me a very sweet romance for me and made me grin how smart the director was. I give this movie a 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same confidence in Criterion as me and who plans to buy it. Among the Criterion discs I now own, Le Million has the fewest features. All it has is a photo gallery (not too useful, you could flip through it) and a rare television interview with director Rene Clair. This piece is of interest. He was one of the many directors who had started in the silent movie, and when talkies first appeared he said they were the death of the movie. I think most movie connoisseurs understand what these directors meant when they said that, but it's interesting to hear how he explains it. If you've read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, please keep in mind that they were wrong on one important point: not every line of the movie is sung. In fact, it does not contain more songs than a regular musical. It's actually much more like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticism of the disc is not that important. Heck, Criterion has the right to beat me about these complaints. The fact is, their people probably spent hundreds of hours repairing a movie for which only 20 (now 21!) People have voted for imdb. If you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no idea why not. They should really be proud of that (of course, their website is surprisingly awful). You have done a good job on this film. Bravo! They make all the money I can give them!
