Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just beginning to do social work, is sent to help an elderly semi-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous manager Yoko (Yoko Maki). Karen discovers that there is something wrong in Emma's house and she tries "to see how deep the rabbit hole is". <br /> <br /> It may be a belated influence on the success of M. Night Shyamalan's films, but slower, more reserved horror films are a new trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in other cases, such as White Noise (2005), the tempo tends to kill the movie. I did not like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but this is still a very good movie - he earns 9 out of 10 points with me. <br /> <br /> The Grudge has some big differences from other recent examples of this trend. Firstly, it is known to be a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju -On 3), from 2003). Secondly, as with many Japanese horror films, the slow pace here is not as much in the realm of realistic drama as in Surrealism. As with a large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be seen as a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of the five Japanese submissions of the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production), and author Stephen Susco has largely renounced linearity and does not care too much Logic or gaps when it comes to the horror of history. Instead, the idea is to present a dreamlike sequence of scenes with dream logic that instils fear, scary, uncanny, and for many observers. How well the movie works for you largely depends on how well you are accustomed to or adapt to this different approach to filming (although admittedly some of the apparent gaps are filled up by earlier entries in the youth newspaper). On series). Traditionally, the American public sees flaws hanging on plot threads and giving up "rules" for the "monster." A more poetic, metaphorical, surreal approach to film is not yet accepted by the mainstream US. <br /> <br /> Even if you are not used to it, it pays to suspend your normal prejudices movies and give The Grudge a shot. This is a well-written, well-directed, well-playable movie that is filled with unusual features, such as: For example, the story in which a large number of "main characters" (which are better performed here than the more episodic Ju-On 3) is interwoven. Good cinematography. subtle production design (look at Gellar's clothing, which matches the color and texture of the outside of Emma's house when Gellar approaches for the first time), and beautifully effective horror material. <br /> <br /> Even though it's slower your average horror movie of the past, the tempo usually increases the eeriness, and there's no shortage of bizarre events to entertain horror fans. The supernatural premise of the film is exciting, and based on interviews with Shimizu on the DVD, I've made me pay more attention to the Japanese faith and folklore. Although the most interesting subtexts are likely to be based on more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to consider why so many Japanese horror films feature sinister children and adults who look like fearsome children. <br /> <br /> I deducted a point for the movie, which came a little into cliché mystery / thriller territory with a flashback "here's what really happened", but even that was pretty well done, and otherwise this would have been one of 10 out of 10 points. <br /> <br /> Now that I've said all that, I want to end up with a little bargain: It's not like I'm doing anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that US distributors and studios do Feeling that they need remakes of foreign films to produce them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should only be released in the US in the US. It is not necessary to present an almost identical film, but to replace only white American actors by non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a good movie, but in the end I would rather see something original with this talent and be involved with the latest horror films from abroad - not just Japanese, but also Indians, Spaniards, Chinese, etc. at my multiplex. In the hope that someone who pulls something in the studios reads this, it is also cheaper because (1) you can completely avoid production costs and easily complete domestic distribution deals that you can make profits from, and (2) you can make money earn with fans like me, who otherwise pick up foreign movie DVDs in foreign brands or even bootleg versions.
