It is said that David Lynch's movies and shorts will not please everyone. Neither Dumbland nor more than ever. I feel like Dumbland will be a real sign of "I understand" or "what the hell" when people come across it. It is not exactly surrealism, but absurd to no return. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity, it can be a sort of ironic intelligence that the maker knows so well how childish and repulsive it is, and that self-confidence is a plus, not a distraction. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of rough pulled shorts - the kind that might not even work out in Hertzfeldt and Judges Animation Show (which I can add, Lynch has a lot in common with the two directors in their two The work focused on a Lummox with an IQ of 20 years, which scares a constantly trembling woman and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and / or an alien.The episodes include small situations like a faulty treadmill. a salesman who can recite Gettysburg's address, supervising a sick brother-in-law, ants and hallucinations, and wallowing with noise all over the couch while Lynch is still experimenting as he's always in good and good For five years he made the inland Empire up and down. <br /> <br /> First, he returns to the roots of his very first short Six Six Getting Sick Six Times by doing the replay g as meant to an end. This sometimes works unbearably well and sometimes not. As with the episode where sitting in the house does nothing, as the teeth bleed and a fly buzzes, absurdism fluctuates like waxes and diminishes without much effect. And even an episode like the friend of the guy who comes over is funny - for the Beavis & Butt head comparison (both laugh like idiots and are equally fascinated by killing things like fish and sheep). What works in the end is how Lynch shows delirious abstractions in the most gruesome way imaginable and excessive force. <br /> <br /> In what comes closest to the "ants" surrealism, the guy mistakenly injects bug spray (just kill, a cheap, but funny, caressing of Lynch at social gatherings) and poses to ants in a musical choir line, including solos. And one of the most funniest things I've ever seen of the filmmaker is "Get the Stick," where we just see the guy being cheered on by his son and holding a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes jump out, and when the said staff is removed, he does not pay attention to the traffic that waddles like a manhole cover. Other moments appear in unexpected columns, and it's like drawn on cheap paper, with an impulse to shock with malodorous language (mostly from the man, as well as from the "grandmother" who stands in one of the voices of Lynch's characters are the deepest of them all and a shaky quality reminiscent of the creme de la crème of (early) Hertzfeldt. Nevertheless, I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I would do Give someone a hand if he has not seen much of Lynch, let alone anything about him.There are a few small points in society made by complete exaggerations that may bring Lynch closer than we normally do to those in the real world In general, however, there is not much to read, which is why I would say more than half of those who hate it passionately, those who are the lowest pits of an animated comedy a dig up, have to prepare for it.
