Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' T-shirt and trots off every day to fulfill his duties as a garbage collector. He uses his physical power to collect the garbage of others and transport it to the landfill. He reads comic hero stories and loves wrestlers and wrestling. Going on his birthday with his twin brother Eugene is an annual tradition. He speaks kindly to the many people he comes into contact with during his day. He reads comic books that he finds in the garbage, with a little boy he often passes on the garbage way. Unfortunately, Dominick has a diminished ability to use his mind. He has a disability. Dominick's disability came as a result of head injury that left him with a traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury slowed him down more slowly, though he did not change his core feature as a strong individual helping to protect others. Dominick can actually live more independently than he seems at the beginning of the movie. He lives with Eugene, who is currently a doctor. Dominick is the main source of income while Eugene is out of college. Eugene has to face the fact that he has to continue his education in another city and that he has to leave Dominick. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to separate him from his twin brother. The film deals specifically with domestic violence and how it can affect individuals, families and society at large. The tension escalating between Eugene and Dominick as Eugene realizes that he must finally leave Nicky exploded on her birthday night. Eugene shouts at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At that moment, Eugene faces his own fears, such as his abusive father, the father Dominick used to protect him when he himself became the victim of the abuse. This event consolidated the love between the two brothers, who became the best friends from then on. Although they needed each other, they also needed independence and the ability to grow and build relationships with others. The fact that they have to separate became a very emotional burden. However, at the end of the movie Dominick can say goodbye to his brother and wishes him good luck. Eugene can leave his brother with the confidence that he has started to build a social network of people who will take care of him and help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick experiences the abuse of his friend, he is forced to confront the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick is almost completely shut down. Then he runs to the hospital behind the ambulance to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy has died, he is confronted with the abusive father, who, fearing his testimony, tells him that he has not seen anything, knows nothing and does not say anything, and if he does, he will kill him. Now that his own life is threatened, he goes to the handgun with which Larry killed the rats. He follows the deceased boy and abducts the baby of the grieving family at gunpoint. He runs away and hides in a building. As the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and they bring the baby back. The abusive father then brings his own weapon threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd he saw the father throw his son down the stairs Problem of misconduct comes into view. Although Dominick's instinct to save the baby can be understood, we also see how harmful this reaction is. Dominick has put the baby's life and his own life in great danger. The larger social consequences of these events are not directly affected, but are shown by the end of the films. Despite the more optimistic ending, there may be another series of events in which Dominick is charged with kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is a bit hard to believe that this went completely unnoticed. Even if Dominick is not charged, there may still be a stigma in the community against him, but not that there were none before these events. Instead, the film shows that we need to be able to identify problematic behaviors and take action to contain them. Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as Rainman, who won 5 Academy Awards. Although Rainman was a feat and has helped to improve visibility for people with disabilities, one could argue that Dominick and Eugene have more valuable lessons for society. However, Rainman pointed out that American society could learn from and care for a "savant" when the "savant" inherits a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability could be able to rescue and rescue members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. Hopefully, one day, society will see the strengths of people with disabilities not as a threat, but as an imperative for the strength of society.
