I collect horror movies from all over and have seen the good and the bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Sure, the acting is bad, the story is basically a mix of all the zombie movies pushed together and the quality is poor in some places. What you're missing is that it's still entertaining and really fun. The effect ranges from, as someone has said here, pasty zombies that look like KISS, to really good tongues with amazing latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with a title like this one is annoying and this movie is amazing in this area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it a party movie and it's like that. 100% funny party movie. I have heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the film that has been widely publicized, but the actual "Director's Cut" appears on DVD and is of very good quality. I will buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> Story is basically a nuclear power plant that runs badly and makes zombies. The government closes it, hides the history and sanction houses that are to be built on it. Part of the facility is still underground, and these undead appear and attack the area. A few actors are doing a great job, there are some pretty straightforward social comments that are enlightening and true, good music, great lighting, some effective tension, and lots of blood and sick blood. A guy gets attacked at the bottom and torn from the bottom, if you know what I mean. Then the intestines are pushed out of his mouth. Another part split in half, as in Day Of The Dead, and they've made this effect great. There are a million gore gags and it's almost ALL action. I say, stop being a prudent, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat Market. Two great undead epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got the DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> MUCH better picture quality and for the first time I could see the current DIRECTOR'S CUT of the movie and it's a much better movie. I've liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets actually tried with this one. And the comment also helps if you listen to sheets extensively about the movie. He knows it's a shabby zombie movie, but he shows respect for everyone involved. Sheets also has a great sense of humor and a humble integrity that others in the film industry could learn from. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I found it almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with news stories from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. All in all, a funny little movie that is VERY rough on the edges, but still I had to laugh and enjoy the ride! I've watched a lot of DV movies and made some video, and many are pretty boring, but that was not really the case. Newer DV movies are technically superior, but they just are not that much fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard they are doing it now on a big budget ???
