I have just received my copy of this DVD-DVD set, and although it is not perfect, I found the overall experience fun to lose some time. I have to say right away that I'm a big fan of zombie movies, and I really think that the fine people who made these films have to be too. I also have a weakness for people who try to live a dream sometimes against all odds. And again, these people do it. Is this an award-winning collection of amazing movies? Not even near. But for what they do with their thrifty budget, these films should be recommended. For me, the end result is always: Was I entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here was the answer to both "yes". The first in the series is also the roughest. It starts with an accident in an atomic plant, and people melt together or something. A few years later, a new residential complex is being built over the old reactor yard. Some children who make a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped in the lower floors of the facility. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed, and the people from the opening start to stumble out of the hole. Soon the whole city will be overtaken by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from cool make-up to the cheapest hit on white-face, but they are fun. The whole movie ends in a showdown between the last survivors of the area and the undead. Our heroes go to the lower levels of the reactor to eliminate the carnivorous zombies and seal the hole forever! Pretty cheesy, but I think it should be. Nevertheless, it moves very fast, has a lot of cruel effects and really tries to have style. The acting is uneven, but a few good performances seem to come through and you should really listen to the commentary. I went back and looked at it again and found it a good piece of information about the exams and the fun the crew and cast experienced in the movie. Director Todd Sheets seems to be quite proud of this first film, but has no delusions. He knows it's a shabby zombie movie, but he shows respect for those involved. Sheets also has a great sense of humor and a humble integrity that others in the film industry could learn from. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I found it almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with news stories from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. All in all, a funny little movie that is VERY rough on the edges, but still I had to laugh and enjoy the ride! I've watched a lot of DV movies and made some video, and many are pretty boring, but that was not really the case. Newer DV films are technically superior, but they are not fun! All in all, this is a solid, albeit somewhat flawed, release with loads of extras and TONNES by Gore and Splatter. Although I have not broken any big rules of the move, but I found the series funny and always a laugh, so I recommend this sentence a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make award-winning art here, he sometimes tried, despite adversity, to enjoy the zero budget, to have horror, and for this purpose he has made spades.
