Todd Sheets once said he owns his 1993 zombie epic Zombie Bloodbath for his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how untrue this statement is. I mean, what makes this one much superior? Well, at Zombie Rampage, this guy is no longer included, now? <br /> <br /> To understand why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered damn worthy, you have to remember what the '90s were like for lovers of evil horror. A decade that almost took over from B and Z-Cinema, as we knew it. Technological advances, uncomfortable trends and the Internet would be the mysterious charms of the great golden years of s.o.v. abolish. And anything that remotely resembled a quality castle was all too self-confident to do well, and basically defeated purpose. Fortunately, not everyone changes with time. Enter the zombie carnage. <br /> <br /> And I think that's the part where I explain the exact same premise of 500 other zombie hits from the past 40 years. Alright, well, any accident in a nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight, making them carnivorous zombies that rage, causing some of the cruelest but most humorous Gore scenes of the 90s. The first 20 minutes are full of the most unpleasant conversations you can imagine. Entertainments that let you know that this is not just a low-budget zombie strip, but a Z-grade disaster, guy. There are many hysterical, nonexistent acting that is threefold for Mr. Mullet. This guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers Zombie Bloodbath to be a zombie rampage amuses me endlessly. I mean, both are complete jokes about celluloid, but on the other hand, too, redneck zombies. Obviously, Todd Sheets is obviously in company. By 1993, a movie that is so bad would undoubtedly be a thoroughbred parody, but Mr. Sheets asserts himself and gives us a good old fashion punch as he was supposed to, unaware, unaware, and pointless. God bless Todd Sheets. For those looking for a surprisingly rewarding 90's horror, Leif Jonkers Darkness should be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you're a gorhound that gets bored sometime around 1990, '93 would be the perfect time to recover. 8.10
