One of my beloved, so ridiculously lousy-that-it-its-all-adorable El Cheapo and Stinko Nickel'n'Down-independent horror creatures, a gratifyingly terrible miracle released by the extremely crappy exploitation of Crown International Pictures So it could play in the 70's countless shitty coupons on countless drive-ins and was finally repeated like crazy on several small secondary cable stations of the 80s. Of course, I first saw this glorious, cruel deterrent on a fateful Saturday night in my early teens and have since had a deep-seated, if completely irrational, affection for it. A meteorite. <br /> <br /> A meteorite falls from the sky and plunges into the calm waters of a tranquil lake, which causes a dinosaur egg to hibernate until it hatches. Of course, the baby Dino instantly grows into a gigantic, waddling, growling, prehistoric giant with stupid fins, a long neck and a huge mouth full of small, sharp, serrated, stalagmite-like mouths. Our Southern roasted cousin of the Loch Ness monster promptly begins to hack into various, powerless Yokel residents of a formerly quiet and sleepy hillbilly seaside resort. It's up to the stalwart, brave sheriff Richard Cardella, who is assisted by Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, the vivacious buddy Kacey Cobb and impotent bland Nerdy scientist Bob Hyman with the help of the painfully idiotic comic charity. Oversized, lush Jurassic relapse ruins that Tourist industry, making all the campers and fishermen who earns the little hamlet deserves. <br /> <br /> Director / co-writer William R. Stromberg shows a wonderfully sad and thorough impression of unsuspecting incompetence when it comes to tempo, to create atmosphere, tight narrative constructions and, above all, to create sound, believable action his hopeless all-thumbs rank of amateur community actors. The performances are equally miserable: Cardella is far too bland and too wooden to cut through as a solid heroic guide, while the pathetic honest comics of Roberts and Seigel evoke an incredulous groan - they do not laugh with these two vile words raiding plaques as well as with them, especially when the unbearable fools discover a severed head that moves up and down in the murky seawater. Better yet, a clumsy integrated negotiation about a vicious, laid-back criminal leads to a spectacular supermarket pubs scene that degenerates into an incredibly stupid mini-massacre when a young lady interrupts the stick-up artist in the middle of a robbery! A subsequent chase is also heavily polluted; It is so limp and unimpressive that one feels relieved when the monster abruptly emerges to devour the nefarious refugee. In addition, David Allen's unconventional, intrusive stop-motion animation dinosaur is the authentic, gnarly article that projects a certain raw charisma, a sneaky reptilian personality and an overall powerful screen presence, all horrifyingly repressing human characters compared to a pathetic unpleasant person appears. And as for the rousing conclusion that the sheriff's bulldozer takes on our slavish beast, that's not the deciding word for this exciting confrontation.
