I can not say much more about this film than all the comments on page one, except - as Jesse says - "it's the berries". All commentators on the site wrote eloquently - almost as the dialogue in this film is. This may be one of those illusory things that we hear so much about, but usually made by the actors who deliver the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford has rigorously influenced the actors / actresses during the filming of this film, so that the beauty of the story is not lost. I also visited the church when I was very young and in my late teens. The pastor of the church spoke very eloquently and quietly like Rev. Maclean in his church. This in itself is a completely different picture portrayed by the Baptist churches in the south - there are no sacred roles in my church. It was a big church with many different programs to keep the church busy - perhaps the most inspiring part was the music department with its huge choir and almost classical hymns. The Sunday evening congregation was almost completely younger. Do you even know that once it was safe to go to church on Sunday night? How I wish it was still like that! Watching A River Run Through It is very similar to hearing a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As already written so beautifully, the sermon for this film is the open-air beauty of Montana - but is not there any rocket silos? Fly fishing or other activities that bring family members together for a happy life - and a deep understanding of each other - becomes a blessing. Although you also see some of the shady aspects of life, the simplicity of the story has a lasting effect on your heart, if you let it. Speakeasies and prostitutes resist the simple gatherings of old-fashioned community picnics featured in this film - in stark contrast to modern families who bring their children to Disney Land to scream for joy and "spend a day together" call. This is wrong, but as "River" shows, some of its silent beauty could do nothing but make life richer. This is the third movie in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a father, all different styles and brilliantly played. Brad Pitt, mostly an undiscovered talent with the exception of "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black," and all Cast members have earned many awards. Little stories that are narrated excellently receive 10 out of 10 points in every film with violence, evil language, ugliness and "action". I'm thinking especially of "Crash" and most "Arnolds" movies. What a savior for peace is this movie.
