(There is not much spoiler, because there is no conspiracy, but I guess I'll describe some of what happens ...) That's it. This is the nonsensical movie I have ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this film, though "bizarre", "ridiculous" and "ego-trip" are pretty close together. The first half hour or so are really weird music videos that have absolutely no plot or continuity. Besides, MJ is catching on in some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this section of the "movie" in the section where MJ flies through a carousel plane through seemingly halfway intro intro rejections and sections of Yellow Submarine (Dear Lord, you could not make it) Then there is something more than An hour later, the movie starts with a lot of loam (some really scary) that locates our "hero" and he's looking for an autograph. Obviously, our hitherto silent (discounting songs) are somewhat worried and he may temporarily lose them. Fortunately for him, because he means he can witness a falling star, and I do not mind that, turn myself into a clay rabbit. He uses that cunning disguise to try to sneak past them, but for reasons I can not remember now, they look through (oh no!) And the scary chase starts again. Cue another song (big shock there). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the end of the chase, MJ somehow brings the hare to life until he gets busted by a policeman (in the middle of the desert). It's apparently illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is just as strange. Highlights, including MJ cleaning up a bar after Smooth Criminal, including shooting a man's finger, not just killing the guy, but burning his shadow into the wall, la nuclear weapons. Another good moment is when MJ saw Mr. Big (Joe, "What the hell happened to his career at this point?" Peschi), kidnapped one of the children he was friends with, magically made a gun and in another moment of violence this pepper seemingly arbitrary this film, the fire opens in everything that moves. One last moment I want to mention is MJ, surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're more disguised as commandos than gangsters, which I think they are. How does he get out? He turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. This is the third of four transformations he almost always makes when cornered and / or fleeing. <br /> <br /> This movie is pretty surreal, with little plot and virtually no continuity
