Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, d. H. music videos are simply the best. I do not care if I get a decent sci-fi movie from this guy, but I want a medley of his crazy dances, screams, cool crowd choreography and some CGI and animation pieces. There should also be some uninterrupted videos. Everything I mentioned is here. Stupid plot and exaggerated "Vanity Fair" are no problem when I witness Michael Jackson's action. For me he will always be the ultimate king of music videos (not "King of Pop"), which sounds ruthless to us Russians because "pop" sounds like the Russian word for "ass" and MJ is definitely not "king of" donkeys I can watch his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) again and never get tired. <br /> <br /> My first impression of this movie was "What is this ...?" (Parts of various videos, some drawn pictures, unsettling jumps from one topic to another, no contiguous plotline, some kids fooling around, etc.), but when I saw it to the end, I could say that it was really great, nothing else in the world What I like here is that it never shows any nefarious material and can be watched by children without any problems.Without Mr. Michael Jackson, the universe of music videos would be rather meager.Even the best classic videos by other artists can be e nergetic exaggeration of MJ musical madness and artistic quality do not come very close. He knew how to reach audiences of different ages, and he knew how to remain a man of moral standards. <br /> <br /> When I see a decent DVD release with Mr. Michael Jackson videos, I know that it deserves to be bought, even though some clips have already been released in an earlier version. "HIStory I", "HIStory II" and "Moonwalker" are all great, though only "Moonwalker" is more like a movie (with a solid "Smooth Criminal" theme, "Paparazzi" theme and some weird spoofs and twists <br /> <br /> Since I'm not a fan of MJ, I can give this "movie ... like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (I've been hit with certainty by Smooth Criminal and my main complaints are As follows: Initial parts of the film may be dropped, while the "MJ Anti-Drug Campaign" should have received more "insane madness and stress" and of course there should have been more "moonwalking." Thank you for your attention.
