Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big Michael Jackson fan. I grew up with his music. Thriller was actually the first music video that I apparently saw. Believe it or not. There was a time when Michael Jackson was like a god to people, a time when women fainted at the sight of him before they really fainted before they saw him, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker paid homage to Michael's success when he released his famous Bad album, which was record breaking. It was the first album that had six top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting with his audience or capturing a story directly? not so much. <br /> <br /> We start off pretty easily: Jackson's music, life, career, success and the mania that was the biggest star of the 80's in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a gangster of the 30s, who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect the children. When Jackson was allowed to be near children, we cut him and played with the children and their dog in a field. The dog runs away, and in search of him, Jackson and the children uncover the hideout of Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, a drug trafficker, who trades in an army of henchmen who want to make the entire population of the world dependent on drugs. Starting with the children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the kids, but they flee. Jackson asks the kids to meet him at Club 30, which turns out to be a ghost nightclub that has been abandoned since the 1930s. The story goes back to the mobster attack on Jackson, and here it turns out that Jackson is indeed a magical gangster who draws his power from falling stars. As you pass the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and mows some of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story picks up the kids at Club 30, and at first the kids are scared, but when Jackson appears, the club's fearsome atmosphere changes and the kids return in the 1930s. The club is now full of zoo carriers and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance-off with the other club members, which serves as a music video for Smooth Criminal. At the peak of the song, Mr. Big besieged the club and kidnapped one of the kids, Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's hideout and is surrounded by his followers. Mr. Big appears and tortures Jackson mentally, threatening to inject Katie with addictive narcotics. While Katie manages to just grab Joe Pesci's glasses and get rid of the injection, Mr. Big decides he has had enough and orders his men to kill Katie before she did Jackson, but not before a shooting star flying over. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all the soldiers of Mr. Big. Yes, you want more craziness? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is having fun for the first half hour. Seeing Michael's success and all his hard work makes him revered by his fans. Is it mostly a hype on his album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how great he is. Then we go to his song "Leave Me Alone," which is somehow hypocritical, not that it's not a great song, just a small twist of events. Then, when we skip the shabby acting, the story was incredibly weak: The villain writes his name out loud while Michael and Katie spy on him, lol, Michael is suddenly a transformer high? The villain also has a kind of jet cannon that would make Marvin blush the Martian. But if there is something new, which is unbelievable, the movie is the new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfection, it's choreography, it's setting, it's song, it's a gentle style, Michael always goes beyond perfection, and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a child, I still watch it for fun, but it's by no means the best movie, it's pretty stupid, but it's all good, even if you're a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
