SAPS AT SEA is obviously a pun for a Gary Cooper movie, SOULS AT SEA. The title aptly describes the main team Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who are embarking on a voyage to relieve the nerves of ollie, to bump into the escaped killer Nick Grainger. As played by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both amusing and chilled, making him a fine foil to the boy's comedic characters. Despite his tremendous presence, Cramer never plays the role of the Boys, a tribute to Stan and Ollie's seductive charisma. That's the way it should be, as the boys in this movie are supposed to be the protagonists. <br /> <br /> The charm of Laurel and Hardy's Personas is that they increase the average material. AT SEA has its bad places for SAPS. For example, as one former commentator has noted, a doctor (the delighted James Finlayson) tries a balloon called "lung tester" on Ollie. The scenario is very episodic: the first part takes place in the boys' apartment and is almost completely independent of the second part in which they go to sea. Overall, however, the film is a very pleasant conversation with a sufficiently short duration, so that it is not too worn. <br /> <br /> The final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer is of particular importance Hal Roach I have not seen all the films of Laurel and Hardy after 1940, but those I've seen can not agree with the the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy appear to be in an alien environment robbed of such colorful supporting players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield's tangible musical scores. Nor are they the well-meaning and optimistic bumblebee we know and love, but in the later films they are either angry fools or pathetic losers. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy movies are generally no longer open to the public. Even in a smaller article like SAPS AT SEA, you can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. The reason for this was that Hal Roach largely granted artistic freedom to Stan Laurel, the senior force behind the team. After Laurel lost his autonomy in other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
