This is my third commentary trying to connect two legendary comedy comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. That was the day the former film from their longtime home studio of Hal Roach was filmed. I will go into the importance of the latter later. Apart from the fact that Stan and Ollie worked in the Lot of Fun the last time, they are also the last time they have seen such trusted supporters as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson appear in most of their films. It was also the last time that Art Lloyd acted as her cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who composed his theme song, which was referred to as "The Cuckoo Song" - her score. And it would be the last time that Stan Laurel has the full creative control over what's going on in the movie. If there are more gawky structures than usual in this L & H movie, it's nice to know that most of these gags are actually funny. These include most of the sound and visual effects provided by longtime Roach employee Roy Seawright. Here Ollie has "Hornophobia" while working in a noisy horn factory. Dr. Ollie does not like going by boat, so Stan suggests renting only one dock so they do not have to go anywhere. After finding one they like, we find out that the convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just fled ... I'll stop there and say that this was a good finale for L & H's long home that you could hope for. It's mostly hilarious from start to finish, and knowing that this is the last time the man responsible for his team is indeed poignant to think about. Oh, and I have a few more bars to mention: It's the last movie appearance by Harry Bernard, who plays a harbor policeman after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and Ben Turpin, the cross-eyed comic who's staring was born in New Orleans, a couple of hours from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second L & H performance previously "married" the boys in Our Wife. The latter in particular has a real comic moment. Alright, I mentioned 1940 when Stan and Ollie released their last movie at Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a comedy team, both born in New Jersey, took his first photo in his Universal home studio. The director of this film would be the same who directed L & H in The Flying Deuces the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. During this shoot, screenwriter Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident with a rolled-up rug. This incident prompted Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to her sickroom. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until Babes's death in 1957.
