This is followed by BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two films that are hard to beat. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless one insists on JITTERBUGS or another of the later films) that Laurel & Hardy did. It's just a small movie, without the crazy, destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the amazing sight of Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD. At 57 minutes, it's a bit shorter than the other two films, but that's actually not a bad point. It has just enough time to hit the right notes. It just is not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory that makes horns. I suspect that Chaplin was a bit biased in this sequence (one remembers a similar incident on the assembly line in MODERN TIMES just four years earlier). Ollie's nerves finally break and he rages. He goes home and (of course) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - a trombone). After beating up the poor professor, Ollie has problems with the incompetent janitor / engineer (Ben Turpin in a beautiful short appearance) and then presents himself to his physician (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nervous tester (a balloon inflating while breathing Eject Ollie's stomach). Finleyson announces that it is a bad case of "Horniphobia", and Ollie needs a holiday full of peace and goat's milk. In the end, they go to a ship, but Ollie and Stan do not know anything about seamanship - so they want to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat gnaws the rope until it breaks and the ship leaves. On board is unfortunately also Richard Cramer, a dangerous criminal. This will not be a quiet holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (like a CHUMP) could have been three shorts, one in the factory, one in the apartment and one on the boat. Everyone would have been a successful short and everyone is making a funny movie - but putting the pieces together shows. There are some very amusing moments in the film - the discovery of how Turpin's inability causes various disasters with taps and stoves in the home; the random comments from Building Manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie walks past him asking for instructions ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks - "Of course you can not miss it - it's downstairs!" says Hall), who realizes what a stupid comment he just made); and Cramer's mistreatment of his two hostage slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allusion to the Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal teams of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey's THE PRIDE OF ST. LOUIS). Cramer lets the boys make him something - and they make a synthetic meal (for example, spaghetti laces) so he gets sick because he's overwhelmed. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Her reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not comparable to the top films of Laurel & Hardy, but it is overall a good movie and a good graduation for the best years of her film career (1927-1940) when she joined Hal Roach were. In the early years before the release, the boys and Roach had serious problems with production costs (OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic problems (scenes from SWISS MISS were trimmed meaninglessly), and contractual arguments (which led to it) Ollie appears with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie returned with THE FLYING DEUCES, which did not produce Roach but Boris Morros. A two-picture deal from A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA closed the arguments and problems - and the guys left Roach. Unfortunately, they never found a later movie relationship with a producer as satisfying as before.
