I enjoyed this movie much more than anything that made me anticipate. If I read other comments here, I suppose that it is very useful to be seen on a big screen in the cinema, accompanied by a happy and enthusiastic audience. I was fortunate enough to have had this experience, carried away by laughing laughter from all over, and had a very good time with this unpretentious comedy. <br /> <br /> Because it's like a comedy when it shines shining everywhere. The music is nothing special - in fact I was not aware that she was a musical, and was very surprised when the assembled ancestors broke into semi-spoken poetry - but I have to admit that half the threat Half the promise of " Oh, what I'm going to do ... "turned out to be a lot more catchy than it ever seemed at the time, as it's still running around in my head! <br /> <br /> The story as it is, revolves largely around the past of the same name Francesca, a portrait of the 16th century, wearing a very anachronistic hairstyle and a fur coat. Your idea of ​​the sanctity of marriage is not quite right with those of their distant Nachkommenin, the Countess Angelina, consistent, and one can almost hear the action under the load of production Code creaking at the seams to ensure that the heroine arrives unimpressed in their delayed marriage bed with the right man ... <br /> <br /> the romance is hardly bitter breaking, and in fact the first scenes were pretty good, just on the boring. But where script and film really come to life is the battle of the sexes. The insolence of Douglas Fairbanks Jr.'s courting of Betty Grable's married Angelina is only attained by Betty-Grable-as-Francesca's persecution upon him culminating in a complete role reversal in the hilarious fantasy sequence in which she literally sweeps his feet. This is probably the comic highlight of the conspiracy, although the consequences of understandable confusion of the Supreme with a deft touch of the remaining two "acts" of the operetta structure are worked out and the spectacle of Fairbanks is blissful, confused awakening worth more or less than the price of admission by itself , <br /> <br /> Grable is completely convincing when it comes to establish their two contrasting characters, as almost all the (limited) singing opportunities, and shares the honor, where swaths of citation are dialogue in the various verbal Duels affected. However, in the field of unspoken reaction, she is truly surpassed by her male supportive leads; In particular, Fairbanks is an absolute delight in a series of wordless sequences whose structure and humor are worthy of the quiet canvas. <br /> <br /> This film is too inconsistent in style to be a classic that detracts from sparkling musicians to hate boredom. But most of all, it's really very funny and at the end of the auditorium brought spontaneous applause and laughter as the lights come on. In keeping with his time, it may not have succeeded in attracting contemporary audiences - but it really did not deserve to be rejected by both Grable and Preminger, the (uncredited) director. This is not a masterpiece, but a thoroughly entertaining side job, and I found myself grinning all the way home.
