This was the first PPV in a new era for WWE, with Hulk Hogan, The Ultimate Warrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel all gone. A new crop of talent had to be pushed forward. And it all started with Lex Luger, a former NWA World Heavyweight champion who won a title shot against yokozuna. Lex traveled the United States in a bus called Lex Express to inspire Americans to gather behind him to beat the Japanese monster (who was actually a Samoan) and get the WWE championship back into American hands. Therefore, there was great anticipation of this game. <br /> <br /> But every good PPV needs a sub card, and this one had some good stuff. <br /> <br /> The night began when Razor defeated Ramon Ted DiBiase in a good match. The story went that DiBiase had chosen Ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after losing a 1-2-3 kid on RAW in July. Ramon, angry, then teamed up with the 1-2-3 Kid against the Money Inc tag team of Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster. To make up for their differences, they both got a single match: DiBiase vs. Ramon and Shyster vs. The Kid. Razor could finish his side of the deal after hitting a Razor's Edge. Next came the Steiner Brothers, who brought the WWE Tag Team Titles into the game against The Heavenly Bodies. Through the intervention of "The Bodies" manager Jim Cornette, who hit Scott Steiner with a tennis racket in the neck, they managed to win the victory in a decent match. Shawn Michaels and Mr. Perfect had been enemies since Wrestlemania IX when Shawn confronted Michaels Perfect after defeating Lex Luger. Perfect had Michaels then tasted the Intercontinental Championship when he had distracted him in a title fight against Marty Janetty. Michaels had won the title back and put him against Mr. Perfect on the line, but now Michaels had a powerful ally in the corner of his 7-foot bodyguard Diesel. Micheals and Perfect had an excellent game here, but it was the diesel that could prove the difference by pulling Perfect out of the ring and throwing him into the steel steps for Shawn to win by countdown. Irwin R. Irwin R Shyster avenges the loss of his tag team partner earlier in the night and easily took the 1-2-3 kid with him. <br /> <br /> Next came one of the big games of the night when Bret Hart prepared himself for Jerry Lawler for the title of undisputed king of WWE. But Lawler came out with crutches and said he had been injured in a car accident that day, and he had arranged another opponent for Hart: Doink the Clown. Hart and Doink had a passable game that Hart won with a sniper. He was then jumped from behind by Lawler. This brought WWE President Jack Tunney to the ring, telling Lawler that if he did not fight Hart, he would receive a life-long ban. Hard destroyed Lawler and won with the sniper, but Hart refused to let go of the grip and the referee reversed his decision. Thus, Lawler finally became the undisputed king of WWE. It was followed by Ludvig Borda, who destroyed Marty Janetty in a short game. The Undertaker ended its long rivalry with Harvey Wippleman, who started in 1992 when Undertaker at Summerslam defeated Wippleman's club at Summerslam as Wippleman's youngest monster The Giant Gonzales had destroyed Taker in the Rumble and then once again in Wrestlemania, with one crucial Victory over Gonzales here. Gonzales then turned to Wippleman and gagged him after a bad match. <br /> <br /> Next, it was time for six man-day actions, when the Smoking Gunns (Bart and BIlly) and Tatanka hit the headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and defeated Bam Bam Bigelow with Tatanka, who nails Samu , <br /> <br /> This brings us to the main event with yokozuna, flanked by Jim Cornette and Mr Fuji, who put the WWE title against Lex Luger and everything was aboard the Lex Express. Lex came out of the attack, but yokozuna took control. Lex came back when he could avoid a banzai drop and then the body slam yokozuna before slapping him out of the ring. Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji when yokozuna was counted. Luger had won a good match !!!!! Balloons fell from the ceiling. The heroes all came out to congratulate him on his win. Yokozuna had retained the title, but Luger had proved he could be beaten. The only question was, who could beat him in the ring and get that title from him?
