I think Spider-Man is the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever made. It may be a bit simple, but you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and comic covers. This makes up for the fact of how easy it is to get through the game. It may seem hard to control at first glance, but once you get the hang of it, you'll be web-slinging like Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> The bosses are pretty easy like the levels, but they are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to defeat, which should not be so, as Scorpion, as fans of comic books know, is one of Spider-Man's deadliest villains. The second boss, Rhino, is also very light. The third boss is Venom, who in my opinion is the simplest boss in the game, which definitely should not be the case. The 4th boss is Venom again. This time he is a bit harder to beat, but still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who in my opinion is the funniest boss in the game. He's also one of the harder bosses, but still pretty easy. The next boss is Carnage, who is easy to beat. But Carnage is really fun to fight. 7. Chef is Doctor Octopus, who like all other bosses is simple, but not as easy as the others because he has a shield. The 8th and final boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic or comic. I will not spoil it for those who did not play the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game who is not too easy. Has tried 4 or 5 times to beat, while the others that I have defeated on the first or second try. <br /> <br /> All in all a very good game. I gave him an 8 out of 10 points. The reason why I did not give 9 or 10 is that once you've gotten all the costumes and comic covers, it gets pretty boring (getting all the stuff, though, will take a while). According to the comic books or comic shows, this is not very accurate, the bosses are too simple and they should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as boss. I think it would be fun to fight someone flying around in the air! You also did not use them in the sequel to this game! Well, the Green Leprechaun is the villain of the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they'll create a video game based on the movie.
