Jacknife is a war film that is as far from war as war films. It can hardly be classified as a war movie, because the only way a war affects history or characters is in their memory, and even these are rarely shown to us. It asks very interesting questions about life, especially in the way the slogan of the film states that only one of them is really alive (and by the way, even if the slogan is only Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro), all three characters in the film). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take Dave on a fishing trip that they planned much longer than you might suspect. <br /> <br /> DeNiro offers a perfect performance of the character of Megs, we are not really sure if we should like him or if he is really as crazy as Martha believes. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not his friend, only someone he knows. At the beginning of the movie, there's a great scene in which Megs brought out a six-pack of beer for breakfast from his car, and he's just around the corner of the room when Dave says so. Megs pauses for a moment and then enters the room with a smile and a big greeting. Only later will you realize how Megs must have felt comfortable when he heard that. They had remembered what they had planned that day. It reminds me of the deception of the old, "Sure, let's do that" thing that people say so often without having any plans to do anything like that. Ed Harris does a wonderful job like Dave, who never got over the effects of the war on him. Many years later he failed to overcome the death of a friend during the war, to blame himself to this day and to drown his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. He just wants people to leave him alone. This is not a man who lives his life the way he wants, whether people actually leave him alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he lives as far as possible from the world of the living to solve. <br /> His sister Martha reminds me, at least as far as my roommates are concerned. I have two roommates, who are 21 and 24 years old, and both pretend to still live with their mother, and expect their confusion to just disappear when they leave the room for a while. One (especially the older one) has absolutely no idea how to take care of himself. I am surprised that I do not have to wipe his chin while eating. Martha has to do the same for her brother, whom she waits with her hands and feet as he staggers through life from one hangover to the next. Martha and Dave are in a stagnant life and none of them can free themselves from life until something important changes, and Dave is the one who has to make the change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movies where it just does not belong as much as Roger Ebert does about those wretched little voltage devices, the red digital display. But in that case, I do not think the romance that developed between Megs and Martha negatively affected the rest of the movie. On the contrary, it made it a lot more interesting because it was unpredictable. The problem with the romantic subplots in Bruckheimer films is that they are so predictable that you just wait for the obvious end and hope that something interesting happens along the way. In this case, though, it's not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha might be right with him, that he is one of Dave's crazy war comrades and not the man she should be with. Dave undoubtedly encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (Spoiler) A few years after this film, DeNiro made Cape Fear play a fucking criminal for revenge on the lawyer who put him in jail. In retrospect, it's easy to think that maybe At the end of Jacknife Martha realizes her mistake, eliminates Megs and apologizes to her and Dave for saving her from a terrible relationship and then decides to clean up his act because he has done something good for her. I half expected this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs got together, and even more pleasant when Megs Dave asked all questions about what they had planned after the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this is a slow-moving drama, but Jacknife is entertaining along the way and ends up with a great reward that is surprisingly juicy without being cheesy. At the end of the movie, there is almost an excess of emotion that barely matches the rest of the movie, but it's so good that it does not do anything stupid what the movie has achieved so far. Everyone involved is doing a wonderful job, and it's one of those rare movies you just want to get up and shake your fists victoriously in the air.
