The combination of reading the novella and watching this movie has inspired my wife and me to new levels. I recently thought about a statement by artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books. He says, "You and I were not designed to breathe the stinking air of five o'clock traffic, and I do not think God had in mind banal television programs, media hype, worthless purchases, and soul pollution when he created the universe. "I had not seen in a few years" A river runs through, "but after thinking about Kinkade's statement, I was drawn to seeing the movie with spiritual eyes. I saw it and saw a whole new world in the movie and it inspired me to read the book (a must). I was always frustrated in Southern California, but somehow I got into its materialistic society. The movie really shows how we should really experience God's creations. A combination of Maclean's story and my desire to return to the Northwest has brought me to Montana. I want my future children to be able to explore the landscape, go fly fishing with me, ride horses in nothing but open country, and serene lakes on the mountainside. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around in SoCal and see everything I see, malls, rude growling people in their Mercedez Bens, miles of overcrowded highway vehicles, gangs, racial riots on the brink of a violent eruption, and all skeptical of each other's intentions. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the movie is very inspiring with brilliant acting and a deep story about the fragile connections of loved ones. There is a lot of thought in this film. The landscape alone is worth seeing and actually helps to reduce tensions. You should end this movie relaxed and at the same time gain insights into your own life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to truly grasp the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and understand how a director achieves his or her goals through dialogue, sound, light, color, scenery, camera angles / movement, etc., then this movie is unlikely to be for the viewers who "The Fast and the Mad "is the biggest movie. Granted, it was entertaining but shallow. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: This film helps to realize that life is not about how much money you have or what things you own. Rather, it's about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together. QUALITY NOT QUALITY
