"The Italian" is one of the big or almost big films of 1915, which are available today. The year was a turning point for feature films, especially in America: Lois Weber's "Hypocrites", Cecil B. DeMille's "The Cheat" and, of course, D.W. Griffith's "The Birth of a Nation" set new standards for the arts. This year, Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best pictures, "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French series 'Les Vampires' still has their admirers today, although I can not agree with them. The emergence of the feature film was led by Europe, especially Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and, to a degree, art shifted in 1915 across the Atlantic. <br /> <br /> The outstanding artistic achievement of 'The Italian' is the impressive and often innovative film art. There are some scenic sunsets, mobile frames, including a short, top-down shot of the Italian race to buy a wedding ring, and another shot in which he clings to a moving car, and in general, different camera angles and experts meaningfully used lighting throughout. A particularly amazing setting is a close-up of the Italian, who is angry as he slowly approaches the camera to get an extreme close-up regarding D.W. Griffith's "Musketeers of the Pig Alley" (1912). He is so angry that his surroundings tremble even around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the cameraman seems to be unknown. The director, although originally without credit in the film, is now known to have been Reginald Barker. About five of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but tend to be unremarkable. 'Civilization' (1916), which he worked on, was a big production but a deeply flawed film. Incidentally, I would guess that one or more of the various filmmakers who worked on 'Civilization' also photographed 'The Italian'. <br /> <br /> In addition, the entire production was very advanced at the time. Venice and New York are well rendered, though the film was filmed in Los Angeles (for the romanticized Venice) and San Francisco (for the ethnic slums of New York). There are extensive flashbacks, though maybe one or two are too many. I particularly like the neat design of the narration, which is read in a book by a character of the same actor, George Beban, who also plays the main role in the inner main narrative. The reading of the story is briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and end at the end of the curtains à la Theater, which is reflected in the inner story during the vengeance in the nursery with the opening and closing of window curtains Parallel editing, in-camera dissolves and Iris, and they are treated properly. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams play well as his wife. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, 'The Italian' has some disadvantages. The early moments of the comedy of the film clash rather inharmoniously with the last parts of the hard and heavy melodrama, though the environment changes from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York, mainly because it is supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, compounded by the blatant photography, must have been cumbersome for the immigrant class, which at that time constituted a disproportionately large population of the film audience. The Corrigan character should have played more; his brief introduction to another politician seems inadequate for his later central role in the Italian's revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naïve or careless, unable to explain the child's lack of breastfeeding and the unjustified belief in the healing powers of rest for the other child. Apart from the flaws in the conspiracy, "The Italian" is exceptionally well done.
