Did you see The Graduate? It was celebrated as the film of his generation. But a river flows through It is the story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character was trapped in the traps of the modern suburb, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul saw the same pressure as they grew up trying to find their place in the world. But how could a place like Montana, after the First World War, be a showcase for the American family at a time when the Wild West had not completely disappeared? What has Maclean touched so deeply about who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves? At the beginning of the film, Norman is an old man who flies on a rushing river and tries to understand the course of his own life. The movie is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, against the current of time and back when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a Presbyterian minister and a devoted mother. The parents fit in well with their roles. Mama takes care of the house and the home. Dad does the work of the Lord. The boys think about what they become when they grow up. Norm has narrowed it to a boxer or a minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul would be the boxer, as he was told that his first choice as a professional fly fisherman does not even exist. The boys grow up and get into trouble with their strings, fight for who is tougher, and do what brothers do as they visit the church and participate in all other spiritual matters such as fly fishing. They are at similar points in their pre-college life. But when Norm returns from his six years in Dartmouth, things look very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master Flyfisherman. Graduate of a college and newspaper reporter nearby who knows every cop and judge on the bank. Norman is remarkably well-trained for his day, but has no idea what to do with his life, even if his father asks him what he's up to. You feel, at least for pops, God will call you to your life's work. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it - all your life. Father has always taken his boys to reflect on the riverbank and to contemplate God's eternal words. "Listen," her father urges. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a Stoic cleric. But despite all the beauty and contemplation, and although the Macleans are truly a God-fearing, biblically attentive household, why is Rev. Maclean's family dissolving? Paul is true perfection as he fishes the river, but he feels the pull and drink while his family does not know how to keep him from moving to where he seems to be heading. Mom, dad and brother all seem to have the same quiet despair, not knowing what to do and why they can not help. Pauly dismisses everything with a grin and his irresistible charm. But the younger brother loses his grip. Norman begins to bring his life on course, to find love and career, but Paul slips on. The family that loves him looks helpless. Mother, father, brother stumble in their own way and try to help but not very effectively. How can a family that loves itself be so ill-equipped to handle it? How can someone be so artful and graceful when he is in the nature of God yet somehow unwilling or unwilling to integrate into the constructs of society that have made God's people His own? These are all questions that Norman will think about all his life. The eternal words under the smooth stones of the river pursue him eternally, but keep their secrets. The movie is nice to look at. This is certainly God's land, and the filming has won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story from the book and teases the narration a little to follow the emotional pattern he's presenting, and it works well. But go back and read the book. You'll see how Norman links up with his old man even more than the movie suggests - and you see the places where the storyteller's words gargle and sing straight from the side, a river being flooded with a river the unknown.
