I read the short story by Norman Maclean, and the film did justice to Norman Maclean's writing. My husband tends to re-read it occasionally, and I've read it myself, and scenes of the film keep coming back to my mind. We have videos from many of Redford's films, and we've seen A River run through through many times. Redford is part of the "family" as he is always close by. We never tire of Redford's understanding of Norman Maclean writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me of my own upbringing, since my father had the same vocation as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A River Runs Through," "Methodists are Baptists who can read," a line that by the way is not in the short story, but I think that's a funny line! My husband and I are well-read Baptists! <br /> <br /> I heard a movie critic said the tempo of this movie is too slow. I do not agree with you. In the quest for inner peace, this is the kind of film where you can see the beauty of nature in the three / four-time rhythm of the metronome. The photography is excellent! Acting is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul talked as guys and asked me if you could be fly fishing or boxing! As an adult, Paul, played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven), is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism but will not accept him. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait. He needed help, but he did not accept the fact that he needed help. The scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the entire family has to wait an eternity to say mercy! After hours, they all kneel around the table and say, "Grace!" and they all go away. But the porridge remained on the plate! This scene where the two birds and their tattoos love on their backgrounds! This is funny! The sunburn! The return home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to cross the train line! A beautiful dialogue that Norman Jessie suggests because he wants her to come to Chicago with him! Redford does a great job as a narrator. I could not help but compare Brad to young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The nominated director, producer and actor is a visionary who must be praised not only in the cinema in the US but around the world. I'm glad to live in nineteen hundred years because I've seen the beginning of black and white television, the movies and all the technology and special effects to watch videos at home and to live in the same century as Redford, because I had the chance to see his works. Redford does not need special effects to showcase the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. For me, the river is the line that separates life from death, memories, and realities. Redford shows the Creator's hands so great and a river flows through him.
