Coonskin could be my favorite movie by Ralph Bakshi. Like the best of his work, it's a face-to-face question, not that she's not ashamed for a second, but unlike some of his other work (even if he's at his best, before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards), It is not much uneven, despite opposite appearances. Bakshi naturally takes stereotypes and notions of race true, but he also makes a seemingly outspoken commercial exploitation film. almost blaxploitation, although Bakshi does not stop there. If it were just a blaxploitation movie with imaginative animations, this might be enough for a rich feature. Bakshi's goals, however, are higher: to raise these grotesque and exaggerated images of not just blacks, but also Italians / mafioso, homosexuals, Jews and all New York types in the districts of Manhattan in the 70s is not about anything to make realistic. The most-looking creation, when you see "real", is in fact a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> At the ridicule of these stereotypes and conventions and terrible forms of racism (ie "tar") -rabbit, baby "joke, yes joke plus black face", we are looking at abstraction to a great extent Best of all is that Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a movie like Bamboozled who transmits his message, which is why Coonskin is, for the most part, a hilarious piece of work that involves some pictures and things, sudden twists and turns Of course, scenes of awkward behavior (I loved the scene in which the three animated characters are spoken) with the real white couple in the tuxedo and dress up as "colorful" and the like) are just too much not to laugh just the pictures, which are in and of themselves incredibly "over" -stylized, but also that the script is spicy, and this is the key for Bakshi, considering it's a rather coherent narrative ng, which brings with it the improvisations and the madness. <br /> <br /> First we used live action, then animation and then a very clever matching of the two (ironically, what Bakshi later did in commercial terms with Cool World would make it a T with less money and a rougher edge), Pappy and Randy wait in front of a prison wall for a buddy to flee, and Pappy tells of the story of Brother Rabbit going to Harlem with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox and Rabbit becoming big Hoodlums in direct opposition a Jabba-the-hat-esquire Godfather character. This is obviously a lift off from Song of the South with its deliberately happy storyline and animation, taken apart here and shown how lazy and offensive it really is. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Bakshi goes bankrupt while combining forms; Animated characters are behind live action backgrounds and are behind it. When it comes to violence, gunfire and fighting, it's as bloody for 1975 as it can possibly be. If a dirty cop is in a bar and drugged in blackface and a dress, he stumbles in a way that even Disney could not reach with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent during the climax is shot in wild slow motion; Archive footage appears from time to time with old films, some and some from the 1920s that are simply tasteless. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or more recently, Bakshis Coonskin acts as an entertainment program and then the second provocation. It is also bold filmmaking on an independent scale; Everything from the long takes to the montage and the endlessly distorted designs for the characters (all based on the theme of the piece) all serve the idea in the script, in which the B-movie plot offers much more interpretation. To call it racist, it misses the point. It's like being dr. Strangelove pro-nuclear devastation or Confederate States of America call slavery. And for me, one of the best satires ever made.
