Finally, after watching Walt Disney's Song of the South on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's reaction to this movie, Coonskin-on Afro Video, which I linked from Google Video. During the live-action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) to win Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas) before he professionally added Michael by his middle name) as the two escaping from prison. During her attempt, Pappy Randy tells a story of Brother Rabbit (voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White) and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these bakshi aspirations, there is a mix of animation and live action that offers the author / director a unique perspective that will surely offend some people. Another intriguing cartoon character is Miss America, a huge, in every way gigantic, white-blond woman in skin-tight red, white and blue stars and stripes, who has a little black man in hand and shot him in a sexually violent way that shocking funny for me! There are many such scenes throughout the picture, one of which, referring to the frontal anatomy of Brother Bear, also caused great laughter of mine. There is also a part of a woman who tells her baby about a "cockroach" she was friends with and brought into contact with that part, which seems to recall comic artist George Herriman. I was also intrigued to hear how Grover Washington Jr.'s version of "Is not No Sunshine" belongs as part of the score. The most convincing part of the picture was how the scatman himself was depicted with his head in silhouette during the opening sequence, singing and chatting to a song using the n-word in a satirical manner. When I saw a VHS cover of this movie years ago, Brother Rabbit was outraged in front of the Warner circles with the slogan "This movie is going to insult EVERYTHING". This is a warning to anyone who thinks all cartoons are for kids. That said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to the fans of Bakshi and any form of animation.
