An amazing insight occurs when a phenomenon occurs !! Be it, firecrackers go off, witnessing a robbery, a hurricane that is inexorably destroying everything on its way, or any other spectacular incident !! In the case of the Maclean family, however, reveille was something no more complex than daily life. Montana in the early twentieth century was an environment that was rough and tumbling ... The Maclean family consisted of four people, the father, a minister who was ideologically driven to raise his family properly. His wife was God-fearing and dutiful. The two boys were ... well, boys ... what else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before he really was THAT! Brad Pitt and his acting performance in this film was, to say the least, remarkable !!! - His brother Norman was the type of brain, he was touched by real feelings and motivated by a set of values ​​Missoula, Montana agreed !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was an off-set loser and marginalized ... You might think that Montana did not have that in the 1920s, but somehow gambling, drinking, and violent confrontation were Paul's part of it, what was his fly fishing rod! ! Fly fishing !! Did I say that? By the way, this was the core of the theme of this movie !! The replica of fly fishing served as a link that homogenized the related spirits of the Maclean brothers and, to a lesser extent, the father. I would call the acting in this film incredibly believable, and the cinematography was more than sensational. If you see this movie, you will want to live in Montana. A breathtaking filmography of Blauer as Blue Mountains and Brooks conquered the youth and roaring that the Maclean brothers had for life ... Rarely in a movie do you show that feelings immediately instill a persistent stubbornness to achieve that, whatever To reach someone Better or worse, the father knew that this would be the only way the two men could become !! ... Robert Redford directs the film and tells the story of Maclean from the perspective of older brother Norman ... Norman is offered at the age of 26 at the University of Chicago and marries the woman he will always be in love with. What also points out in this film is that the younger brother Paul has attained perfection Not for himself, because he is the epitome of a remarkable fly fisher !! In the existence of the younger brother reigns the robust side of life and carries out a treacherous form of dismay for the Maclean family !! As most human deficits go, the Maclean Family has (literally) created a turbulent waters and thus created unity as a family by putting on the necessary blinders !!! <br /> <br /> The end of the movie "River" Runs Through It "is an epigram of life through the eyes of the older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for endurance in his emeritus years !! Fate is in large part due to the fact that thinking about his life equals a yearning for the dead! The good memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father must now be philosophical !! For Norman his life became of stubborn facts banned, those who have determined his dubious attitude and his precarious resolve! Something as simple as the statement, "This was your life, and that's how you lived it," is a grim reminder of joy, sorrow, regret, and love, best of all in the last sermon he heard from his dad, he said, "We can totally love someone, without completely understanding it ". Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it still happened! Norman Maclean has to deal with the fact that his life has been shattered by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has evolved into a decrepit octogenarian polarized into his life by virtual conclusions !! The murky waters of the picturesque rivers of Montana serve its down-to-earth and bitter conclusions for its years on earth !! Without question, the very productive statement "What seems complicated is really very simple," gives a very bitter message in this film ... Put simply, the people and places that were important in Norman's life are now only bittersweet Reminder ... just a painful intellectual rumination of events worsened by the enchanted waters of Montana's beautiful streams and rivers ... For the entire Maclean family, "all things merge together and a river flows through them"
