There's a legion of Mick Garris haters who feel like he can not make a horror movie of quality if he has to. As an example, SLEEPWALKERS (Stephen King's screenplay) is often used. I like SLEEPWALKERS, although I'm fully aware that Garris is just saying F # ck and hell breaks out in the movie after about fifteen minutes. Forget the character or action development, who needs them anyway. It's about violent chaos and bloody massacre, (pull feline-human shapeshifters that suck the life force from virgin innocent from city to city, a really powerful nomadic life lead) as a mother and son pair of "sleepwalkers" sees a teenager who does not give up without a fight. Before all is said and done, many will be slaughtered, as a mother can not bear the possible death of her beloved son. Garris wasted little time to align them as a teacher (Glenn Shadix) who suspects the whole American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) is a person completely different than the one from which he claimed that demolished his hand and Neck is torn in the neck. Charles lures beautiful virgins into his arms, draws her energy and "feeds" his hungry mama Mary (Alice Krige). The new new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and it seems as if it were a light Pickens, but that will not be the case, and if Charles is seriously injured in a fight (.. thanks to deputies cat Clovis) Mary's revenge is being harvested on all those who find their way. Mary, Hell or Flood, brings Tanya back to "refresh" her dying son. Like many teenagers, I had a crush on certain actresses I saw in the movies. Like Amy Dolenz I was amazed by girl Amick. She is just adorable in this movie and I love the way she bites her lower lip and an obvious attraction to Charles shows without knowing its ulterior motives. All I knew was that girl Amick would become a screaming queen, but that would never be the case. Too bad, because I received them with open arms in the genre. <br /> <br /> Krige is delicious as the menacing, damn sexy but vicious and nasty bitch that an entire police and the poor parents of Tanya extinguishes at once in less than ten minutes. She sticks with a corncob in the back! She bites off poor Ron Perlman's fingers before she breaks his arm (a protruding bone) and makes him unconscious with his own elbow! She throws Tanya's mother through a window after she has broken a rose vase over her father's face! A deputy is stabbed in his ear by Charles (cop-kebab!) And falls on the pin for extra impact. Poor Tanya is pulled out of her house by Mary, driven into Brady's house and forced into an improvised dance with the crippled monster! The sheriff is thrown onto a picket fence and we see how cats, unlike humans, fight the sleepwalkers. We see the ability of Mary and Charles to "dim" themselves and their car with invisibility. The author Stephen King even finds time to involve himself and his colleagues in a horror movie scene sequence with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensics officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as photo experts. The film is with a wink, let it all hang while the music hammered this technique home adequately. It's about ultra-violence, it's as simple as that, with some confused behavior and deep black humor that complements Garris' director and King's script. The incestuous angle of the sleepwalker is a bit shattering and in-your-face. Without a bit of complexity, this is more likely to be King's dementia MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE than his more serious works.
