Batman and Superman. Iconic The largest part of a century. Who does not know the two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora has put together a trailer for such a movie (which does not exist and is not yet created by this team). Maybe that's what this most promises, how polished it is. The cinematography is consistently solid. The processing is accurate. The production values, even though the costumes are more like their cartoon colleagues than those of the feature films with these characters, are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. The physical types fit, as far as I can tell, for each character. The lines are written appropriately. The recordings are well thought out, well done and pretty effective. This, however, has some problems, and although it looks good, it does not match the energy and skill of Grayson (who only had the problem of staggering too much between a short and a pendant as unrestrained passion, too many characters, and so on Involves ideas). The spectacle is perhaps the most obvious. It is not good. Even some who only have one line and / or barely appear on screen do not manage to perform well. The performers cast in the roles seem to have been chosen more for how much they resemble the characters they play than for their talent. Then there is the scripture. Really, the conspiracy, well, how tiny it is (this and this character team up, anything about a bad conspiracy ...) is fine. There is a problem with the characterization. While most characters seem to fit, Two-Face is something of a raving madman (which, quite simply, as far as I understand, is not what the character is), as he was (and has) in Batman Forever Work to portray every element of the Batman universe in comparison to the efforts of Joel Schumacher can be considered as the biggest insult to a fan. If you take this character in this direction, there will be comparisons between this trailer and this movie (frankly, Collora practically asks for such an initial revelation) and, frankly, loses it with all respect. Michael Antonik definitely does not have the screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones has, and the make-up (which, as I said, is essential) is not as strong as that of the movie (whether it was good or not, film is another thing) , The sad part is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) immerses far more into the comics and better captures the depths of them (not to mention having the ability to dispense with a convincing plot) Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films (or more), Collora seems to be the one who has access to funds and the one who has more contacts (because of the non-indie credit on his filmography) you have the chance I'm planning to see other works by Collora, but Fiorella is one of the two whose work I'm most interested in. I recommend it to fans of the characters / 10
