I say that at first: ... why, oh why, can not WB do what these short film directors are doing? Sandy is obviously a great director and deserves some recognition from WB and DC. But I think they're kind of nervous when a guy with a $ 12,000 budget can drool a superhero fan. The World's Finest is one of the best short films I've ever seen, trailer or not. I think it was an ingenious choice to play a bodybuilder (Mike O'Hearn) for Superman. Let's face it, folks, Superman is not a supermodel. He may be handsome, but he is not a GQ stud. And I do not know what this guy had a few comments on me, but Superman is actually quite beefy (have you ever read a Superman comic?). I guess that fact alone just makes me so ... It seems so obvious to get someone with muscle mass to play a superhero instead of having a pretty face. The same goes for Batman, Bartram is in incredible shape and an excellent Batman ... I do not know any boys ... If you have a bigger budget and your own movie ... I think Bale and Bartram are neck and neck. Bottom line, this is one of the few super hero movies with actors who really look the part. <br/> <br /> The Acting is also pretty nice. I do not know what everyone is talking about, O'Hearn is not that bad. He's damned convincing as Superman and Bartram ... Well, he's Batman. I mean, come on, guys, this movie had a budget of $ 12,000, what did you expect? Everyone else is great too, except Two-Face seems a bit crazier than usual ... But hey, we only have Tommy-Lee Jones as a reference. Oh, Lois is also pretty hot. <br /> <br /> The SFX are just amazing. I mean, Superman picking up the car ... MAN, how cool is that? Compared to the "tank" scene in Grayson, I may need to raise this one higher, as Mike actually looks like he's flying, and with ease. The flying sequences left much to be desired, but again with a bigger budget ... Oh, and he even used a Batmobile! (It was probably a model, but it looked damn convincing). <br /> <br /> All in all, the only downfall of this trailer was the lack of a serious budget. And WB does not admit that Collora is a credible director, and NEEDS has to somehow disassociate itself from a project ... But no, they (like most Marvel projects) will just always get those hack directors that almost do not pay attention to the fans and what matters to them, and stir up these gamble movies again and again. Thankfully, Superman Returns was a hit, or that would have been the end of it. The best in the world is excellent, and in my book it is considered a superhero movie.
