When John Wayne shot his Alamo story, he had built a complete alamo set in Brackettsville, Texas, which is still there and quite a tourist attraction. As long as that stands, we have a sentence for future alamo interpretations for the screen. One with Dennis Quaid and Billy Bob Thornton was completed in this century. <br /> <br /> But I would say, The Alamo: Thirteen Days To Glory is the best Alamo story I've ever seen. John Wayne's movie is a good movie when it's over-hyped, but it's a John Wayne movie where the story was refreshed to fill parameters of John Wayne's video character. Brian Keith plays Davy Crockett here and gives a fine interpretation of his insane borderline character. <br /> <br /> It's much closer to Professor Lon Tinkle's The Alamo book than the Wayne movie and after reading the book years I can confirm that. Tinkle's book is listed as the source in both films, but Tinkle, who lived at the time when the Wayne movie was finished, was not satisfied with the result. Alec Baldwin was the right age for young people William Barrett Travis, the idealistic freedom fighter, who incidentally was a slave owner. At that time nobody saw the ironic contradiction in it. One thing that was not researched and was not was the hyperactive sex drive of Travis. He was the Casanova of the Southwest, he even kept a sharper diary of his libidinous conquests. <br /> <br /> But the man who always knows is Jim Bowie, played here by James Arness. Although he was a hero in the Alamo, his career before the Alamo was that of a rogue. He was a smuggler, a slave trader, an all-around jerk who sold land for which he had a questionable title. But his heroic death has certainly redeemed him. No indication of this can be seen in Arness' portrayal, nor any others I've seen on Bowie's screen. And of course he designed the Bowie knife according to his specifications. This man needed such a weapon. <br /> <br /> The most important benefit of The Alamo: Thirteen Days To Glory, however, is the portrayal of Antonio De Lopez De Santa Anna, the president of Mexico, who comes in person to put the rebellion back by the North Americans who settle on Mexican invitation in Texas. Unfortunately, these Americans had some ready-made notions of freedom that had not made it so far south, at least freedom for whites. Raul Julia plays Santa Anna, which is even more controversial in Mexican history. He was also quite the villain, but he was the best one produced in Mexico until a real reformer named Benito Juarez came along. This film was the farewell performance of Lorne Greene, who briefly acted as General Sam Houston. Greene is not quite my idea of ​​Houston, he was really too old for the role, Houston was in his early 40s in 1836, he was not yet the patriarch of Texas. But within the limits imposed upon him, Greene does a good job. For a romantic narrative of the Alamo story, definitely see John Wayne's version, but for historical content, I highly recommend this movie.
