As a genre film fan, a child of the 80s AND a fan of hard rock music ... this movie has a special place in my heart. It has everything you could want from a supernatural movie: action, great special effects (for 1986) and a guitar-singing-glam-rock soundtrack. It was certainly THE movie for all heavy metal fans at this time. I did not see it in the movies because it was never theatrically released here ... but its popularity on video between the mid and late 1980s secured its cult status and led to a (unfortunately mediocre) DVD release in 2002. If you're not a fan of creepy movies or rock music, this is probably not your thing ... but, believe me, there are worse movies of this kind out there ... and despite average acting and some ridiculously ridiculous situations, trick or miss Treat is definitely a howling reef above the usual horror rate. You will never look at your stereo like this again. Or should I say MP3 player? <br /> <br /> TRICK OR TREAT TRIVIA- Marc Price (Eddie) played the geeky Skippy Handelman on the popular, long-running comedy sitcom "Family Ties". After a series of video clips, including "Little Devils," "Killer Tomatoes Eating France" and "The Rescue," he gave up acting to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. Recently he has been thinking about making a comeback on TV. Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a major Hollywood producer / screenwriter. He has written and produced several major films and television series, including: "Space: Above and Beyond," "The X Files," "Final Destination," "Jets Lis The One," "Willard," and most recently "Final Destination 3" , <Tony Fields (Sammi) began his career as a dancer on the television series 'Solid Gold'. He appeared in several low-budget movies and TV series before he got his role as devilish Sammi Curr in "Trick or Treat". Unfortunately, on February 27, 1995, Tony died of cancer related to AIDS. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best known for his pioneering role of gay twenty-year-old Matt Fielding in the popular sitcom 'Melrose Place'. Since then he has had a long and varied acting career, including the following films and TV series: The One''Godzilla '' CSI: Crime Scene Investigation '' and the short-lived Joss Whedon sci-fi series 'Firefly'. He is currently seen as Tom Scavo in the smash hit series 'Desperate Housewives'.
