I heard about this movie when I saw "100 Most Metal Moments" by VH1. In this segment, Gene Simmons (who had played a cameo) and several other interview participants discussed how completely dreadful this movie is. Unlike most people, I am often more curious about films that are said to be ridiculously bad than a masterpiece of cinema. The benefit of such an attitude is half the time I find out that the movies are not nearly as bad as people said, and in the end I enjoy a lot more than I had originally expected. That was my experience with Trick or Treat. Well, it's hard to make a movie about a teenager who gets news of a dead heavy metal star by playing one of his vintage records backwards, without the local people mocking him. Sure, it's certainly a strange premise, but one that has never been done! Give the filmmakers points for the originality for Pete's sake! If you want to buy the DVD without first knowing about the movie, do not think that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. Although Simmons has a thankless role, Ozzy has a funny cameo as Reverend (that's right, a Reverend !!) who opposes Heavy Metal. For one, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And second, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Sure, it's a cheaper shot, but an effective one. Acting is pretty good. I found the performances convincing. The teenage characters are terribly cliched. So expect the usual range of jocks and nerds. And as in any of these movies, the pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the estranged main character but still goes on with her friend from Jock. Why does she ever go out with such a complete jerk? Because the plot needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures witnessed the descent of the evil jocks in these movies because I was an outsider in high school. The film was largely upholding my interest, but the third act is far too conventional, causing me to roll my eyes as there would be one predictable situation after another. Overall, the film is not bad and on a rainy day definitely worth seeing. (7 out of 10)
