The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960s epic THE ALAMO. In a one-shot, director-to-work job, Wayne showed he was a filmmaking talent not only in his iconic western-style acting. I commented on the film the other day in a review, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the writer) tackled some issues that were rarely mentioned in earlier films about the battle. They brought the problem of slavery. They also discussed the contribution of local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the War of Independence on a par with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness (though well hidden) in the movie. Wayne worked hard to make it work right, thinking of many people who played leading roles. However, he did not handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an obscure actor, Ruben Padilla (in this thread only three credits are listed in his thread). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (also in Spanish). And although he has one of the last shots of the film, he is shown as a silent tyrant and watches the bodies of Americans and their allies being burned. The casting of this TV movie (THE ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAYS TO CLORY) is the best movie to to show the man who (from 1836 to 1854) was a leading bogeyman for American policymakers. Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was fortunate to see him in a series (in the late 1980s) of ARMS AND THE MAN in Manhattan as Sergius. He was never boring and usually first-rate in his acting. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster in its worst form. Nothing is acceptable, which does not correspond to the wishes or activities of Santa Anna. It may be the failure of a proper soldier in the army to bring an item he requested quickly enough, or it may be the enormity of these "foreign robbers" (as he has seen the Americans) who do not offend themselves " Napoleon the West ". <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that he was first involved in the overthrow of a president because this president was not up to the country's constitution. but it was the power that kept him going year after year. It is a sad comment that over the two decades he has been the leading Mexican historical figure. No political or military figure would save him until Benito Juarez did in the late 1850s. He originally demanded great liberal ideals, but he once admitted that the people of Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they could govern themselves (and therefore it sounds as if Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talks about the People he helped to lead against Jose Ferrer speaks). The amazing thing about him was that he came back again and again. His policy was catastrophes. While we know of his attack on Texas (to quell a revolt there), he also tried to expand into Guatamala (and he probably saw that he controlled much of Central America). He won the Alamo but with a high cost of living. His massacre of Col. Fannin's men in Goliad was inexcusable (one could campaign for the destruction of Alamo defenders who fought to the death, but Fannin surrendered). Then came the disaster of San Jacinto, where his army was wiped out (he did not make adequate arrangements to watch over the American troops). He was captured and humiliated and forced to sign a Texas surrender. Houston was friendly to him: the troops wanted to rip him up. Except that he had lost a leg in 1838 in the fight against the French, he managed not to be wounded in most of his wars. He rejected the forced surrender of Texas, but could not make it militarily inappropriate. Instead, he would defeat Mexico in the 1846-48 war against the Americans, leading to the Mexican session. The US was "decent enough" to pay Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the Southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be president for the last time in 1853, in time to cede Franklin Pierce's dreadful administration - a moment of fame - Santa Anna sold the Arizona-New-Mexico ("Gadsden Purchase") border to the US (Not even Porfirio Diaz ) his country has always cost so much (Diaz sold it for foreign business interests, but he built up Mexico's economic muscle). He was banished in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he introduced Chicle in the US, and it became chewing gum. Some Achievements <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than the skilled cynic and conspirator who became America's top land purchase agent. He will not stand up for resistance and immediately jumps into angry tantrums. Mostly Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British officer) keeps his tongue - he does not want to stand in front of a firing squad as he could. But Stiers is secretly less enchanted by his boss. In the end, alone with the newly widowed wives of the dead Alamo defenders, Stiers suggests telling the world how Santa Anna really is. And they did!
