TRICK OR TREAT is a good example of how Hollywood jumped on the "Backwards Messages in Metal Music" claim launched by Tipper Gore and her Washington Wives in the mid-1980s (other, less successful posts in this mini-genre include the terrible one) ) Black roses and stupid gate). I was in sophomore sophomore when TRICK OR TREAT came out and could not wait to see it. It seemed like it had disappeared from the video stores in the late '80s, but I recently found a DVD copy at a bargain price that brought with it many pleasant metal memories of yesteryear. Any teenage metal teenager could refer to the problems of Eddie "Ragman" Winemaker (Marc Price of "Family Ties") in this film because of the preppy "nice" people in his high school because of his heavy metal fashion and his musical taste. Eddie's favorite rock star is Sammi Curr (who looks very similar to Tommy Lee of Motley Crue), who died in a hotel fire at the beginning of the movie. Eddie is heartbroken until he receives a test press of Sammi's latest unreleased album from a radio DJ (Gene Simmons of Kiss in a short cameo). Eddie soon discovers that this LP, when played backwards, allows him to communicate with the undead mind of Sammi Curr himself! Soon Sammi will give Eddie advice on how to catch up with his dapper torturers, but as the messages develop into fear ("Waste'em ALL ... no false metal!"), Eddie tries to destroy the album, which adds leads Sammi to come back over the stereo speakers brought to life by Eddie. Sammi rushes to the big dance in Eddie's high school and enters the stage to rock the crowd and disintegrate a few unfortunate "wrong metalworkers" before Eddie arrives to save the day and the girl of his dreams. (SIGH) No, it's not terribly scary in 2006, it was not even scary in 1986, but TRICK OR TREAT is a movie that will make any 1980s metal person smile on the face of cult band Fastway. It's worth looking for if you've ever hit your head or a taste for B class horror movies (or both, like me).
