I've always said that if people do not want to do remakes or sequels they should stop seeing them and instead go into the world of independent film. The last time I saw an independent film myself, it must have been six months ago. So here's a review for an indie that I've brought to Youtube's attention. the cure. <br /> <br /> One immediately notices that the film is an avant-garde film set that is telegraphed by extreme close-ups, skopophilia and quick editing. It is proud of what it looks like - and it has a right to it. Usually this is a very nicely composed piece, except for an inexcusable disregard for the 180 degree rule and a weirdly bad shot effect, which is a phenomenon that seems to be the calling card for self-financed projects Most of the recordings are actually a pleasure. We have a good use of props and positions, good visual drama, and very atmospheric, fluent editing, which is more commendable, as this is definitely something you do not often see in a Youtube submission. The plot is fragmented, and although the basic premise is fairly simple, it becomes difficult for some to keep track of what happens, but here we see avant-garde storytelling. You can not really expect a straightforward three-act structure, and if you do, you may not be ready for this kind of movie. <br /> <br /> Where the movie is, the sound is unfortunately disappointed. What you'll hear everywhere is a distorted voice-over that often sounds disingenuous, and even worse is the continuous background music that goes through minimal changes and does nothing to anything. So much attention is paid to the visual elements that, frankly, the sound sounds neglected, and this becomes really clear when you realize that you've just missed four sentences of the narrative and need to rewind to find out what's missing your attention. So, give him a watch, but do it with the sound off. <br /> <br /> Last thought; Was anyone reminded of the cover for Doug Naylor's Red Dwarf novel "Last Human" at the beginning of the film? If you have the book, you know what I mean.
