When I saw the movie for the first time in the early 1970s, I was thrilled with the movie. Visually, it was breathtaking and the events on campus in Europe and the US left you in a relationship with what Antonioni wanted to say visually so well in the last 15 minutes of the film: they blew the "tyrannical" facilities and big business interests in the head , The repeated blasting of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert, the female protagonist enjoying the natural cold stream of water, painting a plane with psychedelic motifs (even the brave British Airways did it a few years ago) are some of those images that have been advertised for decades were copied around the world. Even Pink Floyd has strengthened after the release of the film. <br /> <br /> You see this movie about 30 years later and you wonder why the same movie has lost its appeal. Anti-establishment films today have more substance - facts, documentation, good performances and excellent scripts. Antonioni seems to be outdated; a flawed genius. Even if you see "Blow Up" by Antonioni today, you have a similar feeling that he fits. <br /> <br /> "Zabriski Point" needs to be evaluated as it was when it was published. It was a great movie if you saw it on a wide Panavision screen, unlike the dwarf television screens. The visual and acoustic (Mick Jagger, Kieth Richards, Pink Floyd and others) attraction of the film remains. The main couple were not great actors, but they were cute and natural. One of them (Mark Frechette) died in prison in the United States and expanded the reality of the non-conformist values ​​he embodied in the film. Today Antonioni does not seem to be "in sync" anymore. But be careful, and you'll appreciate the muted sounds of regular actors - Rod Taylor, G.D. Spradling, the ladies by the pool, the Air Force cops. The real sounds, on the other hand, are from nonconformists. Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago, but his understanding of the medium can not be called into question today. He knew what he was doing.
