I have to admit that I always found it hard to watch an Antonioni movie from start to finish on the first try, and even for this film I've seen it repeated in three sections. In the end, I realized that maybe it was better because I was forced to stop thinking as usual and just enjoy the scenes one after the other. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to be much more fragmentary, which is not a bad thing, it just takes more effort to follow. When it comes to the desert scenes, all efforts are fully repaid. The breathtaking cinematography is only part of what makes it truly memorable, how the landscape is made into an overwhelming presence, the silence and vastness of the landscape, the feeling of sadness and freedom, the way they interact with the both fuses young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less distant and foreign than the urban scenes in the first part. The dance between the over-flying plane and the girl's car provides a series of great shots. The love scenes in the desert are just beautiful, such an approach from a film of our time is difficult to imagine. There is, of course, something very stylish and studied about them, but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days. It feels light and blank (thanks to the inconspicuous drama), but this is the result of manic attention to details and shapes that culminate in the series of explosions, a truly mesmerizing spectacle. It just leaves you in awe. <br /> <br /> I do not care about some of the usual objections: boring - well, if you want all the movies to follow a classic plot development and be packed with action spins, but if all the movies were like that, that would be it really boring and sad; presumptuous - maybe, but if this kind of ambition goes hand in hand with actual ability, depth, and style, presumption is a compliment. The "political" critique makes the slightest sense to me, I see no point in addressing such a film with ideological dazzling or worse, patriotic requirements. It only defeats the purpose. It may be true that Antonioni, as a former commentator noted, viewed these young "hippies" and the politics of protests and riots with the police with the fascination of a foreigner, but I think that adds something to the film rather than him distract. It is not true that there were no hippies in Italy at the time (think of the 1968 protests, as in France), although they obviously differed from American colleagues and in some ways are even more militant. But his interest in this film was not narrowly political. The events are more like a pretext for a movie whose appeal has a universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. In addition to Easy Rider, this film is probably one of the earliest forerunners of the contemporary 'artistic' music video, as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that stands alone, but unlike the previous one, music is much more subtle and blends it with the landscape rather than with the action. <br /> <br /> If you want traditional storytelling in a movie, do not bother. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
