When this movie was made, the hippie thing had become mainstream. The ideas of the counterculture were established, so a big movie could be made. But it has something to say, and it is said really nicely. Apart from those who only wait for the Wixing footage, this movie deserves recognition especially for its beautiful scenes (which in itself are more than enough reason to see the movie). The soundtrack to this movie, which actually became more popular than the movie itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "Caution with this Ax Eugene" goes very well with the explosions, the lack of music in other scenes gives the movie a nice quiet mood. But. It seems that the messages in this movie were the most overlooked. If you have not understood what most of the time seems to be, I'll give you a few pointers: The man (tough guy, whatever his name-mark is) is part of a "reality group". , He leaves this group and says something like "I'm ready to die but not out of boredom". Later he goes on a free ride on a stolen plane, probably to do something. While it's in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) is played (I think). This song contains the phrase, "Shall we and you go while we can," this is even though it is not heard in the movie. (Maybe stretched a bit too far, which means that quote is essential?) In the plane, he checks a girl (Daria), who drives her car to a conference (for example, by offering the possibility to typical suburban families, in a super relaxed Living in the desert where everything is so easy and beautiful - for the whole family!), By diving almost, almost beating the car. He lands the plane and comes with the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie Point, where they enjoy themselves as beings and nature. Later, a family shows a large car (the way you sleep) and a speedboat Zabriskie Point. The father says something like "What a garbage that goes up here" and the child sitting in the car grinning I felt a "that was not much better than on the telly" setting. Daria brings Mark back to the level, which is now painted in a psychedelic style, with the identity number changed to "No War" on one side and "No Words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where it stole it and says to Daria, before he goes "I'm risking nothing" or something, an indication that he does not care too much about his fate. (This because he feels that the environment surrounding him does not give him anything - "I wonder what's going on in the real world"). At the airport, he is received by police officers who shoot him, even though he has just returned the plane. Daria hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the chic villa. Here she feels alienated after the adventures with her just killed friend. She enjoys running fresh water over a rock, more than the swimming pool. Inside the house, the viewer gets an indication of anti-materialism. She looks through a glass wall and holds her hands against the glass as if she were locked up. The businessmen see each other arguing, one side is anxious to do one big thing, the other is afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house, looks back and visualizes how it goes in the air. After the house explode several other things, for example a television. She smiles, happy that she has destroyed herself, which she considered to be something negative after meeting Mark. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Mark obviously does not experience the "reality group" as they are just sitting and talking, not taking any action. He clearly has bad feelings that things are the way they are, and it seems he feels there is no point fighting them. He wants to go. He helps Daria, who is "in the head but not in action" to see his point. If it turns out that his sense of mismatch leads to his death, one can hope that Daria will use the ideas in a way that will be more constructive. In the movie you see how a city (LA) is spotted by commercials (too bad to portray the commercial), you see business people deciding the future, and so on, and you see people unhappy with those and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I've only seen the movie once, so I have not scored all the points, but I'm sure I have a feeling for what this movie has to say and I find it odd that this movie can be described as meaningless. If you say that the points are too obvious, I can understand why this movie was likely to "dig" the radical post-hippies to the minds of the anti-establishment. Although it has a lot to say and its message is still needed today, things are moving in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie that tells a story about ordinary young people (not far from hip-hop hippopotamuses digging everything) and looking for what they consider genuine, dissatisfied with the conventional. And it's done in a really nice way.
