I was told it was one of those movies, either "you love it or you hate it". Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie era, dated and simple symbolism and everything. Well, I probably have no taste when it comes to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly a decade earlier) are my favorites among his previous films. Zabriskie Point, written two years before my birth, should have been Michelangelo's great American epic. Apparently it turned out that this was a flop. I really can not understand why. Before I saw it, I read that it was pretty boring, so I prepared myself for a very slow movie - though I love a slow movie. For my taste Zabriskie had no boring minute. As I looked at it, I realized how European it was on the director's part to use billboards in almost every urban scene so often, with huge billboards dwarfing any human form. This recurring visual element obviously underlines the way consumption is crushing individuals in American society. But then I saw L'Eclisse playing in Rome in the early sixties and noticed that Antonioni often also had billboards. The masterful handling of landscapes, architecture and lifeless objects in any frame with or without people is a trademark of Antonioni. This is exactly the way in which he emphasizes the psychological states of his characters with more or less inconspicuous power and great visual impact. In this capacity he is practically unsurpassed. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point played with two very appealing leads who were to become big stars of the 70s, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in Francesco Rosi's great film World War I, Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life and died at the age of just 27. According to his biography page, he donated $ 60,000 to Zabriskie to a municipality. Mark's co-star Daria Halprin, later apparently Dennis Hoppers wife, has the breathtaking, natural beauty and allure of a young Ornella Muti. one of those bright beauties that does not need a touch of make-up to turn heads. Like Frechette, she has just adorned a few obscure films and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. Most of all, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever made - one that brings back juvenile playfulness like few I've ever seen, and a powerful cathartic ending. It may be the most banal sequence ever filmed in terms of its symbolism, but I can not see anyone denying its beauty and its wonderful sense of emotional liberation. Never before has an explosion been so good and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that creates order rather than bring chaos.
