There are not too many times when I watch a movie and go "huh what?", But this was one of them. After seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt pretty much like Woody Allen felt in 2001 - he only liked the movie after seeing it three times for three years when he discovered that the filmmaker was ahead of him in the process. Michelangelo Antonioni, on one of his few attempts to make films in the US (after Red Desert made Blow-Up, this movie, China and The Passenger, who were all filmed outside his native Italy), I could feel it almost tempted by its own mastery of the medium would have gotten to know the ways of the country. The results show that he does not lack the means to display images, feelings, sounds, colors, sounds and a visual representation of this time. "The job of a director is to see it," Antonioni once said. Whatever that means, he does not disappoint for the admirer of his work after fifty years (I say after fifty, since I have not seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he lacks is a point, at least the one he could bring to Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You get a sense of what's around those characters, what the topics bring to their consciousness, but in that case, the characters and the actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who comes out of the school of hard knocking and does neo-realistic filming, does what he can with his mostly non-professional performers (those who look most like real actors are subject to the roles of corporate characters) but The two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem to understeer Antonioni. Maybe that was the point. The story is split into three acts, fortunately not too confusing, as Mark grabs the boiling, dangerous campus life of LA in the late '60s and Daria is sent from LA to attend a business meeting in Phoenix. You happen to meet as Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe some background info there?) And meet Daria's car, and they spend some time together in an existential way in the desert. Apart from a stylistic hypnotizing, if bizarre sex scene, a large part of this plot is not particularly interesting. <br /> <br /> The two clues are fair enough to look at, but what attracts them out of curiosity? The ideas, some of which come from a script co-written by Sam Shepard, are not too revealing, except for a brief moment when drugs against reality are addressed. Then the movie moves on to the third act, when Mark decides to do the right thing in catastrophic circumstances, and Daria arrives at her boss just to be in complete disillusionment (ignoring the notorious last five minutes or so) Movie). Although the movie took its time to tell its story, I did not have that much of a problem with it, because I only deal with the story with a certain kind of audience. I can understand and sympathize with the feelings and doubts and fears and self-confidence of the anti-establishment, but Antonioni may not be fully aware of this. In some scenes, as director and publisher (and the often amazing cinematography of Alfio Contini), he finds the landscape and the background more informative and focused than the people in the foreground. Not to say that the technical side of Zabriskie Point is not involved to some degree (which makes some sleepy, since Antonioni is probably much bigger as a documentary filmmaker because he is a theater director, as Francis Ford Coppola says). <br /> <br /> The deserts, the sky, the city and even the faces in close-ups are filmed with the eye of a filmmaker who falls in love with the art of putting things in the frame and getting us involved. The soundtrack is equally compelling, with a master stroke including a sweet Rolling Stones song in one place and then a devastating, surreal Pink Floyd song (again titled 'Beware the Ax Eugene, one of their best Pre-Dark Side ) in the explosion sequence. If only the performances were not so one-sided, I would find that this is equivalent to Blow-Up or The Eclipse. On the one hand it is an unconventional stroke of genius and on the other a boring interpretation of the hippie / radical movement of the late 1960s. But what is boring for an American like me who was born in the 1980s is not the case for others outside the United States, such as Italy. And it asks not to be discarded immediately after a viewing.
