I know that this is an unpopular position regarding Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - I can legally be called an Antonioni fanatic. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie I do not love, the only one I've ever given less than 8/10 (and one of only three I've given less than 10/10, with La Notte and L'Eclisse being the one The other two, though I have to admit that I need to see them both again, are Beyond the Clouds, which can be described as a horrible movie, but there is no better horrible movie if you notice my drift, so if you are NOT If you're just a casual fanatic, ask yourself if this film, whose name is often spoken, is followed by a spit that even Antonioni's admirers despise, the answer is YES <br /> <br /> Okay, the reason people hate is that 99% of the movie watchers are ONLY interested in narrating a movie. Well, that's not exactly true. When a movie is in a certain aspect is amazing, about acting or Cinematography or directing, and in his narrative is just decent, movie watchers may love it very much. But a movie can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical history - that's another thing that has ruined the cinema over the years: logic - then they absolutely hate the movie. I'll agree to that in a way. As much as I dislike it and want to change my mind, it's really hard to love a movie that I find narrative to be bad. Other people, however, tend to resent a loose narrative. This is certainly what has to take the viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could tell you the story, but you probably think it would be nonsensical. Actually, but for me, the whole thing has made everything even more fantastic and beautiful. I would actually compare it favorably with 2001, which is my favorite movie. The year 2001, however, is completely coherent compared to the sprawling narratives of this film. <br /> <br /> What overshadows Zabriskie Point is the mood. The music helps a lot; The score includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to the moods of Antonioni's other masterpieces, filled with loneliness and desolation. Also, the freedom that results from it. The best sequence in the movie is when the captain and the woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name) drive past a historic landmark on a desert freeway in her vehicle. Behind the stone wall, which was built to prevent the cars from leaving, there is an ancient lake shore. It's basically a rocky desert, and the two play to play in it. The environment is very beautiful. The woman says, "This is a beautiful place, what do you think?" The man: "I think it's dead." There is no inclination whether this is a good thing or a bad thing. This is very similar to feelings expressed in other Antonioni films - characters always want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, who is fed up with journalism, we have the young hippie who is fed up with his friends' politics - he thinks he talks too much and does not do what he thinks right, or At least he says he does it. It seems to me more like he just wanted out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also visually stunning. Antonioni's films are all recognizable with just a few images, but his visual style was always in the making. I like the passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point could be his ultimate achievement in this regard. Well, that may sound strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are picturesque. I think the camera moves here are especially amazing. He obviously made a lot of money for Blowup, the biggest art-house hit of its time, the biggest ever. He spends it well here, especially with his aerial shots. One of the film's biggest sequences involves the man who stole a man's private plane and bombarded Daria in her car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be quite criticized is the politics of the film. They are certainly easy. The hippies were not easy, but Antonioni's vision of hippies - of course there was none in Italy - is bizarre and well filtered through the eyes of a stranger. There is a rather childlike criticism of advertising, but it still exists today. I say, can not people just ignore it? What does it hurt? Are you going around and buying things you do not want because of billboards? Or there is criticism of capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals the land in the desert - the land she and the man have enjoyed for themselves - to make cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a highly underrated actor whose most famous roles are in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays their boss. The end, which I will not ruin - you have to see it - is almost aggressively cheap. However, I can understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I generally despise them, but they were terrible at the time. They can be terrible now. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These trivial arguments against the American way of life still do not really affect my opinion of the movie. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really do not think a hippie would disagree with Antonioni. 10/10.
