If Saura had not done that, Iberia would be a milestone. Now it still deserves the inclusion to honor a great director and a great cinematic conservator of Spanish culture, but he has done so much before, and although we can congratulate the wealth he has given us, we must be favorites and High selects points among similar films that include Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's 1995 Flamenco as its most unique and effective cultural document, beside which Iberia fades. Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of music by Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909). and especially his "Iberia" suite for piano. Isaac Albéniz made a major contribution to the externalization of Spanish musical culture - reformatting for a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in the early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His suite "Iberia" is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around his compositions, which are a kind of standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies that are not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but moves in that direction. Of course the Spaniards have taken possession of Albéniz again, and in Iberia the performers interpret his compositions in relation to different ethnic and regional dances and styles. However, the source is a tamed and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture compared to the real Spanish of pure flamenco. The Flamenco, who comes from the region of Andalusia, is a heartfelt amalgam of Gitane, Hispano-Arabic and Jewish culture. Iberia is simply the peninsula, consisting of Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar. The concept is much watered down. <br /> <br /> The Flamenco of Saura is a never ending intense ethnic mix of music, song, dance and the peacock-like style of fine cleaning that is the essence of the Spanish style, the way a man and a woman feel about each other proudly displaying arrogance and elegance bordering on insanity - even bullfights and the movements of the torero are full of them - in a series of electrical sequences without initiation or inference; They are easy. Saura repeatedly emphasized the incredible collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In its 1995 flamenco, it surpasses a semblance of history, leaving singers, musicians and dancers in front of and behind a large stage with beautiful lighting and screens, flat screens and mirrors arranged by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, another key filmmaker Spain's Associate The beginning and end of sequences in flamenco are often rough but atmospheric, characterized only by the rumble and rustle of shuffling feet and a mix of voices. Sometimes the movie feeds when a performance is over and you see the dancer lean, sigh or laugh. or someone just says something unexpected. In flamenco, Sauras is more than any other music film, the ecstatic, intense interplay of singers and dancers, and the rhythmic clapping of the participating observers, who call impulsive olé's, that's the "story" and the magic. Because Saura was really magical, and maybe best if he dropped some conventional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia has a similar style to Saura's purest music films: no narration, no dialogue, just a short set of titles that indicate the nature of the song or the region, starting with a pianist playing Albeniz, and gradually turns into a series of dance sequences and some singing. In flamenco music, the basic element is the unaccompanied voice, and this voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It refers to other songs in other ethnicities, but nothing is like its raw, rough-unique ugly-beautiful cry that forces you to do anything but listen to it with the utmost attention. Then clap and stamp his foot, then he dances with the other elements. In Iberia there is only one flamenco song. If you love Saura's flamenco, you should visit Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. The style is there; Some of the great voices and dances and music are there. However, Iberia's source and concept condemn it to a lesser degree of power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
