Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is severely cut and the film contains footage that rated him "R". <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First, I did not see any representation of the bog that was actually made. I sympathized with Othello until I saw Fishburne play. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer play Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. Despite Jones's incredible presence, both physical and vocal, the character he played seemed too passive to ban a complete emotional purge in Aristotle's sense. In fact, Jones confirmed what I felt when he stated in an interview that he had played Othello as passive. Unfortunately, this has clouded my grief over the destruction of the character. Therefore, I felt sorry for Jones Moor, but not with the horror of his corruption by a bad man. In contrast, Fishburnes Othello is a strong and powerful figure who is familiar with action. So, Jago's temptation to actively engage with what Othello is presented to as his wife's unfaithfulness is a perversion of the general's positive capacity to be active rather than passive. Fishburnes presentation is therefore classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made fine movie versions, but they were white men with black faces.2 Why is that important? Why should a black actor be the black man on stage? 3 Certainly they used to go black in Shakespearean times, just as they used boys to make girls. Maybe the reason is the same. Female actresses give special quality to female roles on the Shakespearean stage because they best understand what Shakespeare's genius attempted to present. A talented black actor should play the bog because his experience of a white-dominated culture is crucial to understanding what Shakespeare's genius recognized: the pain of being marginalized by the breed. An important topic in Othello is the isolation caused by racism. While it is a mistake to incorporate American racism into a Shakespearean game, there is no doubt that racism still works among the characters. Many, including Desdimonas father, think that a union between a white Venetian Christian and a North African black Christian is UNNATURAL. Third, Shakespeare was never rated G. He was never there. His stage productions were always characterized by violence and strong language. However, Shakespeare's genius does not use these elements as a sensation, but to artistic honesty.
