The obvious parallels between Walt Disney's enchanting fantasy bedknobs and Broomsticks and the C.S. Lewis Chronicles of Narnia are pretty obvious. There are more coincidences here than comparing Bedknobs and Broomsticks to Mary Poppins, although many of the same creative talents flowed into the two Disney films. <br /> <br /> As with The Chronicles of Narnia, some English children have to leave London during the flash and live in the country. And these children have to deal with a magical world. But unlike C.S. Lewis, the Rawlins' kids have infiltrated the magic into their world, helping to defeat the humans who make a mess of it in the here and now. No retreat into a fantasy kingdom like the Pevensie kids. <br /> <br /> No heavy philosophy here from Walt Disney, except perhaps it's not good to deal with witches, even with apprentices like Angela Lansbury, who learn their magic from a charlatan like David Tomlinson. It was not for nothing that Ms. Lansbury became one of the most bankable actresses. She carries her own magic, which even the special effects guys of Disney could not surpass. For this film, they received an Oscar for the Magic Kingdom in this section. Two performers bid farewell to movies in bedknobs and broomsticks. Tessie O'Shea played her last role in this movie. She bred many films in the UK as one of her favorite actresses in the music hall. And this great character actor, Reginald Owen, a retired general who leads the Old Home Guard in war and song, offers audiences around the world to viewers. <br /> <br /> The team of Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman, who wrote the score for Mary Poppins, wrote a good and usable one here. The age of non-belief was nominated for an Oscar, but lost the theme of Shaft. Personally, I like David Tomlinson's tribute to the most colorful street in London, Portabello Road. Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a fine fantasy movie that can still hold its own after almost 40 years. Imagine what it would be like with computer-generated graphics.
