I was fortunate enough to see this movie in the Turner Classic films tonight, as it is one of the films that won an Oscar (for special effects) in their annual Oscar winning films. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily a successor to the previous success of MARY POPPINS. Also this movie was a great success and an Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS, David Tomlinson has a role to play in learning about parenting. It's a fine mix of live action and animation. It's set in a bygone era of British history (if not in the Edwardian-Georgian world of London in 1912, it's the English coast during the "Dunkirk" summer of 1940). It even has the old Reginald Owen, here as a General at the Home Guard, while he used to be Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's last role. <br /> <br /> The Home Guard sequences (not too many in the film) are reminiscent of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which dealt with the problems of the Home Guard home in the early years of the war. The period is also clear from the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans from the lightning bombings in London. And (in typical Disney style) in the musical number "Portobello Road" appear various members of the British Army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with metal drums!)) With Scottish and local female assistants in costumes /> <br /> All this is surprisingly a plus. The biggest advantage, however, is that Angela Lansbury's performance as Eglantine Price is finally her only real musical film director. In a remarkable acting career, Lansbury never got the right musical career role she deserved as Auntie Mame in the musical MAME, which appeared shortly after BEDKNOBS. She was in vocal parts (in GASLIGHT with her short UP IN A BALLOON BOYS) and in THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW VOGEL and - best of all - in supporting and completing the HARVEY GIRLS with the final reprise of ON THE ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND THE SANTA FE). But only here does she play the female lead. So if you hear her sing with David Tomlinson, you might be able to understand what we lost when she did not play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is pretty good, Tomlinson learns here that he can take the opportunity after a life of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart, and Ian Weighill) actually have more interesting sides in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (especially Weighill). This is an emerging opportunist idea to blackmail Lansbury after finding out she is a witch). The only surprising waste (possibly due to scene excerpts) is Roddy McDowall as a local vicar, who plays only in two sequences of the film. With his possible role as a disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he should have played a bigger role. Also noteworthy is John Ericson, as the German officer raiding at the end of the film only to find out that he faces something stronger in the UK than he ever imagined, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor to the magic Formula Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> As far as the animation is concerned, the two underwater sequences in a lagoon and in the wildest football game ever played are worth the prospect, with Tomlinson being drawn as referee in the latter and pretty in various charges and quarrels. That said, it's a pretty good sample of Disney Studio's best work.
