It is wonderful to see Roshan Seth (the stern father of "Mississippi Masala" in 1992) again taking on the role of father and family head, and more in SEARCH A LONG JOURNEY (1971 Bombay, India). In addition to the close-knit family situations, the topics include the lost and found of a friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow the calm, smiling face of a friend peacefully felt in the presence of prayers - so did Gustad Noble, Roshan's character); a chain of events by a street artist - "the wall when a latrine turned itself into a shrine, a shrine in ruins and ashes" was both prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son; Mother and son; Father and little daughter; little daughter and father and mother; longtime colleagues; long lost dear friends; Even man-to-man, whose innocent, slower "fool". <br /> <br /> Despite the age of the film era, it is a colorful film that is interested in the substance and strength of the film. History in structural layers with humor and suspense. For a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is Icelandic), he has made a political Indo-Pakistani film. He enters the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi, which is portrayed by Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtlety and joy. (It is also sung.) The rest of the cast is just as strong: from Om Puri the mysterious friend of a friend; Soni Razdan the persevering woman; Vrajesh Hirjee the argumentative eldest son; Sam Dastor, longtime office mate; Ranjit Chowdhry the street artist; to a superstitious "witchwoman" of a neighbor; an ill-considered "fool" of a man; and a long lost bosom friend - it's a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity in the treatment of this period and the subject has been researched with great attention to detail. He is fortunate that Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the screenplay. This is really a worthwhile trip of a movie. <br /> <br /> Fridrik Thor Fridriksson "Cold Fever" (1994) is an Icelandic stay about a young man from Japan went around the world looking for a specific job to pay his parents the last respects, and dutifully followed the commemoration rituals for the dead. Such proven reverence and intercultural attention to family bonding is heartwarming in this time and in the cyber age.
