Shortly before the suppression of Production Code in July 1934, the All-Star Paramount musical by Mitch Leisen appears woefully suggestive - some even claim it is misogynistic - and extremely entertaining. On the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), Two murders happen, but that does not stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from running a show when a lax police officer (Victor McLaglen) investigates. Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this murder mystery behind the scenes before she wrote "The G-String Murders" because the dissolution is similar (although more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael as a vicious diva stops the show (in more ways than one) with her exotic "Sweet Marijuana" number and Duke Ellington ends with the cut-off "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The hit song "Cocktails For Two" comes from this movie. A bizarre and terrible camp classic highly recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons at the "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's hand-picked pirouette of beauties on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else. But September Morn himself never had a better figure than these sorcerers, who should delight the eye, especially the eyes of the weary businessman. But do not think for a moment that the girls of Mr. Carroll, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a thriller for the musical comedy, if you know what I mean - a murder mystery contained in a music show. It all happens on the opening night at the time the play is underway and a killer is sought. A police officer threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is new to the cops. Whenever he tries to track down the killer, he keeps an eye on the choir beauties. The murder mystery is good, except for the resolution, which is pretty flat. Probably wrong direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the girl, is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a Ten, Twenty and Thirty show. For good reason, she rates a never ending close-up in the big dramatic scene. The girl ensembles are good and it is a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, this is a musical that Paramount believes can really be appreciated. As far as Carl Brisson is concerned, he would be an asset to any show. He looks good with an adorable singing voice and a simple, sure way. All of his press agencies claim him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the lead actress of the show. As a deep-eyed villager, Gertrude Michael gives an interesting, albeit fictional depiction. Jack Oakie is the same old smartass as a stage manager, but we would not change him. Jessie Ralph is honored as a seamstress. Other performers include Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The script is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and directed by Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics by Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES, there's a Mickey Mouse cartoon, a Paramount newsreel and a two-reeler, the wrong direction. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Lolly. the summit. Why should she blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the end of the story or how it was staged? And what is a "ten, twenty or thirty show"? Note the blow made at Busby Berkeley and his "overhead shots." As hard as it is today to believe, the public in May 1934 tired of Buzz 'schtick. Mitch Leisen said, "If you're showing a stage show that's supposed to take place in a theater, you should be within the bounds of the Proscenium bow and not a Buzz Berkeley routine with a stage set that's unbelievably big." <br /> < Q: Do not you think that Berkeley's spectacular effects justify taking that liberty? ML: Apparently they did it because they're reviving all his pictures, not one of mine, but I personally do not like it.
