I've read a lot of comments about the film and how it's so hard for people to believe that it's a sequel to Henry Fool, and although technically, Fay Grim is something completely different other must be considered movie. Just because it's the sequel does not mean it has to be a direct continuation of the first, and I liked it so much. The purpose of the film was to change the direction from the beginning, which makes sense because the movie is not called Henry Fool 2, but Fay Grim. Besides, the movie was, I thought, so well done and thoughtful that it really surprised me. I was expecting to rent another nearly-released movie with direct video, and I had to endure two hours of bad editing and an almost elusive story line (aka Parker's last direct video Oh in Ohio), but that was the case surprisingly well focused that it almost does not seem like what I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in filming and writing that I want to see in movies but never can. The cinematography was brilliant because it is simple and makes the film really "grim" - as far as the scenery is concerned. The writing was so well put together, whoever said that this movie is not as funny as Henry Fool has to look at it again and actually listen; I can not even explain how funny it actually was and what it is. And now, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal talked in the dark was so fascinating and emotional. And I thought the spying was just so funny and punctual throughout the movie (in retrospect, because I agree that sometimes you felt lost). The most important thing that impressed me about this movie, and I think the meaning of the movie was Parker's love and naivete about Fool, who became so lovable and so fast from denial to absolute passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously, there were things that were not outstanding, but nothing is perfect. Part of the acting was bad, and sometimes I thought that some of the new background stories and the dialogue about terrorism were a bit hard to track and gotten out of hand, but in the end, you got that and did not mind the time, the it may be out of your understanding. (This may also be related to Goldblum's tendency to speak extremely fast.) Overall, I would say that it was probably one of the best films I've seen this year. Stylistically pleasing, clever and witty writing, performances that were so impressive that I gave some actors new respect, a really touching film and not to mention a complete departure from Fool. Which was the point?
