In general, Fay Grim is an extremely entertaining thriller with two of the most inexhaustible names in American films, the staunchly beautiful and graceful Parker Posey, and the endlessly charismatic and unavoidably funny Jeff Goldblum. There are plenty of scenes in the first half of the movie, in which we see these two insatiable presences playing volleyball against each other and even enchanting as Goldblum rolls off Hartley's shameless epic infodumps. However, if Fay Grim were to be deconstructed, there would be many cases where countless scenes would have been squeezed for much more benefit than they resulted. <br /> <br /> This type of filmed joke is the sequel to Hal Hartley's Henry Fool, made ten years earlier. The title character Posey was forced by CIA agent Goldblum to track down the notebooks that were the precious possessions of her missing fugitive husband, the titular anti-hero of his predecessor. They provide information that could allow the security of the United States. Fay makes it first for Paris to get used to them, but he gets entangled in a solemn celebration of espionage clichés, which includes everything from car bombs to ambiguous helpers to "Behind the Girl" to double crosses to triple crosses. <br /> <br /> The main incentive for me is that it's such a novel approach to continuing a movie about a garbage collector and a struggling novelist in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman who led a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many other independent newcomers from the 1990s, but I admire his wild creativity when she made her an inadvertent nearne sister and turned her into a dreadful one, as he did with her character's brother Conviction brought by James Urbaniak, in Henry Fool, as she is caught between the question of whether she can still love her overpowering refugee husband and the problematic but powerful plans of Goldblum. Hartley, however, simply depends on a fragmentary idea. His plot, though complex and labyrinthine, corresponds to the form of the spy film and seems to be completely moody. The reason I was not bored was mainly the speed with which the story developed, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's cast is that I can not love the rest. It has nothing to do with how darkly they are compared to the relative star power of the two aforementioned sorcerers, but how they seemingly can not compete with them, though Saffron certainly comes close to Burrows. Most of the scenes that are not about Posey or Goldblum are far too easy to stand on, along with info dumps. We have no choice but to listen or completely lose ourselves in the subsequent sequence of scenes. They are filmed almost exclusively in tiled corners, as if Hartley compensates for this relentless sense of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, on the other hand, plays a certain role with the now youthful son of Fay and Henry. The fascination with him that seemed wise over his years was certainly smarter than any adult character. Maybe that was what Hartley was up to, or maybe it was simply Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley movie is that you never know exactly what was intended and what's there. As Scorsese said, "Cinema is a question of what's in the frame and what's outside." One has to be able to trust that what we see is a conscious decision of the filmmaker to stay in the finished film.
