I'm one of those people crawling through broken glass for a mile to see a Hal Hartley movie. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and (my darling Hartley) NO SO THING, Hal's unique films are a favorite flavor. It seems to be his strength to infuse in equal parts puzzle / espionage with a wispy comedy. The comedy is not necessarily in your face and often runs through the entire scene before it leads to success. And that's the case with Fay Grim, the continuation of Henry Fool. Parker Posey plays as Fay Grim, left wife of Henry Fool and mother of Henry's only son, Ned. Fay lives a quiet life until one day she comes home to find a CIA agent in her kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum, MAN OF THE YEAR) and he wants Henry's notebooks. There are many Henry Fool notebooks that are thought to contain anything but crazy walks. Apparently there is much more. Secrets, weapons research or ways to terrorists? Who knows, but Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Fay that her husband is dead, but this is quickly considered a ruse to get Fay out of her house and look for Henry (and it works ... but not as she thinks). <br /> <br / Fay fights several spy rings to collect Henry's notebooks and track him down. She also makes a deal with the CIA to get her brother Simon (James Urbaniak) out of jail (he helped Henry flee the country in the original Henry Fool movie). Several overlapping events occur in quick succession On: Spy bullets shoot each other At death, Henry is taken to safety by a jihadist, Fay frees his brother, but unconsciously risks the life of her son, and the CIA gets the reassurance of endangering Fay. <br /> <br /> Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes. And that's what he does here extremely. Even character names (Grim, Fool, Fulbright, Fogg) have implicit meanings that are pretty funny. Ol ''s over-the-top spy films also get a lot of time, as the weapons flare in stop-motion sequences and never hit our heroine, even though she's in the line of fire. <br /> <br /> Now that I praised this creation, I will say that Parker Posey's exaggerated portrayal of Fay Grim is not the best part of the movie. That's a shame, considering how much time she's on the screen. I realize that this was probably what Mr. Hartley wanted: an unkempt woman with hand gestures in the Italian extreme. But sometimes it was still painful to look at. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, fans will probably devour Fay Grim and beg for more. Although this was not my favorite movie by Hal Hartley, I know I'm ready.
