As someone who has seen and followed Hartley's public work for several years, I believe that much of what used to be fiction told through true stories became obscure philosophical thinking games. While it's entertaining, Fay Grim is different. Get into the mindset of Henry Fool, where the movie reflects the quality of an object within the movie itself. In Henry Fool, the memoirs are the object ... In Fay Grim, the object is encrypted memoirs - which are themselves stolen, faked, and transformed into something so obscure that it can not make sense - that is, the process of scripting writing and filming in the Modernity - where most blockbuster movies are little more than a mash-up of the past. Philosophically, Fay Grim is concerned. The object is perhaps the tragedy that the shock is now stereotyped and boring (as suggested in the opening scenes in the publisher's office). <br /> <br /> However, if you say many of the best points of the movie are lost do not understand Henry's character and the meaning of the memoirs sought. Henry is a thinly disguised devil who first visits Simon as a modern fist, etc. Without understanding how tragic Henry's character is, much of the quality of Fay Grim's conspiracy and story is lost. <br /> <br /> And there is not enough "detail" expressed through verbal flashbacks - the knowledge of the plot of Henry Fool can not be compared to the "feel" of the quality of the characters, as Henry Fool's Case was, and therefore I think that someone who catches this movie takes about 10 minutes of 'something like' to respond to highly constructed dialogues and then that's it. <br /> <br /> However, Henry Fool was also my least favorite Hartley movie until I realized it was bad - lazy and contaminated - exactly because of Henry Fool's confessions were bad ... not just grubby or dirty, but inevitably broken. Henry can not even be a real villain - and that's perhaps the most tragic mistake that makes him the most attractive ... Like Gollum in Tolkien's works, Henry is pathetic. <br /> <br /> This does not happen in Fay Grim, although Henry's dialogue is excellent. What comes up is that the entire film is constructed as encryption - a kind of forming another conspiracy to add another bad story that contributes to Henry's confessions. It's an interesting twist that can not really be digested without the first movie. It might have been better to show Henry earlier, as though the publisher had described the basic story of the first film - though that plot is not really what the first film was about - unless you're an occasional observer Part of the encryption? Hard to say ... a bit disappointed with the sex gimmicks. Cheesy.
