All right, this movie is the illustration of several things. First of all, this film is an angry student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. A student survives and is in hospital with serious head injuries. The main character is what several people consider a "loner / goth", though the movie says it is not. She seems to be quite secretive, but she was also the only undamaged student in the classroom. She was interviewed because she knew the shooter in the past and found out he had talked to him the night before. Anyway, she is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some initial inexplicable events, she spent about a year outside the school and did not graduate. She has a desire to graduate, and the principle that she is practically permeating is the only possible way she can overcome being with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two indications are almost completely opposite and they are at the social level. While Alisha is a quiet, disturbed, antisocial 'goth' girl who spends her time all alone (though she appears to read quite a bit, something from a cabinet / bookworm), the other girl is rich, a popular 'bubbly' "Girl who always seems incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and her realism for survival. I find these two roles a wonderful job in representing MOST cliques in modern high school, but more importantly, two totally opposite girls who do not know each other finally open up. As the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful truth about her once-protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that the total abandonment of society and closing everything in it is not always the best. Many people will look at the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Either a snob-like, hate-filled girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer the way she does, and unpack it with an innocent girl, or the story of a seemingly trapped, fantasized girl who encounters an outcast in society rather than just Judge does not learn, but that she may actually be one of the most intelligent people she knows. In other words, people may see this film as a focus on Alisha teaching the other girl a lesson in life, but it's not about it. <br /> <br /> This movie is about several things. While it is all that I have said, it is also representative of how people deal with a major, life-changing catastrophe. In fact, this film is not very symbolic, but instead incredibly straightforward with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and your heart to some emotions that you may not be accustomed to portray so miraculously. Overall, this movie is one of the best I have ever seen. The spectacle is brilliant, the plot and performance is profound and meaningful, and the emotions flowing through this film will not only relate everyone, but may also cry. This movie is far from heartbreaking and very effective, and if I had ever believed that a movie could change a person's life, it would be the first to change mine. <br /> <br /> I've admired the movie, if you ever want a movie that's moving and effective, yet incredibly entertaining and REAL, take a look.
