Hal Hartley's Henry Fool was an independent film masterpiece and certainly his best work. It has a tremendous depth of character, a subtle, complicated dialogue and a great, emotional ending that captivates. I remember that the first time I stopped him several times to capture what I saw and felt. Henry Fool was a complete movie from beginning to end and did not need a sequel. <br /> <br /> So I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the protagonists of the first film and seemed to exist rather as the disturbing imposition of realistic vanity and ignorance that forced her brother Simon to deal with growing up. In her own film, Fay matures herself, though her maturity takes a different path. Simon developed from an almost autistic isolation to a merely introverted genius. Fay begins her adult journey as an immature, completely normal, spoiled child and responds to the onrush of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature, fully normal, experienced adult who has no merit. It deals with problems like every human being, with determination, a little reflection and weary contempt. As Simon learns to control his thoughts, Fay learns to control her feelings. The film contains some lovingly reminiscent elements of his prequel, but differs largely in the tone of the film. Henry Dumbbell showed you a raw, boring, ignorant world that was different from Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a vivid, crazy, emotional place, showing the stupidity of her young life and, in contrast, exposing the inner wise woman who had not been previously developed or promoted by her similarly weak mother. The film consists of two parts The first is about the beginning of Fay's fight and the subsequent hardening of authoritarian hostilities, and the second is about their struggle to soften just enough to regain Henry. First of all, fans of Henry Fool wonder how the movie can even be considered a sequel and consider it profane to pursue such an intense spy-mongering and physical comedy movie. Here, however, lies the fineness of Fay Grim. The sequel is about Fay's journey, and as I said earlier, finding the life-giving reason in chaos is not the creative chaos in a fixed order. Parker Posey is a terrific actress who perfectly captures Hal Hartley's humorous sense of humor. Elina Löwensohn may be overriding her in an emotional commitment to the role, so Parker tackles both the real man and the comic against the vivacious, stage-like comedy that happens around her. With the entry of Henry into the picture, the film begins a sobering turn. Hal Hartley's films are all plays, and each piece must close the circle. In the end, Fay's newly developed character and integrity are the offspring of her time with the fateful intense Henry whose pervasive honesty and unique passion ignites anyone he encounters. Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool, but by Hals assortment shows that the nuances of his art are the proof of his genius. Honestly, I think anyone who thrashes this movie not only missed the point of a mile (and especially the subtlety in Parker Posey's acting), but the film Henry Fool could not have been very interested.
