Maybe I would have liked this movie more if I did not hang on the characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at TIFF, the film has many explanations and explanations. <br /> <br /> This film is very heavy in action, which keeps the movie moving. There are many humorous moments, and the film has Hartley's characteristic humor and rhythm of dialogue. All in all, a technically well-made film that will surely satisfy new fans of Hartley who are just beginning to explore his work. For the older fans, who loved his earlier works such as Trust and Amateur, this movie could go both ways. I have mixed feelings about Hartley's film and later films in general. What Hartley does best is to put his stories into small situations and concentrate in the intimate and idiosyncratic way in which his characters interact with each other. Since the late 90's his films have expanded thematically. Mass media in no such thing, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suitable for such a big topic or if he manages to achieve justice. Strangely, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who seeks the husband she loves. The only problem is, I've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems to be incredibly uncharacteristic in this movie. It can be said that this film was written long after the end of Henry Fool without continuation of a sequel. Somehow, the use of Henry's confession books as a Macguffin (in the sense of Hitchcock) makes the terrorist conspiracy feel comfortable. Fay's motivations to find Henry seemed motivated only by the plot's needs, not the question of who to be loyal, as a person of Henry Fool's loyal to the characters in Henry Fool, and it does not exactly work as a thriller. There is too much irony and injustice in Hartley's approach to excessive issues such as terrorism. It works somehow and does not work at the same time. All I could say is that you either love or hate the movie, depending on your attitude to Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Fool, be warned for a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride.
