The 1997 low-key indie drama Henry Fool would seem to have been a safe bet for films that nobody could afford to continue. A crumpled, destroyed drifter (Thomas Jay Ryan) saunters into the city. His anarchist jokes and deceptions inspire a nerdy garbage collector (James Urbaniak) to write poetry while Henry halfheartedly tries to scold the guy's sister (Parker Posey). While the poet thrives, Henry refuses. Nothing special about one of the characters or the story. A pitch for Harold and Maude's Ghost would have been cited with higher odds that it ever succeeded in getting a screen. <br /> <br /> But Parker Posey is not for nothing the semi-official Queen of the Indies. When writer / director Hal Hartley found a new incarnation for his cast, a movie was born. Although we catch up with the same characters for many years, they are in a completely different kind of dark comedy. this is devoured with espionage! Henry might have been an international spy for years - and possibly a double or even triple agent - before he met the others. He is either dead or hiding from agents and authorities of many countries. Everyone desires their vast, incoherent diary containing potentially encrypted secrets that could destabilize nations and economies. Posey's Fay is either the woman he left to go to the Lam, or his widow, whoever tells the truth. Fay's efforts to find Henry and / or the hotly-contested journals involve a globetrotting fool of multinational hits and henchmen each turn. She never knows who to believe or trust. We neither. <br /> <br /> While holding these unlikely characters in the Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan area, Hartley's script retains the ironic, low-potency humor of the first performance by ridding itself of slapstick and exposing it to physical threats. His clever Lampoon of paranoia, duplicity and alliances of the music chairs of today's geopolitics begins to crumble in the end. Nevertheless, fans of the first film are positively surprised by the novelty of Hartley's recycling methods. (18:05:07)
