Fay Grim is a story of espionage and intrigue on his face told with a nod and a wink. Continuing with his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising mix of Film Noir and hardened spy thriller that starts with a knowing smile and a big laugh and becomes so poignant and warm that I've never seen it this year. <Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an ignorant Mata Hari trapped between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the questionable intentions of a charming CIA agent. Jeff Goldblum, as Agent Fulbright, is a master of wit and sarcasm in a role that seems to be tailored to his talents. He has never been better. James Urbaniak is Fay's brother Simon, imprisoned but famous for his popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister brings with it a jolt of passion to contrast the sullen nature of the spies who eventually populate Fay's world. And Liam Aiken is the over-sized 14-year-old son of Fay. Although that may be superfluous. Aikens inconspicuous style is remarkable for someone his age "old soul". <br /> <br /> The entire film is Dutch twist, the style known by Orson Welles, which is used primarily in horror movies and psychological thrillers to convey a sense of foreboding. In Fay Grim, it is fascinating to use this style from the opening balance to the end, while the next one is deceptively clever. Because just as the viewer falls for the perfectly matched comedic elements and the joke of Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a dark but strangely reassuring turn as these characters become magically sympathetic before our eyes. What began as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. The slow pace gives way to breathtaking action and we are drawn straight into the whirlpool. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's keen dialogue, combined with the amazing performances of a perfectly tuned ensemble cast, is a delicious movie cocktail. Hal Hartley has written the luxury of a person capable of writing, producing, directing, editing, and even composing music. Fay Grim is part of Dashiell Hammett, part of Raymond Chandler and part of Ian Fleming, shaken and perhaps also touched.
