I like this movie a lot, although it seems intentionally less polished than the other Fred and Ginger movies, not to mention the somewhat problematic casting by Harriet Hillard in the romantic lead role. <br /> <br /> Also in these films, the plot plays a subordinate role - Astaire plays a rather unlikely sailor (who happened to be a brilliant former hoofer (of course!)) and Rogers an up and coming actor in a dodgy dime-a- Dance music hall. Although their relationship is bright and funny, they look at an impregnable main story from Hilliard and Randolph Scott who did not manage to find any chemistry between them. <br /> <br /> Although it was a last-minute decision, Hilliard was quite wrong on this matter, as she does not have the screen presence to give this film what it needs, even though it is sweet throughout and sympathetic. The film may have helped promote Lucille Ball's wise, crunchy, secular, brass-like character in a larger role, as she simply shines in every little scene, giving Rogers a great side kick in this bright movie Wonderful scenes between these two fantastic actresses can be found in "Stage Door," which was created the following year: That Scott's one-dimensional Neanderthal character finally falls in love with Hilliards is even harder to believe than Astaire in the Navy! <br /> < Now for the important part, singing and dancing, nothing can be said about "Let's Face the Music and Dance" as brilliant and moving and perfect, and I often watch this scene with tears in my eyes. But other songs in the movie also deserve recognition. "I put all my eggs in a basket" is a nice example of the comedic instincts of v on Astaire and Rogers and almost enjoys their call to dance spontaneously and perfectly synchronized. Other highlights include "I'd rather lead the band" and "Let Yourself Go", which show how these two talents alone and together can look so brilliant. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not the only) times when we see Astaire brilliantly playing the piano; It seems that this man's talents were endless! <br /> <br /> All in all, I tend to prefer "Top Hat" and "Swing Time" (albeit briefly) as it's more earthly and so enthusiastically performed by everyone involved. It's hard not to be a fun factor to like.
