The plot is never the strength of a film by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the script of "Follow the Fleet" is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still doing well - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates some entertaining comic moments. But for most of the film, they take a back seat to a boring subplot about Sherry's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's passion with another woman and an old schooner, Connie of hers has inherited father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> At the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional Irving rating from Berlin, which gives the stars many opportunities to show off their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I'd rather lead a band". He sings expressively and of course dances electrifyingly - and through the sailor suit he looks a bit boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the catchy "Let Yourself Go" and later does a solo tap dance with the same melody. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the movie, though they are all involved in the plot with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance contest by doing an energetic routine to another reprise of "Let Yourself Go". Later, they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in a basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number that deflated the choreography into weird effects. In the end, the film finds out how he can get Fred and Ginger in evening dresses for a romantic duet - he's part of a show within the show. The situation is well thought out, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the nicest things Berlin has ever written (it reminds of Cole Porter), and the dance fits in elegantly. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would be a tedious task to get through most of the dialogue sections of "Follow the Fleet" again, and this is in fact not necessary as the plot rarely drives the musical numbers. But I could see the songs over and over again.
