If Hollywood is to be believed, it's just a gossip. Although the sailors may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean, it seems their oceanic duties are completely non-existent, and somehow Fred Astaire finds ample free time during the day to offer dance lessons to a fleet of would-be romantics. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's earlier film "Top Hat (1935)" completely ignored the global economic crisis that brought America to its knees and ignored the world of the rich and famous. Maybe it was the film's optimistic attitude that contributed to its success. Likewise, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is heavy and exhausting, replacing instead the duties of a sailor with a range of catchy, light musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship broke after rejecting a marriage proposal. After several years in the navy, Bake finds sherry as a dance hostess in an uncomplicated San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers take turns trying to woo and push each other off, Sherry's simple, music-teaching sister (Harriet Hilliard, who looks pretty pretty) gets a complete makeover and tries to charm superficial sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott) , There are many of the usual screwball comedy phenomena, a few moments of false identity and even a witty trained monkey stealing every scene she's in. Especially amusing is the scene in which Bake sabotages the casting of an interpreter to create a window for him estranged girl; Unfortunately for both of them it's an unfortunate sherry who drinks the soda bicarbonate and loses his ability to sing. <br /> <br /> "Follow the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth successful collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and the third (of five) in which Sandrich led the pair. Irving Berlin supplied the music and the lyrics of the film, and every music number is pleasantly carefree and entertaining, even if they are not as catchy as those of "Top Hat (1935)", "Swing Time (1936)" or "Shall We" Dance (1937). 'Astaire tries to free himself from his typical personality of the rich man in the city, without much success, but one can hardly imagine the artist without the boyish carefree charm that could only come with considerable wealth. The romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (who wears a brunette wig to avoid colliding with Ginger's blond hair) has some emotional solo numbers, including "Get Thee Behind Me Satan ", which was originally written for" Top Hat ".
