Follow the Fleet, an RKO production of 1936, plays Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had many similar romantic films, RKO once again helped them create a worthwhile storyline that incorporates relevant situations into society at the time of their creation. Follow the Fleet's narrative relies heavily on the use of layered storylines between the two main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> The general plot of the film revolves around Bake Baker, a sailor in the US Navy played by Fred Astaire and Sherry Martin, Bake's former partner for love and dance, who is now a singer and dancer who played by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is on the ship and his shipmate Bilge Smith takes a picture of the two together. Bake reveals that the last time he saw her, he asked her to marry him. That's why Bilge suggests meeting when she's ashore, hoping that she could have a boyfriend. <br /> <br /> The next big scene begins with the film's second act, when Connie Martin, Sister's sister, is denied entry to paradise where her sister works, unless accompanied by a gentleman , She turns around and finds Bilge with a bag of drinks behind her. She plays it as if waiting for him, and also buys her entrance to paradise. Connie then finds sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can not have the happiness sherry does to men. Therefore, Sherry suggests that she make a makeover from her friends while performing on stage. Connie gets ready and enters the ballroom again, approaching again Bilge, overwhelmed by her sight. This begins the second romantic plot between Bilge and Connie. As the film progresses, the story and the ascending actions alternate between comical reliefs of the two couples' problems creating multiple ascending and descending mini-actions within the overall plot. Bake and Sherry have made their first moments together as they participate in a dance contest and win in the end. They are reminiscent of the success and joy they have when they are together. Similarly, Bilge Connie can overwhelm with his romantic attempts to please her, and they retire to her home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events will soon be followed by unsettling measures that will reverse the rising story. Bake left Sherry last night to retreat to the ship before midnight and told her he would come for her in the morning. Unfortunately, after the shipmates return, the ship sets course for Sherry, making her think that Bake is still a typical sailor looking for a good time when he is ashore. <br /> <br /> The mood changes again as another subplot is included in the movie as a "Party of Big Shots" tour the ship. This alternate action is used to buffer the stories of the film's two main relationships and to help build confidence and preference for Bake's overall good intentions. The party is interrupted by the ignorant music of Bake and his companions when they missed the sound to report on deck for the company. The ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and Bake starts to entertain them with some dancing, which in the end lightens the mood of the movie and brings joy to the sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to the pair's interwoven stories, Sherry Bake tries to prove that she does not need his help landing a job. Unfortunately, Bake does not know she's auditioning, and puts a good word to Sherry as he listens to his friend in the studio as he talks about the remarkable woman. Bake's mission is to help sherry by manipulating her water, not being able to sing her properly and destroying her audition. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all of her money repairing a ship she hoped would become the captain of Bilge. She also had a memorable dinner planned for him when he should come by, but Bilge knew her intentions and hopes to get married soon, and was not interested in her anymore, so he set her up. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film continues in the same format as mini-ascents and drops until the peak between the two pairs is reached and the film ends with the luck of both couples. Using the altered stories helps build interest and emotion in each couple, as they deal with both happiness and pain in each of their struggles. The interlocking stories can also relate to each other and integrate other disconnected subplots to carry the narrative to the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films that include romance, comedy, song and dance, Follow the Fleet is a unique film for the two actors who successfully use the technique of subplots to enhance the effect narration between the two main characters.
