What an entertaining movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy. Astaire has to court Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott has to be convinced that Harriet Hilliard deserves to be his wife. Everything works well. <br /> <br /> Sometimes people argue and I can understand that Scott's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the plot. Particularly painful is Hilliard's singing love songs. I could have sung it without her, but I found the romance more touching. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher. He wears glasses, no make-up and the ugliest clothes known to humans or animals. No wonder Scott avoids her until she sexually sexes under the care of her sister Ginger and a creeping Lucille Ball. The problem is that after her makeover, she looks like the same irrevocably simple woman as before, but with a brighter outfit. It's hard enough for a cozy man. But at least a man can become rich and powerful and popular, but he can still collect women, even if he looks like JoJo, the dog-faced dog. But what does a simple-looking woman do? The same possibilities of romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groupies. Has Margaret Thatcher It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a kind of footnote, I have to mention that Randolph Scott was claimed by Hollywood gossips to be bisexuals who needed some nonsense to chew. - "Women do not interest me, sister." The film probably gives Ginger Rogers more time than other films with Astaire. And she is wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the script also shows her good comic book lines. "Let's kiss and make up," Astaire suggests. "Let's just imitate," she says, "that gives you something to work on." It's also the only movie she shot with Astaire and gives her a solo number during an audition. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) Her performance is inadvertently sabotaged by Astaire, who slides some Alka Seltzer or something into her water, and she swallows through her number dancer, I would make a terrific circus elephant, so my view must be considered that of an amateur but I think their shared dances are the same as those they put on film. Her first, during a dance contest, "Let Yourself Go," is the wildest exuberant I can remember. And the only dramatic duet "Let's Face the Music and Dance" must be one of the best. The last step in leaving is amazing. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for personal reasons. I remember seeing it for the first time in a downtown San Diego theater, next to a shop called "The Seven Seas," which was designed for sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed with the treatment of the naval career of Astaire and Scott. I mean, here's this frothy musical comedy, which owes absolutely nothing to historical reality, and yet, unlike most of its other teamings, still pays its fees. Astaire calls for a "water taxi". I had even gone ashore with a water taxi. The uniforms correspond to the period (in contrast to "On the Town"). And they are neatly worn, the hats are stretched up to two fingers over the eyebrow and not backwards. There are two incidents where Astaire has a problem with the naval authorities and both are treated seriously and are absolutely credible. An officer stops Astaire from directing a jazz band during the inspection and tells the captain: "You were playing when the call was triggered, sir, I'm sure no offense was intended." It's what an officer - a good officer - would say, and nobody laughs. <br /> <br /> The series was reiterated a bit when "Follow the Fleet" was done so, rather than throwing up Fred's company and a tux, they instead turned him into a gum-like swabbie. That was a good idea. And the dance numbers are conceptually dependent.
