As a big fan of the imagination in general and the works of Neil Gaiman * in particular *, I am looking forward to this movie so eager, so hungry and with such a bittersweet mix of anticipation and fear of disappointment that I can hardly believe it finally there. And you know what? I did not have to worry, the movie version is just incredible. Unlike the book, but in a good way - less quirky, weird, still deeply sweet and adorable. <br /> <br /> The special effects are absolutely accurate and let magic become a natural and correct part of the world of Wall, without being intrusive spectacular and intrusive. <br /> <br /> The storytelling and tempo has received the right attention, and the casting is essentially a triumph with the ghostly princes (whose appeal was almost read as "Who's Who" of the currently cool British comedy - Rupert Everett, David Walliams of Little Britain, two of the types of Green Wing, etc.) who steal most of the best lines and pretty much all the funniest moments of the movies there are in abundance. <br /> <br /> In fact, the only slight criticism I have about the whole movie is that sometimes the elements of the comedy become OTT. Subtlety goes out the window to reject the main story. Ricky Gervais' cameo, for example, was far too much "Ricky Gervais, who made his usual David Brent out of the comedy person of the office" to my liking, and I think he has an unwelcome and jerky pause from the magical spell of advancing storytelling (Although in fairness, of memory, the Ferdy figure in the original book was pretty "Ricky Gervais" read when I think back to it) ....... But that's a small mistake an otherwise immaculately occupied and scripted fairy tale with a good mix of action and romance. Charlie Cox as protagonist Tristan captures the right mix of naivety, subtle comedy and self-fulfillment needed for a story like this, where a "humble boy embarks on a life-changing quest"; Claire Danes as Yvaine is beautiful, vivacious and only a little strange or ethereal, a perfect interpretation of her outstanding role; Robert De Niro, in the cameo that every reviewer speaks of, actually deserves praise and fun (looks like he also has a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and evil than the evil witch Lamia, my favorite performance of the movie overall. If you enjoyed their delicious performance in the recently released "Hairspray", you will enjoy them here to the fullest. <br /> <br /> To top it off, you'll surely laugh, you'll smile and you can even cry - Stardust is a beautiful, heartwarming fairy tale for the whole family, with a heart of gold and more smarts, as can be seen at first glance. One of my favorite movies of all time is the absolutely fantastic Princess Bride, and Stardust is compared for a reason, as it's a very similar kind of movie that explores similar topics and areas ... and just like The Princess Bride Fresh, smart and witty, twenty years after its first release, I believe that Stardust's delicious, witty sweetie will be a family favorite on our TVs for many years (or an equivalent future device!).
