Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood's first dance team, were typically nineteen years old in the 1930s, gliding past elaborately exaggerated Art Deco sets. However, for this 1936-trip they go down a bit, the fifth of ten musicals together. This time, Astaire relinquishes his top hat, his white tie, and his tails to become a bubblegum-chewing sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the entertainer Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dance and more - before signing up. So unlike the false identity lies and romantic hesitations that prevailed in most of their previous pairings, they are already paired at the beginning of the movie. Directed by Mark Sandrich (who has directed five of his matings), the film has a narrative resemblance to the "Roberta" of 1935, in which she is only one of two couples in the plot are. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films, this time as bake crewmember "Bilge" Smith. He is not with Irene Dunne (who understandably rejected this follow-up), but partnered with Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays sherry's sister Connie, who falls heavily in love with Bilge. In the stupid plot, she's been overhauled by a young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and there's a classic three-way shot of Hilliard, Ball, and a lovable kewpie doll in front of a mirror. <br /> <br /> Speaking of history, Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor have some of this and go something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on shore leave in San Francisco, where they end up with their friends in a dance hall, rowdy shipmates , Bake finds Sherry working there while Bilge first encounters Connie when she comes in as a dorky spinner and then appears as a glamor girl. Romantic blossom for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. There are many misunderstandings in both of these relationships, but everything works out to turn the steamer into a theater and provide a musical revue. It's about as stupid as it sounds, but it's a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin songs and a trio of Astaire Rogers dances. The first two are casually in tune - a dance contest set to the percolating "Let Yourself Go" where they show mercilessly to win, and a physical ship comedy to toe pounding "I put all my balls in a basket". Her last dance, however, is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set to a stunning arrangement of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Interestingly enough, this movie contains not just an Astaire dance solo, but the only time Rogers had a dance solo in one of her films, an energetic tap routine set to "Let Yourself Go" again. In a cream satin-sailor outfit, she sings the same song the most at the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br/> Astaire and Rogers are here in the typical, funny comic form. While Scott plays his role with his distinctive masculinity, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former band singer, she gives two Berlin love songs in a frustratingly diffuse manner. Anyway, the magic that Astaire and Rogers produced in their best years makes this viewing inevitable. The 2005 DVD offers some good extras, starting with a thirteen-minute feat "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Dancing Feet". It describes how Astaire and Rogers work together. There is also a live action "Soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his dance orchestra", a cartoon with a poultry theme titled "Let It Be Me" and the original movie trailer.
