Hundstage is a deliberately ugly and disturbing study of life in a particularly drab Vienna suburb. It comes from the former documentary director Ulrich Seidl, who sets the material very documentary. However, the film deviates from normal types and presents us characters best described as "extremes". some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some extremely funny; some extremely insidious; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several near-plottary episodes that interweave with each other from time to time, following the characters for several days in a blistering Viennese summer. Very few viewers will be accommodated by the film feeling? The intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with people, the many diseases that plague our society in general. It's a thought-provoking movie, and its conclusions are pretty damned on the whole. <br/> <br /> A cute old widower fantasizes about his older cleaning lady and wants her to do a striptease while wearing the clothes of his deceased wife. A dancer in the nightclub fights the ever-jealous and violent behavior of her boy-racer friend. A mourning couple can no longer communicate with each other and seek comfort by having sex with other people. An abusive man abuses his wife, but she forgives him again and again. A security vendor desperately tries to find the culprit behind vandalism on a construction site, but struggles with an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman drives around with strangers and insults her until she throws her out of the car! The lives of these different characters converge during an intense heat wave in the summer over several days. <br /> <br /> The desperation in the film is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by long, awkward silence that is twice as effective as an entire dialogue passage. Then there are other scenes in which you are relaxed by the dialog and screen events. In particular, a scene where the security vendor handed the female hitchhiker to a vengeful guy - beaten, raped, and humiliated (fortunately, all off the screen) for vandalism she did not even do - arouses a sour, almost angry taste. In another scene, a man has a burning candle stuck in the back of his head and has to sing the national anthem at gunpoint, all as part of his sentence, because he is disgusting with his wife. While we may want to cheer for this criminal to catch up, at the same time we are appalled and amazed at the nature of his punishment. In fact, such strong contrasts could serve as a summary of the entire movie - every moment of lightheartedness is offset by a moment of chill. Every hope is met with desperation. For every character for whom you can feel or feel sympathy, there is another that encourages nothing but anger and hate. Maybe we want to turn away from dog days to reject it as an exercise in misery, but it also points to some uncomfortable truths, and it should be applause for that.
