The special thing about the Austrian films is not only from Seidl, but also from Spielmann and other directors. This is the pervading sense of reality that does not leave the viewer throughout the movie. Dog days is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by the illustrated stories, but also by playing actors. In Hundstage I never had the feeling that these actors are playing, but real people. So real is the visceral feeling of the viewer ... Almost as if the grumpy pensioner or the lonely woman in the movie lives in your block under you. <br /> <br /> Anyone living in Vienna can undoubtedly make this painful. Know the people in the movie with their bitches / sudern (sorrows), their hidden sexual urges and the Prolo macho boys. This is reinforced by the Viennese dialect, which - as many think - is intended primarily for complaining as a way of life. A special Viennese parochialism and arrogance typical of Vienna are also very well represented. The Viennese suburbs are alive in the movie with stupor and drowsiness, where nothing happens. In addition, they became a celebration of materialism with shopping malls and huge department stores. In between are the homes of the people in which they indulge themselves in the pleasures they see as pleasurable activities, trying to stay in touch with their human selves, but in vain. The examples are the old lady's sexual play with the men bordering on rape, the proletarian loses his nerve and beats his girlfriend and the young woman who hitchhikes and irritates her drivers. The film has no soundtrack because it focuses only on the normality / abnormality of its images. Another typical feature of Seidl (and other Austrian directors) is the portrayal of disturbing sexual images. These include the undressing of the old woman for her husband, the sexual scenes in the bathroom, the sexual play of the lady with the two men in her apartment, etc. In Hundstage, Seild portrayed the lives of people who may be as many Viennese as they Citizens of Paris, New York or Madrid could be. Viewers should not despise or sympathize with the Viennese in the film, as they themselves could become victims of the same human alienation and alienation, albeit under different circumstances. In the end, I believe that Seidl's movie is a warning to us of the terrible state of human relationships so brutally revealed in Dog Days. And if the viewer does not succumb to the reasons for this evil transformation, Seidl has achieved his goal.
