This movie has been rated as one of the most disturbing and arresting movies in years. It's one of the few, maybe the only one who really worried me: not even Pasolini's Sálo, with whom this film compares, touched me so much. I've seen echoes of filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others in the movie. I had to ask myself, what was the movie I felt that way? I think the answer is that I've seen a horror movie that contradicts or even overcomes the conventions of that genre. Typically horrible and scary things will happen in a horror movie, but on the fringes of civilized society: abandoned houses, deserted hotels, castles, cemeteries, morgues, etc. This horror-related approach is, in my opinion, a kind of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity, which acts as a kind of projective space for the wishes and fears of the beholder. From this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie. It happens in a completely normal society and therefore does not try in the histrionics of the horror movie. However, what you are seeing is the suppression of certain key themes from the horror genre, especially with regard to the body and its injury, the stages of fear and torture that it can enforce. What Seidl does is to use the attitudes of an everyday bourgeois society as a stage on which there is a repeated play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and violation of intimacy and integrity: exactly the topics you would find in horror, but subject to a principle of light and transparency, from which there is no escape. Exactly in this shift is the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage deals with these things as a function of everyday life, showing them in repeated repetition rather than places of extremity and catharsis - a movement that you would encounter in the horror genre. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder blended the political with the personal in his films, a tactic of melodrama that allowed him to deal with political issues such as racism, domination, longing, property issues, sexual property and sexually serious and even moral ways, control, fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic of making the mechanisms of everyday society the subject of his film puts him close to Fassbinder. Like this German ally, he has some sort of political vision of the society he considers his responsibility in his films. At a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, where Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he had so many cases of abused, subject women in Hundstage, but no cases in which a woman resisted and freed herself , Seidl replied that some would find it immoral to show violence against women, but he himself felt it was immoral not to show it. An artistic statement, as good as any other, I think. Many Thanks.
