The power to dream is a wonderful thing. There is a saying: "Not all dreamer reach, but all successes dream." By exploring our imagination, we shape our own future. Or build empires. Maybe you overcome our fears, limits and obstacles. Gain wisdom and benefit humanity. Or (simply put) you can find the way to true love and happiness. Freud could express such things in symbols. The language of fantasy. <br /> <br /> Tristan ventures out of a rather small English village called Wall. He pauses in the wall. A portal Looking for something that will prove its love to Victoria (Sienna Miller). Victoria does not take him very seriously. That's why he promises to bring back a falling star. Stormhold is the world outside the wall. He discovers that the fallen star has taken the form of a beautiful girl, Yvaine (Claire Danes). To complicate matters, three evil witches want to get Yvaine. If they can eat their heart, it will refresh their youth. (One of the witches is played by Michelle Pfeiffer, who makes fabulous young-old transformations of looks and behavior.) The "good" they meet on the way is Captain Shakespeare (Robert de Niro). He has a wild, daring pirate facade, but is a sweet cabinet queen underneath. Meanwhile, the heirs of Stormhold are involved in a dispute over the heirs of the kingdom. Ricky Gervais is an extra extra. A Buffoon dealer who can handle Gevais gags well. Tristan's purity of mind awakens love for Yvaine, so there is a beautiful little triangle. Until he reaches maturity to distinguish pedestal divas from real women. <br /> <br /> Stardust is a comprehensive, large-scale fantasy that lives up to its countless stars. Quite positive and written with a clarity that makes it worthy of psychoanalysis that a bunch full of Harry Potter frolics. The production values ​​rival Hollywood, and the plot is free of racist stereotypes, misogyny, religious or class policy agendas as the shaping and perverting of so many large-scale fantasies. Action and dialogue have many predictable elements, and the fairytale quality may be too annoying for some listeners. However, if you want an excuse to make your heart beat faster, this movie may deliver it. <br /> <br /> As a boy, I remember listening to the albums of the Moody Blues (who were in a house nearby) wonderful from where I lived). They made records with names like "In Search of the Lost Chord" and wrote lyrics like "Thinking is the best way to travel". I would fill my head with books on magic and mystery, from Timothy Leary to Aleister Crowley. Create dreams. Learning to make her real. Nowadays, one might speak of NLP or positive thinking. Adults who are thinking of dreaming with the power of youth, but with the vision and application of maturity. Do you still like the feeling? <br /> <br /> It is recommended not to wait for DVD on Stardust. See it on the biggest movie screen you can find. And Dolby Digital Surround Sound, if you can get it. The actors look like they had a ball. Maybe you will too.
