To make it short and not to spoil everything, this film is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief who messes up a large shipment of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened by the man who gave him the "order". The goal now is to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a "retired" booster, and also Kip's brother and some old Randall friends. As you can see, this is the same old, big brother who has to get out of the routine, and of course Randall is the best thief ever. Of course, as with all the other films, there are a few setbacks and surprises you might never have thought of, but sometimes it's also predictable, so the story is nothing special. <br /> <br /> You're probably wondering why this is about 51 times that of the HOT STUFF, as only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars have to be stolen. Well, the other hot thing in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who's going to be a big star)). Not only is she very convincing in the role of car theft, she's also pretty hot. OK, not hot as in nice, but hot as damn cool and sexy. She was very believable in that role, probably because she's some kind of wild woman in real life (do not believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy part just look, man. I just know that she plays the kind of girl I like in this movie because she's not too mainstream, looks a bit alternative and even has a tattoo. While watching this movie, there was not much action, it is a completely unrealistic scene, the story is just OK and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after seeing the whole movie I have to say WHO CARES. Why do I have to say that, also because it was still entertaining. had some cool car chases; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (in which the combination of music and actor lines makes your eyes wet); good actors who have all done their job; pretty cars; a cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, my wife Jolie) and not least very nice and cool tools to charge the cars with. So a few drawbacks, but still a pretty good and entertaining movie. All in all, the best way to describe this movie is that it's an OK movie with a cool movie. Feel-good end. <br /> <br /> Like Nicolas Cage, oh well? After such good movies as "The Rock", "Con Air", "Face / Off", "Snake Eyes" and finally, he is one of my favorite actors in the action genre. And which actor has had so many good action / thrillers in the last few years and such successful ones? Well no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's also one of my favorites. However, in the films of Mr. Cages Bruckheimer it is true that they are getting worse and worse. The skirt was a clear 9, Con Air was a nice 8 and this is clearly a 7. Not that this brand is bad. Does not it show that his films are getting worse and worse under Bruckheimer and that Cage may need to think about it a bit longer before he accepts a role in a movie and probably should make fewer films? No, that does not show us, because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in recent years, with the exception of 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit, but it was never Cage's fault and the story seemed to be good to me. I can not say anything about the latter movie because I have not seen it yet. However, I know exactly, if Bruckheimer had asked me for these three films, I would have said all YES. I would have said yes to The Rock because the story was great and you would play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air because there would be a lot of action because the story was good and because you had to play with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this I would have starred because I got a big pay, I could have done cool and fast cars and because I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in this Lara.) Croft outfit ). This was a good choice from Mr. Cage and it was definitely worth a look in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 points
