Well, this was certainly a surprising episode. In this anthology sci-fi series with all these extraterrestrial beings, extraordinary events, and many brushes with the hereafter, this episode would certainly be considered unusual. His seemingly insignificant attitudes do not seem to convey morality at the end of the story. Or does it start with the Silent Movie Form, no recorded dialogue, but musical accompaniment. In this case, it is the soundtrack in which the organ or piano playing is not used by a visible musician. This episode, along with the ending section, also used title cards, just like "The Old Time Movies." These titles are a bit exaggerated and exaggerated, but they are deliberate and made with a liking that The Silent Film is not despised. Norman Z. McLeod, director of comedy comedy, was the man in the chair for this half-hour installment. He was the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, with people like the Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd, and Danny Kaye. He was no stranger to television because he had worked a lot on television series. <br /> <br /> It does not seem that he and Mr. Keaton have ever worked together (since I can not find any proof of that) 'But judging by the outcome of the film, they managed brilliantly! Anyone who ran Keaton knew that Buster was both a good comedy director and a comedy player. Behind the camera, he felt just as comfortable as before. Your short partnership must have been harmonious, with "giving and taking" what to do. It is obvious that many of the gags were Keatons revived by his own Silent Picture Days. For example, the gag of putting on the pants with roller blinds (Stanley Adams help was done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919)). That was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell. <br /> <br/> Buster knew we were filming our world with a camera and creating a two-dimensional image. This fact marks the end of many gags and is a cardinal rule for him filmmaking. <br /> <br /> The cast was small and once again full of veteran talent. Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as the pure man of Mr. Keaton. Jesse White, the old "Maytag Repair Man," was the fix it store that fixed Time HJelmet. Gil Lamb, a quiet veteran of the RKO Short Comedy series, was the cop of the 1890s. James Flavin, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons rounded off the whole largely quiet cast. <br /> <br /> Without spilling the beans, we simply say: yes, probably there is a lesson here. If not already the "The grass looks greener on the other side of the fence!". How about "be careful with what you ask, because you might get it!"
