This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was weird rather than funny or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a caretaker from America in 1890 working in a lab. He's always busy with the life problems around him: meat is too expensive (it's about $ 1.00 / pound, unknown). He always screams for crazy speeders (on bicycles - cars have not surfaced yet). He reaches for a helmet like a scientist, puts it on and tries it out. Suddenly he is in modern America. The beginning was a seven-minute silent movie. Now everything is noise, everything is talking, everything beeps, everything is blowing. Keaton is only here for a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He comes across Stanley Adams, a professor Rollo, who states that Mulligan dates from around 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in this charming, quiet time. He helps Mulligan get the helmet repaired and they go back in time. Rollo is bored after some time, because he has no scientific equipment available. Mulligan puts on the helmet and sends him into the future. But now Woodrow is completely satisfied with the quiet, simple age in which he lives. He found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton has been on television frequently (often for Allan Funt in CANDID CAMERA, where he has been able to help visual gag tricks in public). He also did some movies (especially a funny thing that happened on the way to the forum and the railroad). Occasionally he appeared in television games and episodes. He is in his element here, presumably advising the director (the old comedy director Norman McLeod - he led the Marx brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) about the tricks he could do. Watch Stanley Adams and he have time when Adams picks him up as he grabs a pair of trousers he needs. It is reminiscent of gags that he made during the 1920s in films like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in very good shape for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The performances of Jesse White (just here as a worker) are always welcome. Take a look at "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in film and television from the fifties to his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with a disheveled appearance and heavy, booming voice, was his best known dramatic role as a wrestling promoter in the movie version of REQUIEM FOR A HEAVY WEIGHT (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume as an Indian). His best-known television appearance was the space trader who introduced Starship Enterprise's crew in STAR TREK to these furry, fertile little creatures "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams has always been worth a look (like Jesse White and certainly Keaton), and most of the productions he's performed have been improved. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad ending for a first-rate character actor.
