Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in jail for car theft and has received the plan for the perfect robbery of a lifler in prison; So he has to get out of jail fast. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will spend his time in prison for some money. But nobody wants to do the time for Cosimo's crimes, and yet everyone seems to know a man who does that. Soon the bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) realizes the details of this so-called "perfect job". <br /> <br /> At first I think that this movie was very funny and in my view I would recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not look at the Italian original, so I can not judge or compare the two films. "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for four people trying to steal the money from the vault room in a house. Everyone has given their share of the brilliance of this film casting. A truly awesome movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney have all contributed to this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie is just a comedy, that's not fair. That's more than that. Because of a difference. All thieves in this film have very small wishes when they are asked: What are they doing with their money? She usually secures her future in a very modest manner. This fact goes beyond the comedy into the soul of these criminals. And not only she, but also the cop Babitch, who is portrayed as a corrupt person; Here, the directors Russo introduce us to the fact that criminals and police are alike. Actually, everyone is in Collinwood; and not only in Collinwood, all people cause to hunt money legally or illegally. I do not like that all the movies ultimately liked the fans and cheered for thieves. However, this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with his little baby and his wife in jail. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the others. They are like characters in my favorite comic Alan Ford. They all try to make some money, but they just are not lucky. But everyone did a good deed: they gave Riley money so he could get his wife out of jail. In my eyes, these are all heroes, because many "honest" people would not do that.
