I first saw the movie at the age of 14, when I first heard the word 'govno' (sh * t) on Soviet television (I bet it was really the first time in history). Everyone wants this in insert the trivia area? :) ... What an open audacity and freedom, I thought! Over the years, I was more and more impressed with the film and the incredible acting, but my feelings turned into a kind of mix of enjoyment and a real piece of film art and a bitter realization of a concept that was diametrically opposed to my 14-year-old artist , Impression: helplessness. Throughout the film, an inevitable catastrophe threatens, a primitive degenerate flood (embodied by Sharikov) that carries the lives of the best minds of humanity in their territories ... It is a great metaphor of the Russian revolution in general that is ashamed of its superiority and power the hope of "upgrading" the lower classes, only to release the power of mediocrity and be swallowed by it ... An extremely fine and talented piece that envelops a truly sad idea in a brilliantly satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself meant the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the tsunami in Hollywood overturned them. At least it seems to be judged by most current Russian films (most of them are referred to as "blockbusters" in advance !!! Trailer and posters). <br /> <br /> Funnily, the "govno" episode is not a contradiction to Efenstor's comment on the rude language of the current generation ... According to what I said earlier, it might seem that this was the movie, who showed the way, but it was not the case. A mild word by today's standards, at that time it was far too impolite and just rude to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... By the way, as far as Ephesians are concerned, where a single buzzword could have meanings, the sentences in translation require! I regret, however, that ALL the meaning that prevails in today's teenage conversation can be expressed in words. I feel that this is the bigger problem than choosing the medium that is most efficient for the task :) Well, this movie and the book are great food for thought that could change them or for anyone who has the luxury to look at it.
