This movie (and yes, it's a movie - it was shot as a two-parter, but the two parts make up a little more than two hours together) - is one of the unsung masterpieces of world cinema. The film is a very good-natured and at the same time absolutely cruel denunciation of the Soviet regime and the kind of person who flourished under it. He is a faithful adaptation of the long-forbidden eponymous book by Mikhail Bulgakov. The sets are immaculate, and the director has made the brilliant decision to film in monochrome sepia and feels authentically where a washed-up color incarnation of the late '80s almost ruined the movie. I will not say much about the plot it deserves to be discovered by the viewer, but the performances are real Oscar material. Special mention goes to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such presence, gravitas and kind wisdom that in the end he barely steals every scene in which he finds himself with hardly a word or a gesture. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov V. Tolokonnikov's frightening perfection character is far more frightening than Hannibal Lecter, for it does not exist only in real life - entire countries have been ruled by men like him throughout history, with everything, what happens. <br /> <br /> Although this is a socio-political allegory, it is worth noting that the film is also full of humor, albeit dark - there are many funny comedies that did not make me laugh like this movie. When you laugh about this movie, you not only feel funny, but also sympathetic and united, which is always a plus. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a complaint I have with this film - the only one small flaw is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery that I have sometimes captured by the "enlightened" characters. But that is a small mistake. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to have been bypassed by Western licensed companies. It is a terrible shame that one of the best all-round films out there is unrestored and untranslated (which should not be incredibly hard) - though all cultural references and revolutionary terminology inevitably fade in translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to all). While waiting for the Criterion edition, I think about creating English subtitles myself. Let's see how it works.
