Ok, after reading a few reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I'd just like to clarify a few misconceptions that it's a direct rip-off of Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water. The only thing that was a rip-off from Nadia is that the followers of Nadia and the followers of Atlantis are so similar in purpose, origin and origin from the Source of Life that there is no doubt that it will be copied , If you want to figure out how Kida and Nadia are dressed the same, you could do the same against Disney (It was kind of weird for Nadia and Kida to wear these bikini clothes in an adventure sci-fi, not to mention both move in a similar style too). As an anime fan, I have to admit that there is a certain amount of copying, but it's just the small details and not many original ideas (such as the Laputa keyhole wall design, the old mask by Princess Mononoke, the Resemblance) from the vehicles to the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.) ... The plot itself is in my opinion very original and it is quite amazing that Disney can do without Captain Nemo (the main character in Jules Verne's 20k). Leagues under the subway) can create sea, which is also the main character in Nadia). Mylo and Jean wear similar glasses ... As the novel "Lord of the Flies" shows, the glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think that Mylo, Jean, the main character of Stargate, and a dozen other "smart" people would look a bit unfit for the role if they went without glasses. As for the submarines and how the submarines fight (with the broad blast torpedoes that are really similar to that of Nautilius), I would like to say that this is a necessary element for both if Atlantis is involved in the conspiracy ( after all, it is a sunken city.) under the water). As for the crew with the crew of Nautilius in Nadia, so it may be the artwork, but I feel there no copyright infringement, since the personalities of the character for me were absolutely original. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as the # 1 best anime that I even saw today. I doubted Atlantis when I saw the preview for the first time. But now that I've seen the movie, I've regained confidence in Disney and have high hopes for the future Atlantis movies. All in all, the best Disney movie that has ever trembled without me when the song sounds in the middle of the movie, and it's a plus that they've redesigned their cheesy scripts to make them even better. It's also amazing that they make the bad guys look normal without being overly angry at first (I was wondering who the bad guys are and just like the blonde girl looks like a bad character regarding Disney it aka that the bad guys really look threatening)
