Disney, the name of the movie that used to be suitable for all innocent and all-time-appropriate things, has finally realized that it needs to become more diverse to survive. This diversity has become very clear in recent years. Films like "Tarzan" and "The Emperor's New Groove" have attempted to move from the traditional, song-driven routine of Disney's past into a new, uncharted territory. "Atlantis" is the most daring step yet, but we have to remember: this is still Disney. The first serious movie to come out of Disney's animation studio is a great accomplishment for her - in fact, it's so serious he's making it into PG space. Maybe many families were afraid to see them last summer. <br /> <br /> But despite the more mature theme, this is still a movie that Disney wanted to draw in families, not just mature audiences, so the plot had to be kept simple enough for kids to understand, though Interesting enough to remove it from the areas of "The Little Mermaid" and others. So what we get is actually a potentially detailed storyline that unfortunately suffers from the shock of a 96-minute movie. After all, this is an action movie about Atlantis, not the previous exposure. Therefore, we are flopped through the first half hour with as many sequences as possible without losing coherence. Set your doubts on how the characters get from point A to point B so quickly that you will hardly find an animated movie coming from Hollywood! If you want an epic level of detail in the storyline, contact James Cameron's Titanic. In both films, a boat is to some extent seen. <br /> <br /> And let's talk about love, right? Yes, as with many films, the lead actor (a Milo Thatch, a limping archeologist) and the leading actress (Kida, the Cliché Princess of Atlantik) fall in love with each other. But what I found was not as cliché as I expected. At the end of the film, the characters touching / feeling / kissing were much muted for the first time. There are several points in the movie where the attraction grows, but it's just not in the sphere of "The Little Mermaid" (a good thing). <br /> <br /> You may have realized that this is more of a cliché movie. Right. You have your main heroes and your heroine, supported by more than half a dozen crew members who go on expedition and get all their moments during the movie. Numerous other characters appear, take the few minutes and then disappear. It does not take a genius to do the math? A 96-minute film with a focus on action and visuals and a considerable cast has very little time to significantly expand the characters. So what does it rely on? Clichés and many. Each character imitates something that has been done a thousand times. You have the hobbling scientist, the attractive princess, the square jaw-crown, the rich eccentric, the maniacal sleazebag, the Russian femme fatale? do I have to continue? <br /> <br /> I do not know why that did not happen to anyone? I found the humorous nature of this movie quite amusing. Okay, this is supposed to be a serious movie, but do you really expect Disney to abandon every single feature of its story? At least the authors have tried to find funny dialogues throughout, and sometimes it's even a little bit inspired. <br /> <br /> But in the end it's these great pictures that give the icing on the cake. The CGI animation is really amazing in places and does not overshadow the characters, which was a mistake made by the recent "Titan A.E." Low. Speaking of characters, Disney hired an outside comic artist to design the designs and give the movie an anime style. In fact, the visual presentation of the movie as a whole owes much more than anything else than any previous Disney trip. This led to a conflict with fans of the Japanese anime "Nadia" because of the general similarities of the film with the aforementioned animated series. Since I have not seen this anime, I can not comment. <br /> <br /> With picture there is sound. Gary Rydstrom leads the sound team and what a soundtrack! From the opening shot, the Klangbühne is alive and a pleasure. James Newton Howard spoils us with a dynamic score that underlines the film in every way, never sounds out of place and always helps to build or overcome the tension the creators intended. For me, the movie conveys that it's an adventurous adventure ride, albeit with a serious tone than any Disney movie before it. If you do not like the clichéd humoristic attitude, the effort put into the imagery may be thrilling. At least mythology is far more correct than can be said of other Disney efforts (* cough * Hercules * cough *). <br /> <br /> This is a positive comment from someone who scored 10 out of 10 points was blown away by this movie. I always end my disbelief with an animated movie ?? After all, the laws of the real world in the cartoon medium are more than often violated. So sit back, enjoy the ride, and maybe everyone can find something for this movie.
