Military training films are becoming so prevalent that they have become a genre. Among the celebrities we have "Officer and a Gentleman", "Top Gun", "GI Jane" and now "Men of Honor". The fact that this is true does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This movie is probably similar to 'GI Jane' as it focuses on the desegregation angle. <br /> <br /> The story is actually quite inspiring and is probably the best story of people mentioned above. Undoubtedly, Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is a man of great courage and principle, and his character is evident in this film. Unfortunately, director George Tillman has the vision of the tunnel by presenting the characters and showing the evolution of the characters of various characters except Brashear in favor of Brashear in a constant state of contradiction. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central figure, and apart from the first scene, the fistfight and some scenes with his wife, we do not know much about him. For example, Brashear sees the scars on the palms of Sunday, and we have to assume he's been working a plow, but there's no follow-up on that. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) only gets a short scene where we can judge him. The rest of his screen time shows him pacing up and down and scolding. If a director wants to make a story about the subject of man, he must humanize the characters. <br /> <br /> Cuba Gooding Jr. offers outstanding performance as brashear. This is probably the best thing I have seen. This is a role and character far more complete than any other role he has played before. In Jerry Maguire, Rod Tidwell was a fascinating but one-dimensional figure with the depth of a puddle of rain. Brashear is much more complex and down to earth. The problems he faces are life crises, which make the part much more difficult. This is a great recovery from Gooding's last role in "Chill Factor," a movie that is so terrible that it was almost an act of suicide to take on the role. <br /> <br /> After a stint as a comedian ("Analyze This", "The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle", "Meet The Parents"), Robert DeNiro returns to his dramatic roots with an outstanding performance. DeNiro is not a bad comedian, he's just such a big dramatic actor that it does not look like he's wasting time on comedies. DeNiro gives Billy Sunday a rock-hard personality that triggers a tortured soul. It is a pleasure to watch him at work. <br /> <br /> It seems that every movie I've been watching lately contains Charlize Theron. I saw "The Legend of Bagger Vance", "Men of Honor" and "The Yards" in quick succession, and I began to wonder if she was involved in any movie in 2000 (in fact she made only five). This was a minor role for Theron, but she did well and managed to stay with DeNiro step by step. David Keith, who starred with Richard Gere in "Officer and a Gentleman," has a cameo here. The DVD has some interesting features, including reflections of the real Carl Brashear and some deleted scenes. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed this movie despite the choppy plot and one-dimensional presentation. I rated it 7/10. I'm a fan of underdog stories and have a taste for stories where character strength is the central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two memorable plays that offset some of the director's shortcomings.
