After watching two of his silent short films, "Elena and her Men (1956)" is my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir and I really liked it. However, I did not see the movie for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who? At the age of 41, it still exuded unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm. In the early fifties Bergman was temporarily out of favor after her scandalous marriage with the Italian Roberto Rossellini. Her next five films directed by her husband were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect Renoir's latest release had done little to increase Bergman's popularity among English-speaking viewers. However, she regained her previous success with an Oscar in the same position 'Anastasia (1956)' of the year}. She plays with Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere, before leaving them immediately. While she worked her lucky charms to support the political aspirations of the distinguished General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), she falls into a love she can not leave. This vaguely political film works well as a satire or as a romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too seriously. It's a carefree, romantic fluff. <br /> <br /> Filmed in the vibrant Technicolor, "Elena and her men" also look fantastic, a mix of bright colors, characters and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and on her own, not in an unusual way, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. She is persuaded by a team of limping government conspirators to persuade General Rollan to make a coup, to knowingly use his love for her to satisfy her own delusions as a "guardian angel." The only legitimate, virtuous character of the film is perhaps Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband of Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the selfish side effects of everyone else and pursues Elena out of love and love alone. This, Renoir says proudly, is what the true Frenchmen do best. "Elena and her men" also attempts, with moderate success, to expose the superficiality of French upper-class relations through Eugène's clumsy slander (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not love his servant without his fiancée upon her. With these sequences, Renoir obviously tried to find the crazy humor you could find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the movie itself is so laid back and relaxed that the energy just is not there.
