Since my third or fourth visit some time ago, I have renounced La Maman et la Putain while waiting for the DVD. In the meantime, I've read the French script and Alain Philippon's monograph on Jean Eustache. The latter ends with a frustrating filmography, eleven films, feature films, documentaries and in between, which are not to be seen or, in the case of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., can be seen again. <br /> <br /> A few questions that have struck me at this moment: The Polish French Véronika is abundantly colloquial (a maximum d '"a maximum d'"). Does she still have an accent? I think I can say it. What adds the absence of color, especially in the only place where the edge of the city is visible? How is this edge different from the sleep and the journey that separate the worlds of The Tempest and The Winter's Tale? Dito Alphaville. We can imagine that the past years have passed, but does Eustache deliberately surround the milieu of the film? Is this an enchanted island? Is Alexandre a fairy tale? Alexandre always choreographs himself, worried about how or where to stand or walk, what to say when, and announces these decisions to those who do not care less about what he's doing. Or is this his way of choreographing others by doing it to themselves? How does he differ from Vertigo's Scottie? (I say, I think a lot.) What is the difference, and is there a difference between Eustaches Léaud and Truffauts and Godards? How different is today's Léaud? Does not he still do it, whatever it is, in the final roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe or whatever, approaching age? Once I came early to a movie in a series of mainly Truffaut films by Antoine Doinel (Léaud's character). For a long time, every three or five minutes, a twenty-year-old man in a scarf, tweed cloak, Léaud hair, with a searching nose, came down the aisle. I have no idea if this was conscious or unconscious mimicry. I was at this age, but have no idea what I looked like then. At least no scarf. However, I have a brother who seems to have learned his carriage from Bresson.
