Firstly, I really enjoyed this movie and its message about living life to the fullest. Very poetic, with heartwarming and funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to watch them. Here are my "exceptions": The film was too long and at some point added more and more conflicts, so he started losing the main story. I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "weird" problems in such a small village. I think that was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas everywhere, we just do not know about people we only superficially meet. I did not like the end, which was so full of symbolism and extremely forced. It left a bad taste, as it was just too much. I did not like the fact that so many big issues in the group were mentioned dramatically (if some others accused them of all important things, people would rather be "ashamed" if they were to pronounce everything so personally in front of everybody, even though this would be the case these people are a group with whom you work closely together). And: defending oneself is a strong instinct of man. Why on earth would Daniel let himself be beaten and never fight back, not even to defend himself? I mean, he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself if he was attacked, but it only drove me crazy when he saw he was not doing anything. It was as though the storyteller had been trying to forcefully convey a message like "violence is not necessary", but the way he did it was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses credibility if it remains unaffected despite all attacks. And Gabriella ... why in the world would a woman who has been beaten up with a man for years go to that man when arrested and say, "I wish you no harm, you have just done your best. like all of us ". Oh really, that has spoiled so much! Was she a saint or something? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not so "holy" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and the music so great that she forgot all that happened to her? Oh please. So these were the pampering moments. Still, I still think that this is a wonderful movie that, given my discomfort with some things, is amazing enough. Take a look at it !! ;-) "
