Renowned international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) suffers a heart attack with his stressful working life and breaks his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, from where his mother, as a seven-year-old sensitive boy who was bullied by Conny and other schoolmates, has gone to lead a low-tempo life. He buys an old school and is invited by the local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk) to join the church choir, but the reluctant and timid Daniel rejects the principle. However, he is committed to community and is attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with the local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the choir members and influences their everyday life: The slow Gates (André Sjöberg) has the chance to take part in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), the wife of Stig, releases her repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) represents her abusive and violent husband; the gossipy and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart against Lena; the fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough against the jokes of the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); Even Daniel starts loving people and Lena as the love of his life. When they are invited to an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds out that his music opens the heart of the people who realize his dream. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Heaven" is a touching and sensitive film with a very beautiful story. It's amazing how director Kay Pollak and the writers were able to develop a large number of characters within 132 minutes. The performances are top-notch, supported by great pieces of music and at least two great moments: when Gabrielle sings her song in concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and all who take part in the tune, and Daniel Making His Dream come true. As in "Teorema", the stranger changes the life not only of a family but of a conservative community. Like many European films, the open conclusion shows that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, and found peace with the success of his music. My eyes got wet in these two scenes. My voice is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
