My expectations were pretty high for this movie. Everyone I know, who saw this movie in the cinema, told me everyone was in the credits because they were so touched. My expectations could not have been higher, anything but wonderful would have disappointed me. <br /> <br /> I was not at all disappointed with this movie. I loved dealing with difficult topics without going through the usual steps of a Hollywood movie. In this film, the characters have worked through the problems they have had for decades, they have been prejudiced and learned to open up. But it was not easy, and not just by singing one or two songs. It was painful, it needed the confrontation, the confrontations. It felt like in real life. <br /> <br /> One scene that really impressed me was the scene where Gabriella sings her song. Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is lovely, and you could say that during the shoot (which I often find in other films) she was not just dubbed with a previous recording soul. You could feel what Gabriella felt in this scene. If this movie had been filmed in Hollywood, his song would most likely have been sung towards the end, and it would have opened its eyes to her husband and seen the fallacy of his ways and made the other villagers recognize something or two. Instead, it came halfway and brought no solutions. Her husband was not overpowered and realized what he was doing, and it seemed no one else in the village was becoming more open-minded. It was beautiful, it was pure and it touched, but it did not magically solve all its problems. That really felt like that would probably have happened in real life. The whole movie felt like a real life to me, nothing packed neatly, but all with a sense of joy and happiness. You rarely find a movie that feels so realistic. <br /> <br /> There were a few things that bothered me, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you have not already done so, you should see "as it is in heaven" and be filled with a zest for life, a sense of hope, and the feeling that you have been touched on a level that rarely reaches movies. You will be sad, painful, happy and a dozen other emotions. Someone once said that if every person in the world sang in a choir, there would be no more wars. After seeing this movie, I may have to agree.
