Kay Pollak's Heartwarmers from 2004. As it is in heaven, it contains all the clichés of Swedish humanity and inhumanity, which nevertheless is a crowd pleaser. It contains plenty of ammunition for cynical critics, continuity-error seekers, and saccharine-debunkers, yet it manages to evocatively portray the colors of life in a small community. The film also offers a series of proverbial messages about finding your own voice and the ability to do it easily without fear, without removing the lump of cynics from your throats. Audience delight comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers who bring new life to rural Christian communities leave much room for hypocrisy and at the same time provide the opportunity for suppressed characters to break out of their hair. In the same year and with a similar Swedish breeze, the Pearls of the Queen of Sheba did so, and Babette's Feast came to mind as well. Second, any movie that involves small communities conquering the world will be human in our increasingly individualized / self-focused and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film with the likes of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day shows that he is committed to the formula. But it is a formula in which life is left, and this seems to be because people need positive message films that evoke a sense of community almost despite themselves. <br /> <br /> The stranger is burned out Maestro Daniel Daréus in search of rediscovery. The city he visits or rather visits is the place of his childhood without knowledge of the city dwellers. He was mercilessly bullied by classmates, allegedly because he was a sensitive musician who did not necessarily want to drive a truck. Here he takes over the position of a cantor / choirmaster despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. The place is, of course, populated by a variety of identifiable types whose character arches can be predicted: the broken, blond girl so beautiful it almost glows; the ringing businessman on the spot; the woman whose beauty is disregarded under domestic violence; the steel pastor and his less strict wife, who spring from Ingmar Bergman at first sight. Also present: jealous, squat spinner (Siv) (check); Geriatrics, whose soul still sings (check); older couple, who have brought the wishes for each other since the kindergarten (check); an obese person whose function is to point out that we should not laugh and say "greasy" (control); intellectually disabled boy who is able to sing a good "A" (check). But Pollak's film is not just a warm flair. It deviates from the sub-genus "Let's show a show despite setbacks and moral opposition". It contains violence and an end that may be a metaphor for dying after achieving a creative nirvana. The violence of the film is first and foremost a function of male anger and oppression, but he never deeply explores why the school-bully growing up into a female drummer is. Similarly, the small city pastor adheres so much to the moral, black-weighted, super-Protestant stereotype, so that his secret indulgence in girlie magazines is hardly surprising. His oppressions and hypocrisy are simply there and are not related to the psychological reality. Maybe the inexplicable photo of a little boy, a lost son who was once seen over his shoulder, keeps the secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are features of editing, as various inconsistencies and continuity disorders that may occur are discovered, such as Siv's inexplicable re-emergence in the chorus (twice) after moral eruptions. In fact, none of the problems in the movie lasts for a long time and everyone seems to be resolved within a scene. Apart from a few awkward love scenes, the 127 minutes of the film rarely attract, but there is a feeling that things have been left lying on the tailoring floor, the holes that can be picked up in it. This is simply because, in a world of technology-related movements and materialistic selfishness, every look on the human community is deeply welcome to everyone, even the cynical.
