This is a very addicting BBC TV miniseries loosely based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is more like a study of the different characters in the story, which lasts five hours. So it's an ensemble piece where the variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can prove their talents. The depicted characters are really "the kind of people you normally do not meet," people who are so boring and unimpressive that it's difficult to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no obvious interest in finding one. He lives from handouts from his in-laws. He used to be in the army, but he does not seem to have the slightest ambition or interest in life apart from his small family. He is played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant in the game and appears to be a totally likeable person, although his only activity for five hours is loving and grieving, which he does brilliantly, so that one would comfort him as he is so obvious a nice guy. The outstanding achievement of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who revolves around everyone else in the story. She is just incredible. She portrays a very unsympathetic woman, the only person in history who is all too familiar to her, an irrational, hysterical, self-centered, dense, dubious, blind-loving, blind-hating, elderly idiot. Unfortunately we know her too well. Wilton is one of Britain's best actresses (see my review in 'Half Broken Things'). She takes a figure that could have been two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. She is wonderfully supported by veteran pro Patrick Malahide, who plays her angry husband, and the two of them set a high standard for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she was younger, has become a much less sympathetic person who has grown older, in some ways coarsened and rejected, but she redeems herself in the final stages of the story by showing How Brilliant she is An actress she can be when she has one of the most convincing and original drunken scenes I've ever seen in the movie. The big surprise is the enigmatic figure Sarah, played by actress Sarah Smart with great depth and originality. She takes a character that could have been unbearably boring, and transforms it, through sheer-looking magic, into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person whom we tirelessly wonder at throughout the five hours. She's so good at it that we're wondering about Sarah Smart. I think that's what happens when you really do your job right, people wonder where the character ends and the actress starts when she knows herself, and many do not. She has some deeply troubling tricks with her eyes jiggling and letting us know she got out of hand, but we do not know how and why, though we eventually find out she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is surprisingly convincing as a seemingly hopeless guy who lives with his mother and does not have much plans, but who turns out to be hidden depths. (I think most people have hidden depths, but let's try them out, that's the question.) His mother is played very well by Margot Leicester. An outstanding performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a snotty, vile teenage girl, as we all fear, but who collapses in helpless tears at crucial moments and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance just a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's girlfriend and her younger half-brother and half-sister. The younger siblings are indeed very weak as characters in the story (they do not seem to be particularly articulate, hopeless witnesses of the disappearance), with little except for them, but their sweet natures, but this is conveyed by Lee wonderfully as Massey Boy and Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not see much of her, which is a pity, because she is such a beautiful actress that she was wasted here. You could go on, but somewhere you have to draw a line. The series is intrigued by the depth of the portrayal of all these essentially uninteresting people, who get into a web of intense anxiety and tension.
