Still the final program about World War II, The World At War, is not only long but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and covers the events that took place before or after the war. Most episodes are about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes contain information about the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic, and the home fronts of Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939) and tells of the rise of the National Socialists in Germany and the German territorial gains before the outbreak of war. The series ends with the episode Remember; the influence of war in a postwar world. Remember is a fitting episode to end this great program. Each episode begins with a short introduction and then the opening balance. The credits are accompanied by a powerful music theme. There are many suitable pieces of music in the entire series. Every episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic and so it was put together. In addition, part of the material is in color. The information included makes the episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to complete production. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed senior members of the Allied and Axis campaigns, including testimonies from civilians, men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase , Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Boy and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "The Making of the World at War" that he wanted to conduct an interview, not necessarily the surviving big names, but their helpers and assistants. The most difficult to locate and interview topic was, according to Isaacs, the adjutant of Heinrich Himmler, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted to witnessing a large-scale execution in Himmler's presence. The World War is often the final television history of World War II. Some consider it the most beautiful example of the documentation form. In a list of the UK's 100 largest television programs created by the British Film Institute in 2000 and voted by industry experts, The World at War ranks 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the show so much that I tried to see the rest of the episodes in succession. I have seen several times. There are two other large documentary series that I know to be of interest to the viewer. One is called The Great War (1964), which deals with the First World War. The other is called Cold War (1998), which apparently deals with the Cold War.
