The music and gloomy delivery by Laurence Olivier set the tone for this outstanding documentary. This is still a must for WWII connoisseurs, offspring of the participants in this conflict, politicians who think things always go their way when they extend their foreign policy over the deck of an aircraft carrier (have you heard that George Bush? ) And anyone else who is curious or wants to know what and how part of this conflict is. The 26 episodes are approximately in chronological order, but can be seen in order as they are more or less self-contained. There are inevitably new insights for the new viewer due to the sheer volume. The actual footage of the battles is interspersed with interviews of those involved in the stories. Many of the interviews were conducted with representatives of the second line, d. H. Support personnel for the main characters, individuals, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses and the like. You get a real taste of the war. <br /> <br /> I'm watching the DVD version of the original TV documentary. I recommend that about the worn, overdrawn, overpriced VHS offers on eBay. I paid 120 cdn for five two-sided DVD discs. This new version includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow. You can first choose which episode you want to see, and then choose whether to select different chapters in the episode or play the entire episode. It is understandable that with such a comprehensive presentation, there is a little more navigation in the menu, but the effect of what you will see will not diminish after 30 years, even 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br I remember seeing the first show on Buffalo PBS Station just before she moved from London in 1975, wishing I had a copy then. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> See this documentation. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges that have come from those of America, Russia, Britain, Canada, and all the other nations and peoples involved in the ultimate victory. What an eye-opener.
