This interesting feature has a very nice story, more colorful characters and a very quiet pace. it also contains a plot of "Reap the Wild Wind," and since Cecil B. Deille and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn have directed this film out of its preparatory stages, it can not be a coincidence. It works in both cases, I have to report. The unusual arrangement tells the viewer that Barataria, an island dominated by Jean Lafitte, was built on piracy, but during the war of 1812 and before that, he has always refrained from disturbing the ships of the United States. Now General Andrew Jackson has been charged with defending 60,000 British Imperial Redcoats and 60 ships near New Orleans with only 12,000 men. The men of Lafitte want him to join the stronger force. He wants freedom and forgiveness for his men before he gives the US forces such a strategic landing site. There are other factors that work in the plot. The pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack American ships and do so despite the orders of Lafitte. They let a boy live without knowing that they missed an eyewitness. When his statement finally comes out, Jackson can not give what Lafitte asks. but Lafitte still supports him, and in the fog the pirates and Jackson pull the British away, and he sails away to the fate that awaits a man who has genius and statesmanship but no luck. The cast of this colorful and physically engaging movie is indeed skillful. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as a pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; As the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his counselor. The mighty Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall the governor and Claire Bloom is charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Other cast members included Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. The music of Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 screenplay here just had to be refreshed. The brilliant cinematographs are by veteran Loyal Griggs, and the set decorations were provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, the set decorations by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore the difficult make-up. The movie contains pretty good adventure-level dialogues and a very powerful fight scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, was prepared to assume the role of an older general, and then discovered that the man was young at the time of the battle. but he is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially in his exchange with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-established conversation that looks exactly as if C. B. DeMille had completed his production; it's a beautiful and almost a very fine movie.
