If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly fulfilled. "Nancy Drew" acts both as a mystery and as a comedy. It pays homage to the books on which it was founded and fakes it at the same time. The film begins with a close-up on a bookshelf and an animated credit sequence that resembles illustrations from the books. It then starts immediately to decorate the books. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that a teen who routinely crimes in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not treat the idea religiously. He makes fun of Nancy Drew's ability to do anything. For example, to defeat every class in the classroom, to know which pastry is perfect to convert any enemy to their side, to build a bird house with twelve flying buttresses, and even an emergency tracheotomy at a party. Nancy would always be in perfect style if she lived in the healthy fifties instead of today's uA. And she wears a "sleep kit" with fingerprint dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Of course, absurd, but I seem to recall that the access of the Hardy Boys to CSI devices at a certain time was also a bit too comfortable. And if the cheeky pipsqueak private eye is a bit younger than her literary counterpart, then that's just a comedic exaggeration of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the movie is being treated more seriously. Nancy and her solicitor move from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy gets caught up in a cold case of murdering a Hollywood movie star who lived decades ago in her new home. Nancy looks for clues in a very practical way, such as surfing on sites like Google and showing old videos of the victim's films. If she does something more than usual, one must admire the ingenuity of the girl. Emma Roberts, an undeniably cute kid, plays the amateur slut in pint-sized gorgeous. She makes that perfect girl totally adorable, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the father of the too perfect girl Carson Drew. He is an ideal father figure, without being unrealistically perfect, and he shows concern for his daughter when she is in danger. Less sympathetic is Max Thierot's attitude towards Ned Nickerson, Nancy's friend. I preferred George O'Hanlon Jr.'s appearance in the television series of the 70s to Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a sly, awkward boy with a little love in Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old Nancy in love with Nancy, is far less annoying than Ned by Max Thierot. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker appear to be suitably cast as Nancy's friends Bess and George, but make only short cameos at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis all surprise guest appearances, proving that you can never guess which movie Bruce Willis is next in will emerge. <br /> <br /> The movie can not reach potential. It is said early on that Drew's new home has a lot to do with booby traps, but Nancy and her dad are done with stumbling over booby traps a few minutes later. Nancy describes the cold case she wants to investigate as a murder that took place at an extravagant party, which should result in many potential killers, but she only meets a handful of suspects. And while there are moments of tension in Nancy's adventures, the solution comes out of nowhere, and in the end, all possible plot threads are too cheap, and who-who-do-it-it. Ralph Sall's score adds to the movie's suspense, but the contemporary teenybopper songs incorporated into the soundtrack are lame. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed this movie, and although the film is mainly aimed at girls, people of all ages and sexes can enjoy it.
