"La Maman et la Putain" is the most beautiful movie of all time. What moves the most is the relationship between reality and art that is the subject of the film, which is directly inspired by Proust's "A la Recherche du temps perdu". In fact, "La Maman et la Putain" and "In Search of Lost Time" evidently tell the same story: that of the failure of love that repeats itself endlessly, the name of the first woman is always Gilberte, and the second woman works Like a twisted and deformed double by Gilberte: Veronika is like a "whore Gilberte", beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as the day." After the failure of the first love begins a second love, but this is like Veronika takes Gilberte in Alexandre's life and in the film, darkening gradually, and Gilberte still comes in, as Alexandre waits for Veronica, then completely, showing that it is the same sad one History, which repeats itself, the same "unfaithful wife," as Alexandre says, which seems endless - and unfaithful to Proust is the higher point in love, which makes him exist, but also underlines his illusions /> <br /> It is art that effects the transition between what is outside - the illusion of love - to the inner, what the truth is, and the learning of that truth. For example, when Veronika notes how strangely Alexandre makes the bed, he replies that he saw it in a movie, and then that a movie is "made to learn how to live, how to make a bed." Alexander wants to live like in a movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This art concept comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in the art. "La Maman et la Putain" fights against a "predominantly political" view of art - see, for example, the ironic review of a political film by Alexandre. As Proust says, "Art is not interested in all these proclamations and exists only in silence." Art is first and foremost self-observation. And that is also why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality into existence. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie." That's why "La Maman et la Putain" does not hide its artificiality, but emphasizes how the actors "say" their lyrics: "The more artificially you look, the higher," said Eustache. <br /> <br Eustache and Proust both share the idea that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth. But Alexandre failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la Putain" tells us that a character is not what he really is. You can feel the tragedy as you move on to the movie that is the saddest. You can see it in front of Alexandre, who looks more and more like a living dead man. You can tell by the fact that the scenes are getting longer and nothing happens outside after a while. If at the end of the film you see Alexandre writing and ask Veronika if he's writing his life, you can assume that's not the case, that even literature has failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who is shattered by the gravity of reality. And in this tiny nurse's room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac reader. In "Forme et signification" Jean Rousset explains that the readers of Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, can not have artistic work in Proust because they are in reality what they confuse with art. They see the reality in art and "are unaware of the transformations between the life of an artist and his work, between reality and art". And that's exactly Alexandre. He claims, for example, that he "loves a woman for parallel reasons, for example, because she played in a Bresson". He's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my vocation". This idea comes from Eustache, who committed suicide, even though it is said by Alexandre. Nevertheless, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: If Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, a terrible vision of the artist who crystallizes his fears Alexandre is condemned to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the last pictures in the film, both in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud and in the endless pucking of Veronika. Or maybe it's the hell that describes the end, as in Sartes "Huit-Clot" - and absolutely not like in the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre would never have been able to finish the book, always disturbed by life and by Veronica, when he tries to read it in his apartment or in the cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like an inverted double from "In Search of Lost Time," which says that Alexander does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" says how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette) <br /> <br /> If an artist tells, as Baudelaire says, "reality in the light of his dream", then it is his nightmare that Eustache tells in "La Maman et la Putain".
