Jean Eustache wrote The Mother and the Whore as a poetic, damning criticism of those who seemingly can not, a coup against the sexual "revolution" (I purposefully use this word for) enough love. If there is a message to this film - and I hope the news comes after that, what else does this Ben Hur long game offer - to be honest, there has to be some luck, real truth. Can you have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really get what they really want, or feel they can even express what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relationship that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is a twenty-year-old pseudo-intellectual who does not seem to have a job, and he lives from a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont), who is a bit older than him and is usually, if not always, his lover, his last possible love - Life has left him, and immediately he takes a woman on the way, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), which may remind him of her. What unfolds soon is the subtlest love triangle ever seen in the film, where the psychological threads are drawn with the most cruel words and the least gestures. At first we think it might all be about what's going to happen to Alexandre, but we're wrong. Women are so essential to this issue of love and sex that they need to be around, constantly chatting to sink something. <br /> <br /> We are told this part of the sexual revolution theory, although not quite in practice (maybe I was not there, I did not say that I was not alive at this time to get it out first hand) was that freedom led to a lack of inhibitions. But if Eustache is not just a message, it's virtually impossible to have both: you can not let people love you and expect the ultimate comradeship that comes with "shit" to be satisfied. Signs relate over and over again. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the mother and the whore in relation to the subject express this fear under the promiscuity, the lack of monogamy, and at the same time stimulate the intellect in the most talkative conversation that you have ever seen in a movie to have . At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre, who probably loves to hear herself talk, whether it's a movie he's seen or something bad from his past. Eustache makes it so that the film itself is not presumptuous - though it may seem like that But it's about presumptuousness, what lies beneath those who cover up their inner deficiencies, and what they need when they are alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought movies like Before Sunrise / Sunset were chatty relationship strips, you did not. But since Eustache indulges in the dialogues, these characters sometimes have trivial or 'deep' or sexual or open or sometimes extreme (or subdued) emotional, it's never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough of a good movie, that's extraordinary. While his style does not call for the boldness his predecessors felt in the Nouvelle Vague a dozen years before, Eustache's new wave is the touch of the characters who then fall back on them. <br /> <br /> This is realism with a bit of attitude, with temporary things and sarcastic, raw and without shame. All three actors are so attached to their characters that we can never perceive them as "faking" an emotion, or even go into melodrama. In terms of naturalism / realism it is almost too good, but for Eustache's material there is no other way. Fortunately, Leaud delivers the culmination of his career, and both ladies, especially Labrun as "whore" Veronika (an assertion that refutes her in an unbroken setting with the climax of the film). As another touch, the director occasionally plunges into a quiet moment of reflection, a person sitting alone listening to a record and in contemplation or quiet agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who has dedicated his film Broken Flowers Eustache and has, above all, a scene that has been completely (and lovingly) raised in the approach to the deceased Parisian. Sad to say Before I saw Broken Flowers, I have never heard of Eustache or this movie. The acquisition of this film has become a major challenge (not available on US DVD and on VHS so rare that it took several months to search in different libraries). No minute of that time was wasted; The mother and the whore is a really beautiful work, one of the best French relationship dramas, perhaps even one of the most astonishingly clearest I've ever seen in the whole country. It's complex, it's cute, it's cold, it's absorbed and it's very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfying on a level that I would compare to scenes from a marriage; Thirty-five years after the release of each film, there are still real revelations about the human condition.
