Unfortunately Jean Eustache (1938-1981), like so many leading French filmmakers, is one of the great unknowns whose films are hard to find and will not be released on international DVDs. Since we have a good old-fashioned video library in Tucson, I had the chance to see this 3 1/2 hour marathon masterpiece, which is ten seconds boring. <br /> <br /> As we speak here of one of the most discussed (and controversially discussed) films of all time, let me give my impression that the endless dialogues, originally for the early "Nouvelle vague" of a Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais were typical, appear almost ridiculous in this film. The dialogues are essentially monologues, mainly the longest spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of the speeches of two persons are almost zero. Léaud or his character Alexandre likes to tell more about himself than about the topics he seems to be talking about. Therefore, one can hardly speak of communication in this film. It is quite possible that the director had a gigantic satire before the once so hotly debated political and sociological ideas, but the type Alexandre exists at all times, we already find him in Petron's "Satiricon" The work is indeed very similar to " The mother and the whore ". Not only does Alexandre have nothing, he has also developed his own metaphysics about the absence of actors, at least in the sense of responsibility to the society of which he is a part. He sneers at the people who walk to work at 7am when he's busy drinking his last drink before going into the apartment of one of his girlfriends whose money he lives on. He can not speak a sentence without quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Above all, Sartre, who can be seen quickly in the French intellectual café "Aux Deux Magots", in which Alexandre sits all day, must serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexandre and his colleagues, as she suffers from existential crisis under bourgeois nausea. However, Alexandre's intellectual speeches seem to be more pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences and jokes he cites seem to come from a citation dictionary rather than his actual reading of the books. True, this film requires extremely broad European knowledge, especially the identifier of the French existential philosophy and the consequent consequences for the student revolution. However, if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life, marveling at television and laughing with laughter as you probably have not done in a long time.
