Jake Speed ​​is a movie that lacks a thing? a charismatic leadership. Unfortunately, that's something that really puzzles the entire movie, and that's a shame, because it's basically an entertaining action movie with a witty script and an interesting, albeit derived, premise. Although his genesis is likely due to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? The movie is more like "Romancing the Stone", but vice versa. It is not the author of a romantic adventure fiction that is led by a character on an adventure, much like one of her creations. It's an adventure fiction character (who happens to record his own adventures), who leads an ordinary woman on one of his adventures /> <br /> When a young woman disappears into Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the appealing Karin Kopins) with Pulse hero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his buddy Dennis (Dennis Christopher) Be real and very flawed individuals in an adventure that takes them to the heart of a civil war that has ripped the African state, and finally near two brothers, the deliciously evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculously stored sibling Maurice (Roy London). That's the story? It's not a labyrinth and not complicated, but the story it tells does not require much depth. <br /> <br /> The action sequences are appealing, and it's certainly true that the heroic trio are being put through their paces (whether caught in government-rebels battles or fallen into a pit full of lions) and there are certainly some weird lines. The movie, however, seems to come to an end, and the action sequences, which are quite appealing in the beginning, go nowhere and eventually become a little bland and annoying. However, this may not have been such a problem if it was possible to like Jake Speed, but with Wayne Crawford's performance, it really becomes harder to really care what happens. Now I do not know if he stretched a bit thin, since he was also the producer and author of the movie or if he's just not a good actor (since I've hardly ever seen him), but he never really convinces as a mischievous mix Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> That's a shame because most other characters play their roles well? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and her character shares some nice banter with Jake (unfortunately she never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect as an archetypal buddy and John Hurt plays the role with Camp Relish? almost as if he were in a sixties episode of Batman. He talks about his few scenes, growling in a ridiculous cockney accent, delivering a performance that's almost in another movie. Sid is not a Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's nemesis from a number of his previous adventures / books), but it's always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries the same fun spirit as B 'Night of the Comet' (a movie produced a few years earlier by Crawford) and almost succeeds but misses? That's a shame, because Jake would have been in a few more adventures to see well and may have been better served by a television series. <br /> <br /> I would recommend this out of curiosity, but ultimately it stays bitter taste because most elements were there to do something really good.
