Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth. Arms and the Man proves that this idea is wrong. Shaw's play is full of comedic drama and combines a fun action with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique, romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in a war. Her fiancé and her father are both officers. She is shocked, one night from the arrival of an enemy soldier. She rescues him, knowing that she must keep the incident a secret from her family and that the soldier finally leaves. When the war is over, the soldier, of course, comes back and forces each of the main characters to reevaluate their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It's pretty interesting how Shaw overlays the meaning within the more comedic comedy storyline. Shaw manages to comment on class constructs, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does so with the Wizian joke and a satisfying act. There's so much to think about here that I think you can miss a lot in one look. Arms and the Man is an excellent comedic theater and definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is both an amusing and thought provoking film that still retains its relevance for the first time. Century after it was first conceived. Shaw mocks the popular theories of war and love and combines a military satire with a mockery of love and family structure. The play has sparkling wit, lively humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschli's testimony to Serguis: "I'm a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I'm very happy to get out of it when I do not have to, you're just an amateur you think, fighting is a merriment ". In fact, Bluntschli, the son of a Swiss hotelier, had no reason to be involved in a war, and in this absurdity Shaw questions the patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and military on both sides of the struggle, showing in the end that the emotions in both camps are not so different. The dialogue and sarcasm of the common notions of Life is associated with a gentle assurance of the movement of history toward a fairytale ending. The end, when all the characters are made happy and lovers change and show love relocations, underscores the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that maintains its image of universal appeal and is still appropriate today when the terms war and patriotism, as well as love and marriage, have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and the Man" should retain its relevance as long as there is love and war.
