Ironically, for a play that has not been seen on film or video for so long, ARMS AND THE MAN has remained fairly consistent on stage since its debut in 1894 over the years - not least because it has aged as a solid satire of nature Heroism and the war. Whenever the world struggles, ARMS AND THE MAN seems to be getting more up to date and relevant. <br /> <br /> This is the piece that transformed Oscar Strauss (excluding Shaw's best ideas) into a successful operetta THE CHOCOLATE SOLDIER (when Hollywood came out, they left the last traces of Shaw, instead) to pay him for the rights - he was already an Oscar winner at that point). While the best of Shaw has always been his ideas and dialogue, not his naked actions, ARMS AND THE MAN also shines the plot and Master creates a happy ending for everyone involved. The young Raina (Helena Bonham Carter), daughter of an officer and the richest man in her city, is engaged to a brisk officer in the Bulgarian cavalry and everything seems to be good until a dejected Swiss mercenary (Pip Torrens.)) From the On the other hand, she climbs on the run from the battle in which his army was transferred. As usual in a Shaw satire, nothing is as it first appears, and social conventions are easier in the light - and not so easy reasons - upside down. There are no "good guys" or "bad guys", just people from different classes who go out of their best minds - just as life is just better - and of course, at Shaw, the joke is honed by everyone involved. <br /> <br /> The early (1932) movie version (from Shaw's own screenplay) of Shaw's most traditional and traditionally humorous stage satire, and one of the first to make a real hit on this side of the Atlantic. has been among the missing for a long time. Shaw did not sell the screen rights to his plays - they were only licensed for 5 years, and it seemed that the rapidly developing sound technology 1932 movies looked primitive just a few years later, and Shaw did not renew the license to show it , Consequently, we are immensely in debt to the BBC when it released its 1987 broadcast version in a DVD box along with nine other sparkling games. (Somewhat sad, PYGMALION, many of whom are considered to be Shaw's best, is least likely to miss this set in a production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) <br /> <br /> Even paired, as on his DVD, with The less impressive act A MAN OF DESTINY, ARMS AND THE MAN is a real treasure. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter continued to make a major film career after shooting on television that will bring many viewers to this early role. You should not be disappointed, as Ms. Carter gives a performance in tune with the layered innocence that awaits her audiences, but under James Cellan Jones' slightly pedestrian guidance (and despite the equally handsome and well-watched physical production of the BBC). The mischievous fire of the role (and her outrage at being underestimated in the last act) is only about 80% of her potential. <br /> <br /> The same applies to the real star of the piece Pip Torrens as Bluntschli, the "Switzer". It's a nice, engaging performance, but not for the physical comedy implied in the early scene, in which the young soldier, despite his deadly danger, can barely stay awake. Despite these reservations, this is a solid production of a wonderful piece that has been brilliantly transferred to the small screen. It deserves to be seen widely and, ideally, trigger an even more animated big-screen remake of the style and excitement of the recent remake of Wild's AN IDEAL HUSBAND. Virtually * all * weapons and the man is to groom and with luck we may even see the original version of 1932. 'Except for one surface or another, this production will please anyone who loves good Shaw.
