Doyle had never wanted to revive Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in THE ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEMS. Financial considerations, however, led him (1901) to write THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES, which is still considered his best Holmes novel and possibly his best novel. But it was a "memoir" of the great detective who was written before his death. Only a greater outcry from his public led Doyle to fully revive Holmes in THE ADVENTURE OF THE VILLAGE published in 1905. <br /> <br /> It's not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. Maybe three of the stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very readable. Some of the later ones (like THE ADVENTURE OF THE SOLID CYCLIST) are really good. The unevenness of production (especially after the stories in HIS LAST BOW (1917)) is becoming more and more obvious. He repeats past storylines and shows really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story THE ADVENTURE OF THE THREE GABLES, Holmes shows a mocking sarcasm on a character of African descent. <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMES UP: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON'S ADVENTURE is about Holmes trying to retrieve compromising letters from Milverton, a hugely successful extortionist. It's an interesting example of how Doyle could make a legible story with a minimum of action as there is little real detective work in the story. Holmes is hired to negotiate with Milverton about buying the letters, but to bring them back, no matter what! Not only is Milverton unwilling to consider a lesser amount for the papers, but he also wants to protect himself from Holmes, who is trying to search his person. Later, we learn that Holmes came to Milverton's household by dancing a girl during his disguise. In the end, Holmes goes with Watson to break Milverton's house. He and Watson are in the house when they realize that Milverton is waiting for a new deal in his study (someone with information that Milverton can use). Gently hidden, Holmes and Watson watch as a woman comes in, exposing herself to being victims of collateral damage from Milverton's past activities and shooting the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson can set Milverton's collection of compromising documents on fire before fleeing the house and then discover (for themselves) the woman's identity. The police (under Lestrade) do not discover who the two mysterious men seen from Milverton's house are, and they are so disgusted by Milverton's activities (they could never bring anything home against him) that it is obvious that The murder never happened will be solved. <br /> <br /> The story is not one of those intriguing stories involving real detective work like THE ADVENTURE OF THE TRAPPED BAND or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of humor and late action - will Holmes and Watson get the papers, or will they get caught by Milverton? It's not one of the best stories, but it's really well told and interesting in the mass of stories. <br /> <br /> At the time he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had some experience with the police regarding his sometimes highly regarded amateur detective / crusader activity. An artist was found murdered in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began to write his opinion on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard that the murder was not banned. The victim had been a homosexual, and the police were certain that a lover's spit went terribly wrong. For the victim's family (this was 1905), Doyle dropped his interest in the case. So he was aware that the British police were sometimes cautious in matters that did not seem to justify their full investigation - like Lestrade's reluctance to kill the evil Milverton in the story. The story would have been in the normal, hour-long Version of the series can be told. But the television play for THE MASTER BLACKMAILER showed some time to show the terrible dilemma faced by Milverton's victim (Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young army aristocratic officer getting himself killed when faced with Milverton's extravagant homosexual demands, all at the beginning of the televised game. And it's not just homosexuals. Men and women who have a good reputation in heterosexual marriages could be smeared by exposing illegitimate children or past indiscrete relationships. In the story, the woman who kills Milverton avenges the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) who was destroyed by the blackmailer. <br /> <br /> Milverton is played by his fine actor Robert Hardy, who, even with unexpected furies he has unleashed, is completely unmoved by his most venomous slowness (he looks like he just showed the angry woman) out of his house in a moment). Brett and Hardwicke are pretty good in their Holmes and Watson roles, as you'd expect. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of character due to rumors or allusions in 1905? In 1898, Sir Hector MacDonald was one of the heroes of the various imperialist wars and the leader of the last victorious indictment at the Battle of Omdurman, which destroyed the Mahdist army (see FOUR FEATHERS). He was governor of Ceylon in 1903, when he unexpectedly resigned. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in a hotel while waiting for a hearing. It later turned out that "Fighting Mac", often considered Britain's most popular army commander, had been caught sleeping with local boys. Milverton would have eaten it very quickly ... or his real-life counterparts would have.
