Just as Frank Miller and his Sin City comics used black and white to express themselves (and the influences of film noir), so does Christian Volckman with Renaissance. In the tradition of science fiction, the future is a shining, sparkling jewel with multiple cracks. This is a jewel in an environment of misery, injustice and darkness; bright and beautiful above with a dark lower abdomen underneath. One of those "smart" people at the top, a researcher from a very large and influential global company (Avalon), is kidnapped. The well-known and efficient Captain Karas (spoken by the new James Bond himself - Daniel Craig) is given the task of finding her. <br /> <br /> The plot and the layout are not very original. It is heavily influenced by Film Noir, Gibson's Neuromancer and other crime stories, as well as films such as Blade Runner, Sin City, Fritz Lang's Metropolis and Minority Report. There is the main property surrounded by other possible subterranean lands, all of which are connected at the end. It is not difficult to find out everything. <br /> <br /> The strength and originality of the film lies in its intense visual presentation. Paris is a complex series of levels and sublevels. At its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure. As the city rises, so does its architectural complexity and luminosity. In this structure, however, the apex is not synonymous with the collection of human ideals and behaviors. Paris was elaborately animated and held in brilliant black and white. The film is closer to Sin City (the comics) than the film Sin City with its source material. This is even easier because it is still in relatively the same medium. Animation. As a scanner Dark has penetrated the visual aspects of storytelling, so too. The light and dark black and white creates an atmosphere of contrasts as well as visual ambiguity. Right and wrong, black and white can lose all meanings at the same time if they are right in front of us. The film proves how black and white can be ambiguous and obvious at the same time. <br /> <br /> According to the spirit of the film, I can be both a critic and a fan. I can love and loathe in the same light. It is definitely an experience that I recommend for art lovers. So pour another Black and Tan, enter the void and enjoy the ride.
