"Renaissance (2006)" was established over a period of six years and financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of around 14 million euros. The end result is an amazing comic-style animation achievement that is aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with Sin City (2005). In this film, motion capture with live actors were used to translate their faces and movements into a fully animated format. The film is held in strong black and white, and looks as if it were pulled up from the pages of the graphic novel on which he founded himself, and the futuristic city of Paris rises threateningly above us. Directed by French filmmaker Christian Volckman, "Renaissance" in its feature film debut has a significant impact on other films in the science fiction genre, and the tech noir plot is not something we've never seen before. Technically, it's perfect. <br /> <br /> It is the year 2054. The city of Paris is a crumbling metropolis full of dark alleys and deserted sidewalks. The recent installation of modern technology provides only a thin mask for the annoying degradation of darkened buildings. The city's largest company, Avalon, has gained wealth by offering its citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly striving to find new ways to eradicate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (spoken by Romola Garai in the English version I've been looking at), a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously kidnapped on her return from work, and so it's up to legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) to reveal their current whereabouts. The key to the disappearance of the woman may be to hand: Bislane (Catherine McCormack), whose credibility is questioned Ilona hardened older sister, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the dedicated doctor who Ilona as his own daughter adored < The eerie, dimly lit city of Paris is reminiscent of Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner (1982)", and some of the technologies appear to have been borrowed from Tom Cruise in "Minority Report (2002)." {which coincidentally happened in 2054}. Despite this familiarity, Volckman has created an exciting world where his characters can live. The result is a combination of classic film noir and science fiction, which is a striking collage of glaring light and dark shadows, which, I warn you, is sometimes difficult for the viewer. Dialogue is a bit trivial at times, and history, though engaging, offers nothing strikingly original (beyond the end that I thought was a daring turn of the usual formula), but 'Renaissance' is said to work best visual enjoyment, and that this succeeds in this regard, can not be denied.
