The opening sequence is a dark-skinned man who has a strange, all-too-real nightmare. Shortly before the dystopian Paris of 2054, the film follows a woman in a club, where she and a Slavic bartender meet outside on the deck. They throw out exclamations so that she owes him more money, although she believes she has paid everything. Another woman is hampering the budding violence just to wage a bitter fight with the woman herself. The original woman storms out and is kidnapped. Christian Volckman's renaissance seems to be another in a raft of up-to-date sci-fi noir images animated with motion-capture animations, but while this is essentially true, it tells a neatly arranged, classically enigmatic detective story that holds us In the dark in the first few minutes, even as Karas, the hardened cop, is introduced, whom we recognize from the beginning as the man awaking from a terrible dream without anachronistic changes for all purposes and purposes. In the harshness of his monochrome, the French thriller of Volckman has followed no example. For the animators of the film, who were able to fully penetrate the challenges of the physical lighting that normally would be required, it was possible to start with a completely black frame and attach the pitch-black to the screen according to the action. Because they conscientiously mimic the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the distinction between black and white without the slightest shades of gray is less pronounced with the less clear moral codes of the characters, and the result is a sharp and judgmental vision of the direction in which the commercial civilization that has been sporadically induced to experience the sharpest and most reckless enlightenment. It is the artistic study of Film Noir that has been put to its visual limit of its philosophy, and nothing before has ever shared the same execution of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this decent cyberpunk film seem to be like this. If you were just going out of a gothic comic book with black ink, but all together, you can see their physical reactions, their movements, and the nuances of their facial expressions clear humanity ashore. Normally, films that try out new animation developments allow their technical progress to take precedence over all other facets of production. Sin City, for example, left much to be desired in terms of substance and overall good screen adaptation from its source material. <br /> <br /> It can not be mind-boggling, it can have its narrative conventions and its voice-over-cast just be appropriate, but Renaissance, which has been made for $ 19 million over six years, not only feels Like a real Noir instead of a rash appropriation, it is also not secondary to all visual innovations that are played as random. You do not have to think so much about how cool it is to dodge Kara's bullets out of a Parisian Parisian lane, but more about how hard life and death are, how the tragedies of life, like death, make life meaningful ,
