In 2054, Paris, a computer-generated system, Avalon controls the city, and when a young woman is kidnapped, Detective Karas (Craig) has to go after Avalon to find her. Renaissance is a wonderful mix of film mixed with a conceptual futuristic narrative that illuminates the screen in a shocking mansion with a noir ideology and conceptual montages that will delight many. Pixar are the animation masters. Her numerous Oscar-winning films are endless, from the enchanting Toy Story to the mysterious Wall-E, and every company or director has a real challenge to off-the-peg her. Renaissance, however, is not a film aimed at the young audience, and like Persepolis from 2007, the animation genre offers a strong and mature approach to creating an older and more sophisticated movie for the targeted older generation. <br /> <br /> In 2005, Robert Rodriguez released a shockingly brilliant Noir program called Sin City, which churned out all of Green Screen's use of an outstanding balance between black and white movies and the peculiar splashes of color. A year later, Christian Volckman adopted a similar approach to this equally visually masterful stroke of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> But Volckman's picture is a full animation, but for the majority of his strong 1 hour and 40 minutes running time, it does not look half-realistic. The faces of the characters are well represented, and especially this movie must be the best ever used for shadows. The fact that we never know if it's day or night is irrelevant if you just look at the stony faces while the shadows mingle over their facial expressions. It is almost a clever use of pathetic error, and it is also finely judged. For anyone who has seen Persepolis, you will find that it is one of the best directed animations ever shown for the simple. However, the conceptual artistic style of Marjane Satrapi is synonymous with the term Renaissance and in many cases becomes synonymous Compete with a stronger graphics and a darker tone to reflect the mood. Especially in a scene in which Karas appears out of the darkness, is beautifully shot. <br /> <br /> The story is about a stubborn and curious political government that keeps an eye on every citizen. The running of Paris is due to the mysterious Avalon, whom we do not see nearly enough to recognize the essence of his true dominance. Renaissance directs the narrative about the attempts of a tired policeman to rescue the mysterious woman, and then we see Craig's tired and boring police officer trying to save in battle with other elements. There are many things wrong with the script, not to mention the tired, angry policewoman routine that is old now, but there's a lot of fast-paced adrenaline and jumping skirmishes between the characters to keep it alive, until a wonderfully shot, shocking couple emerges in the last few steps.
