Every second of the movie is beautiful. And so it deserves a 7, because the plot is not particularly outlandish. When I think back the last 90 minutes, I've never really felt a commotion or investment in the characters. The luxurious graphics and frames have meant that certain scenes (such as the chase) are more pedestrian than they should be - not that they do not look pretty and have some original design and occasionally novel camera angles - but they do missing the kinetic movements and close-ups that are part of the language for every normal action / thriller. The first hour goes by, and the dialogue feels very edited and somewhat gradual - people are waiting for them to finish each other out and not always responding in a natural cadence, which would be a problem if each person's dialogue was recorded separately becomes. In rare cases, the emotions in the voices do not quite match those on the screen. something that should have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / umbrellas, lovely smoke / mirage / special effects) and good looking cars, but it's more of an exercise in graphic design that does not really affect the story. I would argue that the purpose of using drawn animations (rather than actors / CGI) is to push the boundaries of imagination and design. do what is too difficult / impractical in other media. Although the animation in Renaissance is certainly breathtaking and incredibly well executed, I never felt like seeing anything that had never been done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI movie, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over story and pace. To be fair, some wonderful and engaging French films also have a slow pace, and the pawing in the eyes of a human or the rain on Paris cobblestones can arouse great emotions. However, animators need to understand that animations bring with them unique strengths and weaknesses compared to real technology. Maybe it would violate the "noir" rules that the movie wants to stick to, but I think the filmmakers missed out on the impressive opportunity to explore their future society a little more - the social strata, the fascist grip of the Corporations etc <br/> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anyone who loves stylistic design and / or animation (especially "manga" fans), but I would not force my other movie-loving friends to do so. Take away the lush visuals and it's a barely average movie.
