Imagine the classic noir storylines steeped in hyper-stylized black and white images of Frank Miller's Sin City. Then imagine a dystopian science fiction thriller, such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. A merger of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the visionary French director Christian Volckman in his feature film debut. Although Volckman's work is undoubtedly based on the above-mentioned and similar films, such a simple hybrid does not make a renaissance, Volckman's end result, justice - the film itself is a much more complex work than this. <BR /> <br /> Genre hybridity usually a hit-and-miss affair, especially in a contemporary context where the well of individuality seems increasingly exhausted. As such, renaissance is at least praiseworthy as a cinematic experiment, with its unique penetration of the pithy nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical horror of the dystopian science-fiction drama that serves to supplement the storytelling of the other conventions strange way. The script is a clever and intriguing screenplay (though one has the impression that many of the lines of the script in their original French would have been much more effective than the English translation - the title of the film also becomes much more compelling) and manages to get one stay one step ahead of the entire audience. While many elements of the storyline will be familiar to those who frequent such sci-fi thrillers, the script throws in unexpected twists and turns just at the right moment to keep the viewer on their toes and do a truly compelling work. <Br /> <br /> Volckman's film is characterized by its visual component, and the stunning black and white animation is undoubtedly the highlight of the film. Outstandingly atmospheric and stylish, it shows the enormous aesthetic effect the simple use of two shades can have. With tremendous attention paid to the composition and look of each shot, and the use of noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears straight out of a Frank Miller comic, but with a twist, the end result is consistently lush. <br /> <br /> The English interpretation of the film is also enhanced by the very appropriate voice casting. The rough voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect casting for the grim, stoic policeman Karas. Catherine McCormack has a strong presence as a mysterious woman whose disappearance her sister examines. Despite a wavering English accent, Romola Garai is doing a great job as a desperate sister, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatening as a dodgy head of the ominous mega-corporation Avalon. Ian Holms reedy voice is also a good choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes an impressive impression in his short scenes. <br/> <br /> Overall, Renaissance provides a visually stunning, unique and captivating futuristic thriller as intelligent as it is entertaining. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who prefer such a fare, and the occasionally faint line could keep the movie from being the atmospheric masterpiece he had come up with, the great animation itself easily wears the movie through its occasional misgivings. For fans of one of the interwoven genres of the film or the tricky graphic novels of Frank Miller, or for those who appreciate a more sophisticated, slightly less conventional version of the futuristic thriller, the movie is undoubtedly worth a watch. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
