One of the reasons why Pixar has done so well and been so successful is that her films are technical marvels and visual mosaics, but a story that fits her style. And often very moving: influencing, charming and intergenerational. I think (and I might be wrong) that a lot of anime (in broad terms) and many other animations that do not reconcile their technical virtuosity with the actual substance are partly because either the creators are not Focus on character and plot Focusing too much on sound and image, or the sheer effort of creating some animations is so enormous that they do not have enough energy to create a truly compelling story. <br /> <br /> The same can not be said of Renaissance. There are mistakes in the plot, but I'll come to that later. However, the same defects are not reflected in the visual representations - the Renaissance is no longer stunning. The extremely high-contrast images (sometimes so rich in contrast that only a face or a ray of light is visible) and incredible details are always impressive, always a pleasure to see. The futuristic Paris to be exhibited is the cruel offspring of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, gloomy, rather wealthy and even clean, but full of intrigue, corrupt misdeeds, obsessed with beauty (after all, capital of the catwalk) and disguises the misery and neglect of his labyrinth passages with a facade of monumental, sophisticated architecture. <br /> It's a captivating environment, not original, but still great. The film's acclaimed motion capture technology and incredible attention to human and design minutiae lead to images that a black-and-white photographer would die for. Not that the detail stops the conversation, because Christian Volckman offers great action sequences: a hell hunt, a few cruel (imaginative) murders, several brawls in the dark and a nasty dust in a dark apartment. The locations are great too (I want to visit the nightclub). While the main character of Karas is your normal outsider cop, the other two female characters (the sisters are) are the actual engines of the movie. Coming from war-torn Eastern Europe, products of war, diaspora and family spiders, they are a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film is hugely atmospheric, with its dizzying, dizzying faux-camera moves and adult sound creating a very appealing experience. But the conspiracy ... It never gets more interesting than the initial catch in which Karas Ilona Tasuiev, a dazzling and groundbreaking scientist, has to find herself after being snatched off the streets. The sinister company Avalon (is EVERY company never scary?), For which they have worked on "classified" projects, is hell-bent on their recovery, and soon Karas is smoking official blunders, corpses, smoking cigarettes and just missed balls and falling in love in Ilona's sister Bislane (very sympathetically voiced by Catherine McCormack) as he explores the depths of the city (and his own past). <br /> <br /> Text In other words, book noir, but although I have enjoyed the movie much more than Sin City (to which it bears a transient visual resemblance), the conspiracy and resolution are boring, the subject of Immortality is elevated but never investigated Boring is also the role model of Avalon boss Paul Dellenbach, who undercut the dramatic tensions. The basic ideas are familiar sci-fi genre materials, and it's a sensible feeling that image and atmosphere obscure the everyday. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is clear and perfectly coherent, although some of the scenarios in which the characters get into appear occasionally as excuses for portraying technical sorcery. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from scratch that makes this film an eye-catcher. I may take it too seriously, and if that is the case, I can at least say that it's done well, extremely entertaining (and quite mature) and with an ambience like no other.
