A scanner in the dark, minority report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and the world of tomorrow? If you are a fan of these, well worth a visit. <br /> <br /> The French animation project 'Renaissance' took seven years to reach a tight budget and tonight I finally saw a private screening for the Stockholm International Film Festival. My spontaneous reaction is awe. My further reflection is "huh, neat" and a more detailed analysis unfortunately receives a clear "Meh". It's a beautiful sci-fi triumph on the surface, but if you scratch it or even bump it a bit, its unnecessarily complex action becomes as obvious as the flat characters. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is clear that people have done something spectacular with Onyx films with the aforementioned surface. The visuals are breathtaking. You've used live-action motion capture, which has been pasted into key-frame animations, with strong deep black and white contrasts, and a heavily shaded, rotoscopic background. For those of you who are not up to the technical language, the movie looks like a fully animated Sin City. Its flowing, transparent, dark and stylized template is complemented by magnificent, bright flashes. It is a vision. However, we also owe a lot of credit to the crisp sound effects, which occur in the form of futuristic weapons, exciting music, heavy raindrops and glass splinters. It's the wet dream of every tech nerd. <br /> <br /> The film zooms in on an eerily illumined gloomy future landscape in Paris, where a major corporation called "Avalon" has interwoven in Americans' lives Citizens with surveillance (think of the liquid transparent screens from the Minority Report) and on genetic engineering. The latter leads to a mysterious kidnapping of the young researcher Ilona (voiced by dear Romola Garai). Cut to our hard-core cop-on-suspension and protagonist Karas (Daniel Craig)? a man who takes the law into his own hands? Who is assigned the case of finding and retrieving Ilona? In this case, he is supported by Illona's sister, with whom he also begins a love affair. A very half-hearted love affair, if I may say so. The world of the Renaissance is remarkable. The director Christian Volckman tries to melt the Noir themes. The result is an urban jungle of cadets, rats, femme fatales and lonely detectives hiding in the shadow of the lazy slum. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly feel the need to have very clear and spelled archetypes in the story, or the movie would have been "too surreal" for the mainstream audience because of its glaring animation format. As a result, we have a variety of clichéd characters, such as wickedly laughing villains, slippery criminal bosses, and slippery, hard chicks who smoke at every opportunity. It throws us a noir in the face, and it is not necessary. <br /> <br /> Worse, the dialogue is a little thought-out. It seems as if every line exists only for the purpose of promoting the plot. This is not fatal, because the plot is so complex that it requires a clear direction. Daniel Craig also helps here by giving his hard-boiled cop character an uncomplicated attitude. At one point in the Renaissance, he is seen in a lively chase, which is certainly one of the film's most adrenaline-charged and best sequences. Unfortunately, the novelty of the sci-fi visuals has diminished after this chase, and "Renassaince" could benefit from being a bit shorter. In summary, a very interesting but flawed futuristic comic book experience. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 points
