It makes no sense to rate this movie. It is like condemning (or praising) the newborn for his future life. Instead, consider it a powerful meditation on what could have been in the last 100 years. One hundred and eight years of cinematography: What happened to the baby? I would like to think about what (creatively) would happen if Europe was not twice interrupted (destroyed) by the great wars of the 20th century. On their ruins, the false neon of the non-creative and reactionary circus called Hollywood rose. Before 1914 French, Italian and Scandinavian cinemas were financially and of course creative. In particular, French cinema has already taken some very original and creative paths that could have influenced the history of the medium in unimaginable ways (if not interrupted). One wonders what film history would look like today if it were not mutilated and mutilated by the uncompromising and cheap political agenda of Hollywood over 80 years old, which could define Chekhov as the stink of greed and harlotry ... Be it it could, at least, learn something about La Sortie as the key (or at least one of them) of the "kingdom". The Birthplace of the Cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France Date: March 19, 1895 (In the summer of 1895 there is also a replica shoot, so if you notice Summer Lights and the lighter clothing of the workers: that was the version shown DIE VERY FIRST PEOPLE WHO SAY THE MOVING IMAGES. * Louis Lumiere: Creative Ideas, Cinematography, Director: It was all Louis' own domain, as Auguste took care of the rest (money). * The first rolls of film were camera every fifty seconds (= le cinematographer) & cinematographer cinematographers only have fifty seconds to put things into practice! * Apparently, Le Institute Lumiere has managed to preserve some 1,500 of these first films, most of them from a hard-working loumiere brigade Über the globe. So all stars in the starry sky and a minute's silence for perhaps the most magical invention of human history (until now).
