All films shot before 1912 have to be really time and place conscious. <br /> <br /> In 1894, the Lumiere family members [father: Antoine (1840-1911), sons: Auguste and Louis] became owners and owners of a factory that made photo plates and paper. No small business; The factory had more than 200 employees who received pension and social insurance benefits - innovative for that time. It was located in Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon, France. What prompted Louis Lumiere in 1894 to become interested in the construction of a movie theater remains speculative. My suggestion is that the Kinetoscope (peep-show device) of the Edison organization, which took place in Paris in the fall of 1894, was the trigger. W.K.L. Dickson, an Edison employee, invented a film camera about the size of a piano, patented in February 1893. It was electrically powered (with power from heavy batteries). This massive machine-pumped celluloid film strip (redesigned by Eastman) passed a lens at about 40 frames per second (fps) and was housed as an almost immovable object in the "Black Maria" (essentially the first movie studio). The Kinetescope machines showed stagings (less than a minute) shot in this studio. <br /> <br /> In 1894, Louis Lumiere dedicated himself to the task of developing a moving-picture camera, which he himself had detected at 16 frames per second. Celluloid film would allow the persistence of the human eye / brain's vision to perceive normal movements. His cinematographic camera was roughly the size of a large shoe box and provided with a removable film magazine included storage for enough film to take one shot. The shot took about a minute after being passed past the lens at 16 frames per second. The size and light weight of the camera (it could be converted to a printer or projector by adding a camera) light source) made it portable enough to take it anywhere to record an event (assuming it was enough) Sunlight available.) In the spring of 1895, Louis turned: Trick-riding of some cavalrymen; a house on fire, where firefighters arrive and flood the spilled building with water; and a number of other scenes in and around Lyon. Using a Molteni bulb, he turned the camera into a projector and presented his films to scientists gathered in the reception room of the Revue Generales des Science. The images were projected onto a screen five meters from the lens. The screen was stretched in a door between two rooms. At a meeting of professional photographers in the same year, Louis photographed the incoming delegates, and that same evening they showed them movies about their arrival. <br /> <br /> With awards from both the scientific and photographic communities, Louis decided to hold a public exhibition of his invention by the end of the year. Since each of his films would be about a minute long, he would need at least a dozen films to present himself well. For one of these films, he set up his camera in front of the entrance of his factory and photographed the exit of the employees at break time. <br /> <br /> Antoine's chosen public venue - which offered itself as a "Barker" for the cinematograph - was the Salon India of the Grand Cafe on the Boulevard des Capucines in Paris. It was a wintry Saturday night on the 28th. December 1895. When the first audience was seated, they were presented with a projected look at the exterior of the Lumiere factory (with closed gates), some annoyed that they would just see a routine slide show of Lumiere photographs The film has a beginning, a middle and an end, at the beginning the doors are opened and people leave their workplaces, in the middle people pour out - Many try to ignore the camera and the cameraman, as they seem happy to leave a day's work behind, and in the end, the gates will close closed factory. <br /> <br /> And this was the first movie that was projected to entertain the general public.
