I just came back from the late-night cinema and it was indeed a quiet way out, as most of the viewers were thinking about the real black-and-white images of the partition, the freedom movement, etc., which reminded us of our very own Ancestors stood! In this backdrop, mind you, there was no tel / fax / internet at the time, but for the real voice of Truth & Non-Violence, cinematography expressed a spirit of harsh reality of contradiction amidst the harsh Raj. <br /> <Gandhi introduced himself as a diligent lawyer in South Africa, advocating for his basic ideologies and giving every conviction to spread the same consciousness with modesty and holiness, whereupon the pronounced speech of General Smut turned out to be a nice farewell was the most beautiful speech with subtle humor and a veiled threat to the British people in India! There was a nice remark when he said that in India we should pray to the British in India, now that the politician Gandhi is hired for India (towards holiness). <br /> <br /> The background of a large family with many children must include the mention of an obvious shared attention and love that had to cast a spell over the unhappy child's psyche left alone to strive for unrealistic ambitions. Little did Harilal know about his talent, and he is emotionally carried away with little pleasures in life and fails before his father's great idol. He tries to move away from the Mentor ship, which is the basis for every success the Lucky ones saw neighbors on the streets of Gandhi's residence as Harilal hides his frustration in an open state. This means that he becomes spiritually weak and mentally disturbed to be forced into religious conversions and alcoholism, where guilt and disobedience stir up his negative thoughts. He had still shown sincere love for his mother through tricky scenes, and even Gandhi's modest face, which Harilal was supposed to forgive, found no conclusions in his mind, as he always feared the father Gandhi. I could not digest the fact that Gandhi was his Love could not share with him as expected and was driven to rebellion when he could not understand that his father had provided scholarship money to his cousin. He saw a failed opportunity to study law in England. <br /> <br /> This had to take his toll when he was thrown on the street as a beggar, when all India celebrated independence! The life of a destitute person It never changes what comes, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba & Gandhi itself is shown leads to an emotional silence. Finally, the dying Harilal's last turbulent thoughts are presented as a flashback to get the audience under control and wonder where this happened Father of the Nation goes awry? He was smart enough to be spiritually strong to lead a one-man army and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show the British and rival forces that when it comes to the nation's interest 'Nothing Stops' To read the heart of a mahatma, however, one has to live outside of one's family and see what the emotionally naive Harilal could not see living. Too bad that such naive Harilals are still ruining the efforts of many Mahatma-like fathers in many families in today's life and to drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts !! Here is a message to all these brave Sainik (soldiers) - please respect the Father of the Nation! Please obey and luck be given or it is a disaster while waiting, right?
