It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to do Gandhi (1982). He just told the story of a great personality who walked on this planet not so long ago. In comparison, it must have been much harder for director Feroz Abbas Khan when he made his debut as a filmmaker and made Gandhi my dad. He had fought a shrunken anti-hero against an international hero, both of whom were historically genuine individuals and ironically father and son. The events in the movie are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film and set high moral standards for the world. However, these standards overshadowed the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to be a respected lawyer, like his father, complete his education and get a job in India to earn an income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The film does not expose Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than the aspirations of his family. He loved his family and cared for them, though his thoughts of appeasement were dazzled by his ideal of caring for the masses. He campaigned for equality and dignity among all persons and, in his view, opposed his own son, who surveyed other deserving persons to give special undue advantages, on the basis of what he preached. The film deals with an unusual case of parenting in which an idealistic parent places returning goalposts for a less than brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario. A son marries his sweetheart from childhood and disturbs his father. The father annoys his son's educational desire at several important points. The fragile connection between a dedicated son and a father breaks as the son stands on his own and wants to look after his nuclear family. As the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the son stumbles in search of identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks comfort in religion, staggering between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his tribulation, his connection with his mother persists until she makes him drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a director of plays that make his foray into the cinema. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma Vs. Gandhi, which influenced the Indian theater community decisively. The play and the subsequent film were based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and one by Nilamben Parekh. The success of the play was an obvious reason for the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this remarkable film. Every time a good theater director tries to direct the cinema, confidence in the medium is inadequate. Peter Brook is a great director, but less competent as a film director. The opening scenes of Khan's film promise great cinema - a rundown Harilal Gandhi is taken to the hospital of Sion, Bombay (Mumbai) and barely murmurs that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), the father of a whole nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, who dies in poverty and loneliness. Unfortunately, apart from the dramatic opening, the film presents only a great story and some excellent outdoor shots of father and son meditating in silhouette. For an Indian film, he shows some high production qualities that are accompanied by a lack of interest in details (the clothes of most Indians in the film seem dustless and freshly washed, modern hairstyles by actors and even Shefali Shetty play) Mohandas Gandhi's wife a hundred years ago with plucked eyebrows , the bane of Indian cinema. Since Feroz Khan is a theatrical personality, he has worked much harder to work with the actors in the development of the characters than in cinematic details, much like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a product of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> When he knew that criticizing Gandhi in some way called for trouble, even if there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a notable decision not to produce any poster of the film in India Heights, fearing that someone might tear down the poster or deliberately or unintentionally disregard it. <br /> <br /> With all his mixture of grandeur and mistakes, Gandhi, my dad throws some questions to the viewer. Is a mother-son bond stronger than a father-son bond in parenthood? Is a person's immediate family less important than humanity in general? Is one seeking refuge in religion and alcohol only when worldly problems are encountered? In this film, Harilal is stunned by rebels, from one religion to another, while his father quotes the scriptures: "Forgive them because they do not know what they are doing" when they are thrown to the ground by a South African policeman convinced of the value of religion and convinced others. <br /> <br /> The film won Best Actor Award and an Indian Critics' Award for Shefali Shetty (Shah) at the Tokyo International Film Festival. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have treated a sensitive topic very well and have produced above-average performances from the ensemble of actors. I hope the film's international success paves the way for a capable director to someday make another brilliant Indian play, Girish Karnad's Tughlaq, which will one day meet international quality standards.
