Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi, my father, a film that sheds light on the broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story as dramatic as the one this film tries to tell, it is a pity that the director does not tell it dramatically. Gandhi, my dad, is told you like that boring history lesson that made you sleep in school. Now the film wants to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi has become an unfair father in his attempt to be a fair human being. This point is addressed many times in the film, and one of the examples that highlights this point is the scholarship to England that Gandhi twice denies his son. Instead of showing us how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what was going on in his mind, the director simply goes with the story and never lets us witness the growing resentment Harilal has over his father. When we finally see an outbreak of Harilal, it looks like he's overreacting. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to say that we'll never really understand why Harilal became the rebel he did. We never really understand why he turned to Islam and then back to Hinduism. The thing is, we never really understand Harilal. The director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the freedom struggle, a story that most of us are already familiar with. To put it simply, Gandhi My Father promises to examine the strained father-son relationship, but she does not even show us where the cracks first occurred in this relationship son, but show us why that was a burden. Show us incidents of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi only says that he rejects Harilal's early marriage. Tell us, why this opposition? It's not enough for Kasturba to hold her husband responsible for the way her son has developed - to constantly move him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa because he had to move him every time Gandhi moved , Words are not enough, show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. More than just the spiky theme of this dainty relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film remains on too many tangents, reducing the effect of the film's central theme. It should never be a film about the struggle for independence, yet it often seems that the director feels almost obliged to guide us through all the important events that have led to this historic moment, even if that is a lot it has no relevance to the basic premise of the film - the stormy father-son relationship. The problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, it's certainly a very confused movie. What happens to Harilal's children after the death of his wife? Does he ever have a relationship with them? Where do you suddenly disappear after this one scene where we see her with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions are answered in a film that focuses on relationships in the Gandhi family. Gandhi My Father is a disappointment, not a question that has been asked. The film version of a game developed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, directed by director Fermen Abbas Khan. Virtually every single scene in the movie opens and closes with fades and fades that never blend seamlessly together. On the positive side, the film is inherent nobility that you recognize. The filmmaker makes every effort to provide a balanced narrative that seeks to be a party, never to judge father or son, and not to paint as a villain. However, the film makes it clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals shaped the nation, but apparently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, it is only Akshaye Khanna, who really shines in the role of the incapable Harilal Gandhi. It's a wonderful achievement, and it's not easy, since the role covers virtually the entire life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare blend of innocence and despair to this part and manages to make Harilal a pitiful figure. Just watch him in this scene where he discovers that his wife is dead, and you'll realize how much he conveys only through body language. Darshan Jariwala, who now plays Gandhi Senior, is a karikative approach to playing Mahatma in his later years, but it is the way he humanizes the man in his early years as a barrister in South Africa, which is the best contribution of the Actor is to this role. The gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, the woman who should be torn apart in this father-son conflict, but if she can not summon that sense of helplessness, it's not so much her fault, but also a rickety script. There has been a lot of effort to make this film, and this is obvious everywhere, but the film suffers from the inevitable mistake that you will eventually remember when leaving the cinema - it's just so boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi, my dad is a sincere effort, yes, but also a movie that could have gotten away with a much closer script. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal have been very unhappy. And with this film, the director makes us too.
