From a very long time we see films about Gandhi. And most of the time the light is always in the depiction of Gandhi as a freedom fighter or a man of principles. However, when I hear that a film is being made highlighting Gandhi as a father and emphasizing his relationship with his son, I immediately notice the attention, as this is an area that is least explored as it has its own dark side and fewer people have shown the courage to live in it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did so. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi's work in South Africa and his relationship with White and his wife. The latter Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a lawyer, but his dream was overturned when his father (Gandhi) urged him (or motivated) to become a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi places more emphasis on practical learning than formal education. Harilal, too, tries to walk on his father's foot, but soon fails, as his infatuation with his wife, his children, and his own dream of great success changes his path, and then begins the repulsion between son and father. Finally, he defeated his father to pursue his dream and leave him on his own terms. He wrote back to India and then started with his unsuccessful stories, which are getting bigger with time. I leave the reader to watch a movie to catch more stories ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has done the best job of his term so far and convinces in his portrayal as Harilal Gandhi. In the scene where he reaches the room where his wife's body is, one can see a good actor hiding / developing in Akshay. Darshan Jariwala is also well suited as MK Gandhi and can live such a great character. He worked well and with ease. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proven her metal in television series. Bhumika Chawla has also shown a good performance, but the actress of her candidacy is a waste in this kind of role. Other actors have also justified their achievements. <br /> <br /> Technique and make-up are also good, and in cinematography in particular duo tone color imaging is too good. The costume looks and adapts to the context. <br /> <br /> Overall, a worth watching movie that defies slow and impatient people is boring, giving you a glimpse of the environment that has not yet been brought to the screen. Also, the way the progress of the story and the connection of the scene may look worn down for some people and for critics, especially for an average movie watcher like me, is still enough to keep me busy right to the end ,
