I've been waiting for a superhero movie for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among the classic cartoon parodies like "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons like "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in all: the funny, tongue-in-cheek tone; the courage to aim at the heroic in life, with the danger of being ridiculous; the less secure way these characters manage to prevail against their opponents. It is the failed spark of the nobility that ignites in the weak and ordinary, and it's wonderful to see it glow so high and bright here. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens a party in a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the feeling of giving the old people in the scene more energy and life. As it stands, George Romero might have come up with something. We have to get the feeling that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or it feels patronizing. When the red eyes crash the celebrations, you half expect Tom Waits, a weapon inventor with a love for ladies in his eighties, to stand up and scream, "Just what this party needs - a little bit of excitement!" If the writer Neil Cuthbert had any sense, Waits would have mixed it up with the invaders and forced the partisans to do the same. It would have made for a rousing start and a better introduction of the troublesome trio: the Shoveler (William Macy); the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seemingly come from nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other issues for "Mystery Men" than I would like. among them that the villain Casanova Frankenstein must feel as absurd as the rest of the people in this movie, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the role; he must stand far above the summit to bring the conflict between good and evil into a galvanic conflict. And Rush has never shown any talent for the Outre. They hope for the mature plays of a John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the dry, impetuous rejection of a Paul Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Instead, we get pastiche. Somewhat half-baked and not completely realized. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas in "Mystery Men" that are bundled by anyone in order to neatly connect them, and that could be the deepest problem. But whatever confusion it is, it's the mess I love. Ben Stiller always seemed to be slumbering in the roles he takes. This is no exception, but he assumes with such conviction that you feel he has learned something about the comedy that grew up in a household run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is related to all the thoughtful, hypersensitive, and chronically defensive types that made Woody Allen popular. And whether he interferes with the waitress's affection at his favorite location (the sleek Claire Forslani), or challenges the wisdom of another superhero (Wes Studi as a sphinx) or gives a new member to her "elite" group (Jeaneane Garofalo in her maybe funniest moments on the screen) a difficult time, it's always fun to see them. I can not really say that about him in "Mad about Mary". Jeaneane Garofalo proves with this performance that she should be the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen a funnier exchange between a daughter and a dad (okay, he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. And the funny thing about this role is that it feels like a playful reiteration of Emily Watson's enchanting conversations with God in Breaking the Waves. And in this version, the girl does not die, and bells do not ring in your head. William H. Macy is doing something very difficult; he makes magnetic. They immediately understand what Jenifer Lewis' Lucille has drawn to Eddie. You can also understand their desperation. Grilling alone would be enough to drive me over the edge, but when Eddie's adorable, half-blooded son looks up at his father and says, "I believe in you, Daddy." whereupon Lucille sighs and shouts: "Roland, do not encourage your father," you want to stand Neil Cuthbert and call him a top-notch joke. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only moment in the movie was the sheer butt in "The Birdcage" to date) and Louise Lasser (more than two decades since we first noticed her), " Bananas "and" Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman? ") As a son and mother who share a taste for cutlery; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as a publicist; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as "The Spleen"; and Lena Olin, who, if she did not have the few lines in this movie, would attend the set.
