Director Kinka Usher remains true to his own credo: "Just do it and you'll laugh" and has created the cult movie "Mystery Men" of all times with the help of an outstanding cast. When a Bad Badger, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush), is released from a psychiatric ward, he conquers local superhero Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear) and threatens to take over Champion City), The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein, however, was supplemented by a host of underworld scum and has become a formidable opponent. The trio recognizes that help is needed and decides to recruit. What comes out of it is nothing less than the most memorable team of superheroes ever compiled in the history of cinema. Mr. Furious has his anger; The shovel, his shovel; The Blue Raja flings cutlery (mainly forks and occasional spoons, but never a knife); The Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible while no one is watching; The Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from the south, is very mysterious and can rip his weapons with his thoughts. Could be; the bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly accuracy; and The Spleen (Paul Reubens) has flatulence that can knock a whole room out of action. This is a brilliant ensemble piece that causes laughter without patronizing or patronizing the audience while always being played directly. The dialogue is funny and the performances of Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable, witty scenes, especially those in which they organize a pool party and barbecues to recruit, and conduct interviews with a staggering collection of applicants; and another in a bar, when the bowler has a conversation with her long-dead father, whose skull was implanted in her bowling ball. The funniest of all, however, must be when the team actually tries to rescue Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, as the entire movie is one hilarious scene after another, steeped in subtle humor that will make you laugh and think for a long time. The true secret of his success, however, is that Usher upholds everything; The relationships between the characters are true, and the whole concept of the "superhero" is considered perfectly reasonable, giving some credibility to the whole process. In this world, the pursuits of Mr. Furious and the rest are tenacious, and Usher keeps up the laughter without ever focusing on slapstick or mere sight gags. Supporters include Lena Olin, Eddie Izzard, Tom Waits, Claire Forlani, Monica, Louise Lasser, Jenifer Lewis, Lucille and Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired movie that can be seen time and again, guaranteed with every new giggle. In the immortal words of the sphinx, we are number one! All others are number two or lower. 'Is it an Oscar-worthy movie? Barely; But for a good time and lots of laughs, treat yourself to this masterpiece of comedy. It's the real deal and you will not regret it. I rate this as 10/10.
