I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 when I was on vacation. When I came home, I looked at it again. Remember, I was twelve years old, but back then it was the coolest movie of all time. I've even collected the extremely rare action figures (I have them all but the bowler, who is the hardest to find, they made Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and Captain Amazing, in case you were ask. There is a William H. Macy action figure!). I've seen it many times over the years, and it's still a favorite of mine, mostly because of childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it definitely deserves another look and maybe a cult application. <br /> <br /> The Story: A few low-level superheroes save the day. This was also repeated in the mediocre direct-to-video "The Specials". But that's the other end of the spectrum: big budget (huge budget, almost $ 100 million, I think), studio comedy. Yes, the effects are over the top and the huge sets and the wonderful production design are a bit much, considering the plot. But do not think that this is a stupid special effect superhero movie - it's a PARODY. They are fighting a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psycho-terrorist, whatever that is (he's a doomsday scenario, he'll take over the world, Yada Yada.) And the superhero Captain Amazing (a Zapp-Brannigan-like Greg Kinnear, with commercial product logos on his costume, nice touch ) is being kidnapped. Time for the Mystery Men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller gets angry), The Shoveller, The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, tossing forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, Bowls ), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guessing what he's doing), The Spleen (The big Paul Reubens, Fart) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, halves the weapons with his mind, I'm not joking). The rest of the fantastic character cast includes Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin as Cassanova's Bride, and the only Tom Waits as a crazy arms dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar nominees (and a winner) and Tom Freakin 'Waits! It is not perfect though. It's too long and there are some dizziness here and there (The Shoveller is full of it). <br /> <br /> The dialogue definitely outweighs the physical comedy that sometimes lacks (there is a man who fart for his power, case closed). The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the cyclical wanderings of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious, etc. It's a funny movie (it's almost forgotten that this was the movie that left Smashmouth's "All Star" out into the world). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film did not do as well with critics and audiences as it should. Originally a sequel was planned (the movie is actually based on a comic book and characters from the comics "The Flaming Carrot." The Flaming Carrot was planned for the sequel), but at the box office that did not bode well. It could have been a tough sale, a superhero comedy with the man from "Crazy for Mary." It could also have been the fact that it was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which was ultimately the biggest hit for the month of August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair". Strangely enough, two other misunderstood classics - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant" - appeared on the same weekend. Critics gave MM passable reviews, but were quickly forgotten. Unfortunately comedian Jeffrey Ross told Ben Stiller about Comedy Central's Roast of Jerry Stiller: "I saw Mystery Men and fired my agent." Ben then sees the words: "I should have to do it". Do not listen to him. Give "Mystery Men" a chance.
