When I started to look at them, she became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is very funny and talented, so were the aunts and the other characters and the star of the show, Salem, the cat, he was incredibly funny. The first season was the best in my opinion, in which Sabrina was a teenager in high school, who adapted to the life of the witch. They were the funniest, the most entertaining, and the most ... good. I'm not a fan of when they introduced Brad and Dreamer because I liked Valerie quite a bit, but they were okay, the problem was that they only had one season. If you have new people, at least keep them. I did not like Josh, he was a twin, I preferred Harvey, but then he disappeared. and they got rid of Libby! It would have been fantastic if you had argued in these matters for seven years. and Mr. Craft too, if he and Zelda got married, that would have been gold! then Sabrina moves out of her aunt's house and into Roxie / Miles / Morgan's house. I did not like these people either, it did not really seem that they liked Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to be losing her charm and her things, and the aunts seemed to be out of their lives and immersed in their own silly storylines. I somehow stopped watching it, and the old reruns were back and I was like whoo-hoo! LOL. I have to say that the last seasons have been absolutely terrible. They let go of the aunts who sucked because they were a big part of the show. then she suddenly lets the two freeloaders move into the beautiful house, when they treated him like dirt. and now she is working in a newsagent, so they invite celebrity star stars to the show if they get ruined in each episode. the program just went really downhill and lost its shine. I saw the last episode. It had the aunts in it (Zelda was reduced to a candle) and she wants to marry, but she runs away with Harvey at the end. I would like to know what happened after that. Well, that's my review and the only thing I can say is that the only thing that's talked about the seven years was Salem the cat.
