You know people in the movie are waiting for royal hailstones to fall from a bright blue sky. In fact, the weather stays pretty bad during this atmospheric thriller and only the lawyer Chamberlain has the answer. But he is too much of a European rationalist to connect me with this inner being that reveals itself only through dreams. <br /> <br /> Dark original mystery full of metaphysics by director Peter Weir. In Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975) he had already demonstrated his ability to flirt with other dimensions. Here it is the mysterious world of the Australian aborigines, which faces the strictly ordered world of the prevailing whites. Something strange happens in the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their members for no apparent reason. Yuppie lawyer Chamberlain is supposed to defend her from a white man. But the more he deals with these things, the more mysterious he becomes and the more a foreign Native American becomes interested in him. And then there are those scary dreams that come and go at odd times. <br /> <br /> Well structured script reinforces the interest. One reason why the movie works is the background normality of Chamberlain's wife and her little daughters. The audience can easily identify with them. And when their little world goes beyond the usual framework, normalcy begins to buck and we get the feeling that worlds are starting to collide. Chamberlain goes through the whole journey of discovery, especially during the Underground Exploration Tour, where I think he showed more awareness than he did. After all, picking up the mask is a mystery to the key (I think), but his reaction does not really register revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, thirty years later, the notion of receding nature has some resonance. In the film, the term is covered with a lot of entertaining hocus-pocus, but the motif itself remains enlightening. One way of producing a central irony in the film is the symbolism of the opening scene. A big white SUV drives past a Native American family, leaving them behind in the historic dust. The site looks like an inner tribal reserve that has no special significance for the coastal waters where the industry lives. However, it is also a region that most likely survives something like a destructive last wave. Maybe there is something here to think about past and future. <br /> <br /> This is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
