Spoiler I loved the later episodes from college, but I wish I could get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the first college season is the last thing I could get. The teenage years were still sweet; Although they focused on magic, they also made them a figure teenagers could relate to as they struggled with the struggles of teenagers and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; They did not get into the morbid teenage problems of sex and drugs, but they put pressure on them. I loved seeing her grow up and cope with her magic, trying to persuade her aunts to let her go left the nest. The older episodes were cute, but it was just so much better than her (no more really a juvenile witch), but as an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan. They were so talented! In the earlier episodes the aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a little child, but not in every way. I mean, they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic. I mean, she should learn from her own mistakes! I liked the college episodes. She could learn from her own mistakes without being grounded; that was annoying. Do not knock Hilda and Zelda down. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and perfect for the Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode when she left Harvey, but as others said, it would be nice to see what happened afterwards. I mean, I think it was obvious they were getting married. where else would they go in their wedding dress? But I would have liked to see it. I suppose they wanted to leave it to the viewer to choose the end instead of feeding it with a spoon, as most comedies do. Someone said they could have shown them how to marry and go to school in the house, but they have already graduated from college. Sabrina did a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a beautiful apartment that we only see in the end, but they never say what he does. As a child, they always talk about not wanting to be an annihilator like his father. When Sabrian moved into the house this season, they never really explain how it happened. In fact, there is a lot the show does not explain, but I suppose it should be left to us and a mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends move in, they show how Hilda gets married and all this magic that makes Zelda a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda is in a different form, but Beth is not in the episode), but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened as if they had children? Maybe they did not want too much in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister, who played her spoiled cousin! She was pretty and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grow up! I think it's been six years since the show aired! I still love the repetitions! I do not even know if anyone noticed it, but in the earlier episodes the city was called Westbridbe (I think, from a compound city that was supposed to be near Salem), but in the later episodes, do not mention the name the city called Westbridge, and I think they call it Boston, unless they've just worked there. I also wanted to add that I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina", in which she teaches about the importance of rules, insulting. She was 18 and too old to be grounded; I would have been offended if my parents grounded me at age 18. And I think that while an 18-year-old messes up the thing as she did, she has to learn the consequences herself. I think at 18, they know that rules are important.
