I have this movie on DVD and must have watched it thirty times now. I really have to love it, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I used to be a surfer in my life and I loved the sport. To this day, I am fascinated by good surfing. Riding Giants has a lot of them and that's why I'm a jerk. But I definitely have some bones with me. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in its subject. The cutting and editing of the waves is such that the majority of them are somehow ruined. Very few waves are actually shown from start to finish. Peralta seems to be dependent on a hyperkinetic method of cut-and-pace. It gets particularly bad in the middle section at Mavericks in Northern California. There is not a single wave that comes to an end. Almost the entire section on Mavericks (a third of the movie) is a shattering montage of clips with an equally shocking soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta has tried with Mavericks, as this is a really frightening mix of bone-breaking waves in cool, open sea-cuts, but they go too far. Mavericks is not just a bad trip. There waves are actually ridden, even with great performances. It would have been nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks that this is a great sport (and I'm sure he does), why does he insist on being so busy with the subject? Sometimes editing reduces the film to the inscrutable. There is a quick clip in the section on Peahi in Hawaii that I still can not understand. Even if I run it on DVD in slow motion, the picture is too fast to decrypt. It must be a maximum of a few frames long. Second, did the guys who did this thing ever know anything about understatement? It is particularly annoying to watch the version of the told directors on DVD. These guys sound like two girls over the valley. The same feeling is evident in the main production. Every thing is always so goddamn "startling", etc. A character is just uncomfortable - Sam George, editor of Surfer Magazine, who pees in his pants almost every time he has a say. He is a great move for the movie. <br /> <br /> There is an enormous amount of work put into this film. I mean, just to get the old footage and all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it's generally a fascinating conversation. Thematically it is well laid out, with the three parts revolving around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton. There are a few applications of still photography that are phenomenal. The story of the directors says it's a new kind of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters radiate in their interviews as well as in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport in a way I've only seen in basketball with Michael Jordan. And the story of his meeting with his father is a gem. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been so much more. The very last part of the movie, when the credits roll, gives an indication of what it could have been. There are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a great soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is junk, even if you're a fan of the modern, frenetic rock school.) Anyway, there are my two cents ...
