I remember that I saw this when it was released, in a theater in Palo Alto and did not expect much. I mean - an australian movie? But it finally got me. Here is a scene. Richard Chamberlain sits cross-legged on the floor of a seedy apartment in Sidney, looking at an Australian Aboriginal elder named Charlie. Chamberlain: "You were in front of my house last night, you scared my wife?" And Charlie answers at a deliberate pace: "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? ... Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? It's a stunning scene shot in close-up, Chamberlain's smart-looking face filling the screen against Charlie's black, broad-nosed, bearded face. <br /> <br /> The two Men could not be more different This movie is about the story of Chamberlain inadvertently stumbling from his humble lawful existence into the inexplicable, almost unspeakable secrets of Charlie's world. <br /> <br /> I do not think I have much It's kind of an apocalyptic story, but I have to say, whoever researched aboriginal Australian beliefs should have a plus, they've got everything from goal to goal Dreamtime, a kind of parallel universe in which dreams are real. It's an extremely scary movie with no musical stitches or splendid special effects. Charly's world just begins to invade Chamberlain's dreams, for reasons that have never been completely clear. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the script, it is. Nothing is ever made clear. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have an extraordinary relationship with the natives, die in the last wave? Do the natives? Does the entirety of Sidney? The basic requirement is also somewhat difficult to accept, even though this is a fantasy. The indigenous people are endowed with the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to Indians, while mythology is mythology and one that may be more complex or satisfying - more elegant and beautiful, if you like - mythology is still a try, an ordinary one to overcome demanding and sometimes disappointing physical existence. Charlie's mystique is more compelling than the miracles of Moses in Cecil B. DeMille's The Ten Commandments, but they are brothers under the skin. <br /> <br /> But I do not care. Considered as a movie, this movie is pretty good and it is especially important to mark the star of director Peter Weir and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a large wave of antipode movies, some of which were rough like "Mad Max" and some subtle and dramatic like "Lantana". I like Weir's stuff, which resembles Nicholas Roeg, because they are pregnant with subliminal anxiety. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" as an example of how you can make a truly relaxing movie with no blood drop.
