Impressive! Stacy Peralta has accompanied Dogtown and Z-Boys with an equally impressive documentary about the history of surfing the big waves in America. Insider footage, along with interviews from surfing legends, takes us into the brave and free-spirited life of the early pioneers whose sheer passion for sports has spawned an industry that touches the lives of millions today. <br /> <br /> Getting to know these icons and their stories gives the movie its warmth. You can feel the respect that Peralta has for this group as we hear reports of Greg Noll stepping on the beach from a group of awesome surfers, challenging 50-meter-high waves on Hawaii's north coast. Or Jeff Clark, who spent 15 years surfing alone on the Northern California coast with the totally dangerous Maverick, before he was discovered and became the surf destination in California. And the storybook story of Laird Hamilton, the surf icon today. If Greg Noll is awesome that Hamilton is the best surfer ever to shudder over my spine, we're here. <br /> <br /> (By the way, Noll, Clark, and others were at the Sundance screenings.) Noll described himself as an old, surfer on the hill, deeply moved by the reception of the audience and the movie He and Clark were personally as likeable as in the film.) Riding Giants pays homage to him, these exceptional athletes rewarded us with a glimpse into the scale and fearsome power of the waves they seek to conquer, the tear-dropping vertical drops, which were needed to invade them, and the almost unfathomable combination of adrenaline and the fear that they will manage to experience surfers every time they experience a monster swell. <br /> <br /> All this and the movie has more. For those of us who did not live in California in the 1960s, we get a glimpse into how surfing affects American pop culture. (And to my surprise, the impact of the film Gidget on surfing!) Peralta also summarizes some technical aspects of the sport and the innovation history of the equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was intrigued by this movie. Peralta asserts himself as the Big Kahuna of American documentary films.
