Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that dives deep into the world of one of the most underrated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion that only director Stacy Peralta could capture. Everything, from the structure to the players, to the amazing footage, to the style in which it was filmed, only enhanced the beauty and power of surfing. Of all the surf movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid), this was the most consistent and relevant. Beginning with the early days of surfing (a short history lesson) that lasts all the way to Laird's notorious ride, Riding Giants continues into the mind, heart, and soul of the sport than any other of these documentary films. How does it do it? By engaging in the entire story from beginning to end, without fictionalizing or jigging from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> At first this movie was structurally sound. In the other films I've seen about surfing, you sometimes jump from a new person to a new person, from wave to wave, from event to event, without knowing why or who? In Riding Giants we have a very small cast of veterans and newbies. That way, you can really immerse yourself in the mind of everyone. Instead of just rippling, we get more story and more personal insights into the world than before. That really attracted me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (because it's a big wave movie), we hear stories and see what these surfers had to overcome to get to those waves. I loved the information about the "beach lovers" or the surfers of the father. I'm still full of the amazing stories of Greg Noll and his early adventures in deep, deep blue. To see him in person and talk about what was going on in his head, he just added more fuel to the fire. The straightforward structure followed by Peralta enabled me to learn more about the sport than with the earlier films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not wonder what these brave people have done and where the sport is heading. <br /> <br /> Add some intense and creative camera to a flawless structure, damn almost perfect movie. With techniques I've recently seen in The Kid Stays in the Picture, Riding Giants creates some scenes that almost feel like jumping out of the screen. It's not a 3D image, but it's the flat sense of dimension you get when you put two images on top of each other. It worked in this movie. It adds more depth to the scenes, adding not only to the shock (man, these waves were enormous), but also to the danger these guys were constantly facing. If it broke or maneuvered otherwise, those waves would kill her. Some died, but the sport was not stopped. It just created more excitement and more passion to make it better. It is this love of the sea and the sport that leads me to my last point. <br /> <br /> The human element. So many of my previous adventures in the world of documentary surfing left me with beautiful waves, but little about people. The movies knew people were watching for the waves, so basically it went from wave to wave to wave and maybe a brief second over the person. This movie was the direct opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece by still giving us the waves but paying so much attention to the surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What storms through her mind, what pushes her to go further, and the bonds that form out there on the wild blue. I had the feeling that after this film I did not only know more about big wave surfing, but also about the emotional side of the sport. This was an element that was not developed as in the other films, and brought Riding Giants to a completely new personal level. I have never seen so much passion, dedication and love in a structurally sound film. I was impressed from the beginning to the end. I would be very happy if this year's film won the Oscar for Best Documentary, seeing a new rebirth in the world of surfing and opening more doors to films of this kind. <br /> <br /> ** from *****
