"Film noir" is an exaggerated expression when describing movies. Every thriller seems to be a "noir". But "Where the Sidewalk Ends" is really a good example of what this genre is all about. <br /> <br /> Very briefly, an overzealous detective (Andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnik who works for the gangsters. The assassination is attributed to the father (Tom Tully) of a woman who meets Andrews and falls (Tierney). To save Dad from Old Sparky, Andrews captures the rest of the mob and turns around. <br /> <br /> The morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past. His father was a thief who was killed when he tried to shoot himself out of jail. But that does not excuse his actions after he accidentally dismissed the no-goodnik in self-defense. He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident, but hesitates. He's already in hot water with the department and this could end his career. Then the phone rings at the wrong moment. It's Andrews's partner and Andrews tells him that the suspect that they are chasing after them is not at home. He hides the corpse and later eliminates it by hitting a guard and throwing the body into the river. <br /> <br /> What motivates a man to do something so stupid? OK. His job was in danger. But now he has committed several crimes. At least I think they have to be several. I counted obstacles against justice, attack, settlement of a corpse without permission, first-degree garbage collection and false testimonies against its neighbor. In the end we do not know if root for Andrews or not. The suspect did not deserve to die, but it was an accident because Andrews did not know he was a war hero and had "a silver plate in his head." Maybe it was this kind of ambiguity that made Noir what it was, including the characteristic lighting. If noir meant nothing more than black-and-white photography, murder, criminals, mysteries, and suspicious women, we'd all have to include Charlie Chan films in this section. Andrews is pretty good. He's a kind of Mark MacPherson (of "Laura") who has become bitter. He never laughs and seldom smiles even when sitting at a Gene Tierney restaurant table, a situation that can make many men smile. He has no humor at all. His few jokes are depressed. As he slides a stool into a cab, the stool says, "Careful, I almost hit my head," says Andrews. "That's okay, the taxi is insured." Andrews may seem like wood at times, but this is a role that requires stubborn and humorless determination and is good with it. His underplaying is perfect for the role. Small twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states. I think the director, Otto Preminger, prevented him from pronouncing the bullet "BOO-let" and the police "POE lice". I never could decide on Gene Tierney. In the role of Tom Tully's daughter, a model, she's fine, but she's like Marilyn Monroe, because you can not separate the assumed behaviors from the real personality traits. Did Tierney actually have such an innocent, almost holy person? When she answered the phone at home, did her voice have the same listening quality as on the screen? Poor Tierney underwent some bad psychiatric problems before there were any effective drugs for bipolar disorder. And Andrews too, a nice guy, even though he seemed to be in alcoholism before finally recovering and making public announcements. <br /> <br /> The DVD commentary by Peter Muller is unpretentious, informative and sometimes amusing.>> <br /> Nevertheless, this is a good movie and a good example for Film Noir. The good guys are not all good, though the bad guys are all bad. Maybe this ambiguity makes it an adult image rather than a popcorn movie. For the children, only one shot is fired at the screen and nobody explodes. We are sorry.
