A Turkish bathing sequence in a film noir in the 50s in New York, that must be an indication of something! Something that, oddly enough, has not been pointed out in any of the previous comments seems to me to be essential to understanding this film. <br /> <br /> The order of Turkish baths: a side street at night, the entrance of a grubby sauna and Scalise, wrapped in a sheet, with his thighs massaged. Steve, the masseur, is from the young, raw boxer (Beefcake!) And another, a bodyguard? ends the dressing. Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rude right away. We know he has a reputation for catching suspects. Good cop, but slightly out of control. Why does he hate her so much? <br /> <br /> Could it be that he hates himself? This part of him he inherited from his father? This dark side that could lead him into the gutter right at the end of the sidewalk? What if that dark side lurked in a "cupboard"? Remember: Whenever Dixon meets Scalise (3 times), the guy lies on a bed with only men around him (the irony of the "Girls" poster is stuck to the wall next to his bed!) /> < Scalise looks funny: Afflicted manners, arrogant, stubbornly cranking the neck, pushing his inhaler (poppers?) into his nostrils when talking to Dixon. Dixon is determined to tear down Scalise, who does not understand, "I've never seen a man as full of hatred as you, I find it almost funny how you've searched for me alone." Four years jumped on me as if I was someone special! Why? "<br /> <br /> Because Scalise is indeed something special: he's the direct heir to Dixon's dad," Her father liked me, "" Her dad put me in business. "He's Dixon's criminal Brother, his brother dark side incarnates and as a coronation he prefers to accompany men Dixon knows well: "Who killed him (Paine)?" You or one of your playmates? "Playmates! Note that Dixon uses Scalise every time they meet: he pulls the address book out of his jacket, slaps his face and hits him. Scalise: "I warn you that you will not touch me!". Dixon's homophobia is obvious. In other words, his unexpressed homosexuality. Dixon, aka Dixon's child, is the son of a thief. In response, he decided to become a police officer, a good one, but there is something the criminal in him is a dark side: he is a violent copper, a murderer, a liar, besides, he is not married, occasionally bringing " a dizzy blonde "to his familiar dining room, but nothing else. The waitress mocks that she does not know how to connect with a woman. Dixon has a deep sense of guilt and hates those reasons. "A hood and a gangster like his old man, Blood will tell." To free himself, Dixon finally decides to sacrifice himself: If he gets his alter ego Scalise to kill him, he'll get rid of the guilt and also free the girl and her father. <br /> <br /> The end of the film brings us back to the opening sequence: Scalise is pushed into the gutter and Dixon has earned the right to walk the sidewalk and wins the love of the Lady, he is finally straight. <br /> The unspoken theme of the movie could well be that of a man who wants to experience the love of a woman (Jean Douchet) to cover his repressed feelings much to the film commentary by Jean Douchet the edited by CarlottaI French DVD
