Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950) appropriately opens with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys on the sidewalk, while dirty water flows down between the bars of a sewer grate. The sidewalk stands for integrity, integrity and morality? Only crooks and offenders go into the gutter. But even the most honorable men occasionally tend to go astray, and when the sidewalk ends abruptly, it can sometimes be impossible not to wet the shoes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father is a professional criminal, and has spent his entire life screwing himself back on the sidewalk, always balancing on the curb. As a police officer, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the decency and integrity his father lacked, but he has a bad line he can not escape. When his raging temper kills a murder suspect, Dixon becomes the father he despises, a cheap criminal who cheats and lies to cover his offense. <br /> <br /> "Where the sidewalk ends" was the only film that reunited Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the grand 'Laura (1944)', though the two films, as far as the Noir is concerned, could not be further apart. While the previous picture had the familiarity of a country house murder, this film is more conventional than an urban police drama. With her remarkably memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney is here in the typical niche of pretty, helpless romantic interest (as she did the same year in Jules Dassin's The Night and the City (1950)). , Andrews, on the other hand, was rarely better, showing tenacity and angry anger that I did not expect from him. Gary Merrill is unimaginative as a crime boss Scalise, but he does not seem to be mean enough for the role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in The Big Combo (1955)) would have been better suited for the character; I did not realize that, but Conte only appeared in Preminger's Whirlpool (1949) a year ago. <br /> <br /> The tension as Dixon seeks to cover up his accidental crime is absolutely mesmerizing. surely the most exciting sequences of his time? Although I think that the situation has still not been exhausted. The taxi driver is the only person who could have identified Dixon as the culprit, but Preminger flies past the moment he passes Dixon on the stairs. If the witness had been brought in when Dixon was playing his own moves outside the apartment entrance, we could have had a real fireworks display. And why could not the statement of taxi driver Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) have immediately freed him from murder? Unstable inconsistencies like these cloud an otherwise brilliant screenplay by Ben Hecht, who infuses his hardened, criminal underworld with hard-hitting police and inquisitive criminals. Andrews's seething and impetuous law enforcer, tormented by anger and remorse, has seldom been bettered, at least with Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's "On Dangerous Ground (1952)."
