New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons every day while coping with the normal highs and lows of everyday life. The effort generated by his inner struggle and his intense hatred of criminals results in his making grave false judgments and disobeying the need to adhere to rules of conduct when dealing with people on the wrong side of the law. He has many years of experience in treating suspects and known criminals with brutal brutality. This has brought him into conflict with his superiors, who have censored him because of the use of force he has regularly used. Dixon can not reconcile these demands for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and had a strong desire to humiliate his father's reputation and to avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence. > When a wealthy Texan is murdered after an evening gambling run by Gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise informs Dixon's superior officer Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim has been accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney), and that Paine has committed the murder. Dixon goes to Pinee's apartment and questions the suspect, who is both drunk and uncooperative. When Paine hits him, Dixon takes his revenge and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon dumps the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is interviewed, and after describing what happened to Scalise, she adds that her father went to Pune's apartment later that evening to talk to him about the fact that she returned home with bruises was. Paine had attacked her several times before, and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened that if he did, he would beat Paine. This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. Nobody accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed the Texan and was then killed by Paine to destroy him as a witness. Dixon continues to try to condemn Scalise, but eventually realizes that this is the only way to succeed. His goal is to confess his own role in Pare's death and the cover-up , He does so and also reports that he is facing Scalise alone so the police can arrest the gangster for Dixon's murder. The confrontation with Scalise and the potential ways in which Dixon achieves his own salvation form a tense and fitting ending to this sinister thriller. Dana Andrews' tense and busy expression conveys the constant and relentless nature of his character's fears as he deals with a series of misfortunes that include and follow the accidental death of Paine. However, Dixon is not the only one to suffer misfortune, as Morgan loses a successful model to her job because of all the difficulties surrounding her. Her father, who had obtained a diploma for supporting the police a few years earlier, is wrongfully charged with a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who had been a war hero, had experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism and female breeding, and Scalise, founded by Dixon's father, is also suffering his own misfortune. <br /> <br /> "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is a thoroughly exciting story that includes a group of interesting and varied characters and is a major actor that represents the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
