The charm of Otto Preminger's terrific, visionary film Noir is that he has ambiguous intentions and reveals the dark essence of the central character that still annoys living in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews's driven, vengeful cop is portrayed as an outsider, irrational and destructive, who may change because he may have found a good wife to take care of him. The disturbed man challenges himself with his own confused sense of righteousness. The disquieting mood that screenwriter Ben Hecht revolutionized in the last half of the story echoes in Andrews' tense performance as Preminger saturates the film in a prosaic style language. We do not just see and hear the city at night; we feel it because Preminger lets us see and hear even the farthest and furthest factors. Dana Andrews conveys a complex character that unfolds through his violent streaks and the hate that always plagues him. As the plot evolves, he is secretly involved in situational snares, but he is renewed by the external processes that are visible in the visceral facial expressions of the classic Noir protagonist before he executes them. <br /> <br /> This Reflection of a A specific phase in the evolution of the genre is a captivating, wild and dubious film Noir, located in the double-dealing environment of the underworld, where the hero is so alienated that he is always ahead Anger swells and even if he loses it Reasonable resistance, professional principle and ethical boundaries are still a good cop. Preminger only tells a social conscience drama about a corrupt community in the sprawling urban landscape, instead of holding the thriller on Andrews' shoulders, as an existential journey of personal consequences over a man with an Oedipal fixation, who in spite of everything distances himself from the Eternal - shrinking influences the law on his side and an immortal perception of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> The production companies in the early fifties have dealt with the image of the social problem and rather made it "low budget". Threatening low-risk thrillers "evidently in an attempt to escape the accusations of conservative critics and the social business world, but Preminger's inimitable approach has an expressionist self-assurance, giving each scene a sense of everyday drama as the background to the plot He must pull his own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are caricatures or depressing comic reliefs, for which each character believes they are the star, as Karl Malden proves as a mission police inspector and an old waitress at a midday counter It's those who are the stars - Andrews and Gene Tierney, both tormented by their futile attempts to suppress their emotional intensity - who do not want it.
