Otto Preminger, who completed a noir cycle at Twentieth Century Fox, combined his "Laura" leads for this crass, pithy detective drama. Dana Andrews again portrays a policeman, but this time he is hardened, cynical, and has been accused by his supervisor of police brutality - "They do not hate hoods, they like to beat them up!". Mark Dixon (Andrews) despises criminals because his own father was a crook. He does not want to be "Sandy Dixon's kid," so he became a police officer, but his methods are harsh and hated. One night, while investigating a murder, he unknowingly beats a suspect, Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) so bad that it kills him. A shaken Dixon is doing his best to cover it up and intends to call in a hated thug, Scalise (Gary Merrill), for the crime. The blame, however, lies with Paine's father-in-law Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), whose daughter and department store model Morgan Taylor (Tierney) is estranged from her husband but keeps interfering with his gambling plans. Paine had beaten his wife and infuriated her father, who had appeared in his son-in-law's flat, but not until Dixon had gone with the body. Since there are no better suspects, Jiggs is arrested and charged. <br /> <br /> Seeking guilt, Mark gets into Morgan and offers money for a lawyer. He decides to take over Scalise, but leaves a letter to the department in the event of his death, confessing everything. In the end, he can not live with the knowledge he has done, and he allows the letter to be read by his superior and by Morgan. Despite all the tragic circumstances, Morgan professes her love for Mark and will wait for him. <br /> <br /> It was great to find this movie on DVD after being televised for so many years. Eddie Müller, a film noir historian, provides the commentary and does a good job, but I find his claim that the audience did not grasp the importance of filling the two leads, since "Laura" had been made six years earlier. In this regard, he is wrong because they appeared two years before WTSE in "The Iron Curtain" and the film was a box office success. Andrews and Tierney were great together and Ruth Donnelly As restaurant owner Martha, it's a huge comic relief that lures up the flames between detective and lady. <br /> <br /> The nocturnal urban landscapes give the movie a touch of threat. Gary Merrill is great as the low-life scalal who had a criminal past with Dixon's dad ("Your dad liked me," he taunts Mark). Magnificent are also Karl Malden and a young Neville Brand. And Tom Tully is just touching and funny, as Morgan's unjustly accused pop. <br /> <br /> A worth seeing Noir with fantastic cast.
