I'm a big fan of Film Noir and this movie by Otto Preminger is simply one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger has combined two of his stars from the hit "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews - into a completely different crime film. Laura was based on love, and this movie is based on hate. As we watch policeman Detective Mark Dixon, a copper worker who has already been checked by his superiors for his tough tactics, you accidentally kill a suspect and try to commit the murder of a known criminal; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The storyline is outstanding, and Preminger excels at several points of action. But it all comes down to the main moral implications of our main character. The fact that the film plays in the criminal underground means that the story has an excellent base from which to work. Director Otto Preminger captures the slender side of life by showing the main characters how they play (and their wives). , Shooting and more - and this helps to balance the film from the earlier "Laura" who was in the upper class society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the biggest roles interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is hard to like because he is so cold - but the fact that we understand his motives ensures that he is easy to sympathize with and that the audience has the opportunity to face his plight , The character development is good in time and we follow this character and its motivations throughout the movie. Everything makes sense in the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who does not have much to do in this film as in Laura; a film that made Tierney the linchpin. However, she is good with what she has, and the chemistry of the lead duo is excellent. Tierney helps to complete each scene she is in. I can not say that this is a better movie than the previous Laura; This is a hard act, but this film certainly fits better into the formula of Film Noir than Preminger's earlier film. The film is also a good comparison piece for Laura; Pretty much everything in this movie is opposite to the 1944 movie, but everything is strangely familiar. Highly recommended for everyone!
