At first glance, of course, it seems like comparing where the sidewalk ends with Laura. Both have noir qualities, both led by Otto Preminger, and both stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. This is where most comparisons end. Laura has been dealing with noble, clever people whose resources happen to be involved in murder. Where the citizens are in a completely different layer. These are people who hardly have two guys rubbing together and who are more interested in seeing the underworld of society than going to costume parties. Where the sidewalk ends is a murky movie full of desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or another weapon. Little hoods are a dozen dozen, and police routinely make confessions out of the crooks. Being committed to a murder investigation is as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I have not seen all his work yet, Dana Andrews gives one of his best accomplishments the beaten policeman, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He's the kind of cop who's used to roughening the local hood if she gets information or a confession. One night he goes too far and kills a man by mistake. He does his best to cover it up. But it gets complicated when he falls in love with the wife of the dead Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the suspect number one in the murder case. Since Morgan's father meant the world to her, Dixon had to do anything to clear the old man without restricting himself. Technically, where the sidewalk ends. In addition to the terrific performance of Andrews, the film offers the always charming Tierney. It has a quality that makes even the dullest moments seem brighter. The rest of the cast is as solid with Tom Tully as the falsely accused father, who is a real challenger. Beyond acting, direction, sets, lighting and cinematography are top notch. All in all, it's an amazingly well-made movie. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint (and admittedly it's a very, very small mistake), Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its environment. It's a bit hard to believe that such a woman could mingle with some of these unappetizing characters. It's not really her fault, Tierney just comes like that. She looks a bit too pretty, polished and delicate for the role. But her gentle, friendly, and trusting manner adds a sense of necessary realism to her presentation.
