In Where the sidewalk ends, Otto Preminger unites Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, who certainly have the hope to recapture the magic of his Laura. However, they are completely different films playing in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the Noir Universe). A fine gothic mist hovers over the upscale Manhattan of Laura with his erotic obsession and feeble touch of necrophilia; Where The Sidewalk Ends is pure urban soot and rubble that inspires a city full of basements, steam rooms and parking garages. <br /> <br /> But it's just as beautiful a movie as its revered predecessor and colored -wool noir (Laura, on the other hand, was one of the 1944 films that the French refer to as "noir", but always was another clever murder mystery). The daylight comes only in the case of very temporary suffering, and the cameraman Joseph LaShelle uses the streets and brownstones, the docks and the El. This is the quintessential big city - especially Big Apple - noir, as well as some others from the successful 1950 harvest, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> How the movie begins Police officer Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal methods, especially for his vendetta to criminal chief Gary Merrill (who, as we learn, is Andrews' ne-do-well Father was founded). When an Out-of-Towner is stabbed to death in a Merrill-operated manure pummeling, Andrews, the hair trimmer, robs a witness and causes a fatal tear on his skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). , When Andrews realizes that his job is already at stake, he throws the corpse into the river, giving the impression that the suspect has taken powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is no end. The corpse is discovered, his estranged wife turns out to be Tierney, and all the evidence turns to her father (Tom Tully), a hack driver who happened to be on the same streets not just on the night of the murder, but reason enough have his abusive son-in-law dead. But the embittered loner Andrews finds in Tierney a call to his better nature; he tries to relieve her father, while still keeping his own involvement in the dirty business ... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, shows the script for Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht ) his own sharpness (in a second dressing says his superior to Andrews: "Look at you - everything like a barrel house fagot"). But while Laura drew her attention to half a minute of dozen characters, here Andrews is anything but alone (even Tierney's role is far less central than her semi-spectral Laura). And Andrews might never have exceeded his performance here. It is eloquent and taciturn, but never eloquent, as if his face silently records the agony his own tenacity has brought him. He is a pent-up sufferer who can only be released through the safety valve of violence (he even beats his loyal partner Bert Freed). Although he finds too fast a way to salvation by the representation of his beautiful teammate. But that was the style of the time, and a sweetened ending does little to undermine this New York history of violence, corruption, and urban entanglements.
