We are far away from LAURA. Once again, director Otto Preminger, Dana Andrew's stars as a police officer named Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else in WO THE THE SIDEWALK ARISES a popular neat murder mystery. Instead of deliciously quotable dialogues we get grim, shattering realism. While the earlier film was in the sophisticated upper reaches of New York society, we're in a neighborhood of low rents, in dark streets, street lumps, cheap restaurants, and unfriendly apartments. Tierney, as splendid as ever, now works as a mannequin of a department store and lives in Washington Heights (the neighborhood of the "doll" that once got a Lynx from Mark McPherson of LAURA). This time around, Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sadder, rather troubled version of the cool policeman wearing a trench coat. <br /> <br /> WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a subgenre noir, films about police brutality, which focuses on policemen who can not control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas' figure in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his seething contempt for the crooks of his father's criminal past. Where Douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own mistakes, Andrews is burdened with repressed guilt and self-hatred. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions by attempting to castigate a slimy gangster (Gary Merrill) whom he has been following in vain for years. Instead, a friendly taxi driver is suspected because he is the father of the disfigured and abused Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon falls in love with the wife of the man he killed, desperately trying to save her father without giving herself away. <br /> <br /> Among the protagonists of noir, Dana Andrews distinguished this distinction: He could not seem unintelligent. Even if he plays an average Joe, he acts unusually sensitive and empathetic, as he usually did; more than that, his atmosphere, too thoughtful for his own well-being, gives him that agonizing-and haunting-quality that was his essential feature as an actor. He played normal men, policemen and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent, too much to see and to know. His conscientious heroes are characterized by exhaustion, guilt and the inability to "relax". No other actor would have been able to express the filled-in anger, the slow burning pain, and the distressing intelligence of Mark Dixon so well. He also has a muted tenderness, a muted warmth and even funny humor that makes him heartbreaking. That comes out as he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he's a regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man exchanging pretense insults with the waitress whose sarcasm can not hide her affection and concern for him , When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he delivers it, even though they have recently argued, and Dixon threw him a punch. There are no words of loyalty or the knowledge that he is a good guy in the deep, but we see it all in the painful silence of the man and the renunciation of his wife as she hands jewelry to pawns. Dixon's goodness is expressed through the reactions of others to him as well as Andrew's deeply moving performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor star, he could be the epitome of the forties. He goes through some movies that barely take off his coat; With this mid-century boxy silhouette enhanced by the fedora, bourbon glass, and cigarette, which he does not take away from his mouth when he speaks, he is trapped in the masculine ideal of tenacity and passivity. While many noirs romanticize the two-fisted, tough guy, WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers an unflinching portrait of the reality behind the facade, a gripping and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. Andrews was sadly underestimated in his own time (he was the only one of the three protagonists in THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIFE who were not nominated for an Academy Award, though his restrained performance is far more compelling than Frederic March's hammy, an Oscar-winning drunk ). Luckily, Andrews appeared in some of the films that made him immortal, and now this little-known movie that does its best to be seen as part of Fox Film Noir's wonderful movie. This series, including a number of never-before-released titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox may have had the best record of all major studios when it comes to film noir.
