George Cukor conducts this high-quality story of tension in the theater world with his usual, sensitive, but firm touch. Ronald Colman's appearance, which earned him an Oscar, is still up despite some of the strained moments? It's hard to forget his tormented face as he busily deals with social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting sub-texts, and Cukor does a great job of making them clear without forcing too much. The script by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, blending the now rare theatrical world with the rundown street world, using elements from Shakespeare's "King Lear" extensively as a reference to the film's main theme of jealousy and Colman's obsession with identity. <br /> <br /> Some interesting things about this movie? superficially it could be dismissed as too cumbersome treatment of the everyday problems of actors. In other words, if the art of acting requires such a total sublimation of individuality, we would soon have a rash of psycho-methodical actors on the streets. But I do not think that the main concern of this story is acting or the task / art of acting per se. I think Anthony's struggles represent a broader existential issue, a deep-seated uncertainty about identity. I think there is a key in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says that without her inspiration he would never have become a good actor. Elsewhere, he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began with the marriage. I'm not sure what to make of it, but it seems important to me, especially because it's his obsession with him and his jealousy that ultimately trumps him. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony was primarily endangered by a serious relationship. Marriage in the traditional sense implies a "union of the soul". It is unusual that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not unparalleled (Hawks's comedy "His Girl Friday" comes to mind, among other things), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially given that they do not end their romantic breakup. In a way, the film could imply that jealousy is another form of self-love.
