**** SPOILER ALERT **** Throughout Australia, summer turned into a deluge of rain and hailstones the size of baseballs that wreak havoc on coastal cities like Sydney. Under these hectic conditions, tax expert David Burton, Richard Chamberlain, became involved as a defender in a case. It was about the death of an Aboriginal who was found dead outside a bar in Sydney. <br /> <br /> After five Aboriginal people were arrested for Billy Cormans, Athol Compton, the death was determined by the coroner, and Billy died of drowning, not due to violence, although he had bruises on his neck and shoulders would have. However, the court decided to charge the five for his death because he had accused them of manslaughter instead of murder. David, who defends the five, gets no help from them in the defense, as the defendants choose to stay calm and keep what remains Billy is with himself and takes what comes from the court. One of the accused, Chris, David Gulpili, somehow attacks David in dreams, as if to tell him what was really behind Billy's death. David begins by not taking his dreams of Chris seriously that they are real when he meets him in the courthouse. Chris confirms David's dreams by showing him a strange-looking black skirt that David saw in his dreams. Later, he met with Chris and, what turned out to be a Native American shaman, Charlie (Nandjiwarna Amagula), who came to his house that night. David is told that, like Charlie, he has spiritual powers he inherited from his mother's grandfather. These powers will show him the future, which has to do with the strange weather conditions that flood the Australian continent. The earth, Chris says, goes through a gigantic cleansing cycle where the old world is washed away and the new world is ready to take its place. David is confused about both Chris and Charlie. I tell him, but as the rain continues to increase and the ocean waves begin to rise, he feels that something terrible is about to happen. David wants to know if this is all aboriginal folklore, or if scientific backgrounds or logic are behind their end to world-like revelations. <br /> <br /> It is now apparent that both Chris and Charlie are members of a Native American tribe right in the heart of modern Sydney. That alone can let Chris and his four friends get away with the murder of Billy. Since the Australian government will not prosecute Native tribes, justice will be left to the courts. Nevertheless, Chris refuses to admit that he is a member of a native tribe, and he and his four friends are convicted of manslaughter for Billy's death. The verdicts should be sentenced by the judge within a few days. David is determined to find out why Chris silenced and why Billy had to die. Chris is taken to the scene. There, David learns that Billy Chris betrayed tribal members by going there without Billy being a member of the tribe of Aboriginal Chris. David has also revealed that he himself has some sort of spiritual connection with the aboriginal people, as Charlie and his stepfather Rev. Burton, David Parslow, told him. <br /> <br /> The stage is now ready for the great and final cleansing cycle that David has experienced both in his nocturnal dreams and in the daytime visions. It comes in the form of a massive tidal wave from the Pacific Ocean in the Australian coastal city of Sydney and then dives off the entire continent.
