Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has lost his mind and sense of identity. After years of playing many different roles, he can not remember who he is - who his roles are and who the self is. And even more serious he begins to see and hear his game in everyday life. Since he is currently playing in "Othello", he begins to be jealous and suspicious - just like the title character. Ultimately, it takes him to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie years ago and I liked it. I have just seen it again and loved it. Perhaps my enthusiasm may be because I have always liked Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him - and for which he received the Academy Award for Best Actor. If I look at this year's competition (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH PATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice and played a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I noticed that a reviewer hated this movie because he hated Shakespeare - and that cost about half of her reviews when he talked about her aversion to him. However, this movie is not really about Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I wondered about the small parts of the play that Colman re-enacted - though, as I said, I'm NOT a Shakespeare movie. Instead, it's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality. It could have been any play, though "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene - which is later highlighted in the film as real. All in all, a very smart movie with a nice script - with some overtones from Film Noir. Luckily, the show was great as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his role just right). And considering that the great George Cukor directed, it's no wonder it's a wonderful movie from start to finish.
