A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystery among film fans for two reasons: the idea of ​​wrapping an actor in a role (here Othello) so that he picks up on the big mistake of this character and brings it into his life; and that this is the movie that earned Ronald Colman the Academy Award (and the Golden Globe) for Best Actor. Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's biggest role or even his signature? I have my doubts on both levels - but it's one of his best-known roles. Ronald Colman played decent gentlemen most of his career, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He's Bulldog Drummond (tidied up in the Goldwyn production, not to be an arrogant racist) who fights crimes. He's Raffles, the big cricketer and an even bigger burglar trying to exploit his best burglary to save a friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, the great imperial politician who is kidnapped and taken to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar. He manly dies after learning that his masterpiece has been destroyed and he knows he is now blind and useless. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is unconsciously vicious - he murders one person and kills nearly two others. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is antisocial. <br /> <br /> For me Colman should have got the Oscar for Heldar or Carton or Conway - all typical for his acting roles. However, the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles for awarding its treasure to its leading members. Anthony John from Colman is a very good performer and at one point really scary. When she's alone with Signe Hasso, she's up on the stairs and downstairs, they have a fight. She demands that "Tony" leaves and says that she will not see him. He stares at her, his face hardening in a way he has never used before, and he said, "Oh no, you will not!" He moves upstairs, scares Hasso and she runs to her room. He stops and leaves. It is indeed the real highlight of his performance - even more than his attack on Hasso on stage or Edmond O'Brien or his killing of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind rage. For that moment, it was (for me) an Oscar-worthy performance. But it's just this moment. I'm glad he was accepted for the role, but he should have received the award for more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His actual performance in the Shakespeare role of Othello is not great, but bearable. Too often he lets the dialogue roll off his tongue in a kind of forced vocal style (one wonders if this is due to the coaching of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role properly, or a reaction to it). "Othello" is nowadays more often played by an African-American actor than by a white one. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance in this role firmly established this new tradition. However, the three best-known film appearances of this role are those of Colman, Orson Welles in his film by OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his film of his play production by OTHELLO. All three white actors played the role in the black face. My personal favorite of the three is Welles, who seems the most subtle. But even if I look at Welles' fine film version, I'm angry that Robeson could never put his performance (with Jose Ferrer as Iago) on the film. Now the first question is - can an actor wrap that up? I heard several things about it. Some actors have admitted to have taken a role with them from the theater or in the movie. Others have found a role that they need to stimulate, giving them new ways to act in terms of their lives or an aspect of life. But actually I have never heard of someone who became murderous as a result of a role. It seems to be a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. In fact, in 1947, it was not a new idea with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, had used a "B" movie in 1944. He had used a similar conspiracy of an actor playing a notorious "Jack the Ripper" type and who is committing these kinds of killings after an accident. In the thirties, there was an earlier movie in which an actor playing Othello is jealous of his wife (I think the title was MEN ARE NOT GODS, but I'm not sure). Because of Colman's name and career and the direction of Cukor, it is a DOUBLE LIFE that people think of when they remember this plotting idea. It even reached a comedy (finally) in an episode of CHEERS in which Diane Chambers helps a former convict who has an acting talent, and they set OTHELLO up at the bar shortly after seeing her kissing with Sam Malone. Only Diane is aware of the personality problem of the former convict and can not delay production long enough (she tries to start a discussion on the history and symbolism of the game). <br /> <br /> The cast of A DOUBLE LIFE was first-rate and Cukor's direction was as safe as ever. The movie is definitely worth seeing. Although he gave Colman an interestingly different role, it was not his best work on the screen.
