This two-part TV mini-series is not as good as the original from 1966, but solid. The original benefited from a variety of things - it was all in black and white, it had a great jazz score and it was shot in the right places, including the home of the damned clutter family. That was important, because in the book and in the original film, the home itself is a figure. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada, which is probably okay for Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as she dares, and Eric Roberts plays him as a coward, his homosexuality barely hidden. However, Roberts' softer attitude does not quite work out in the end, because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would finally explode in a murder convulsion. While Robert Blake's stance on Smith left no doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. Anthony Edwards was honored as a bombastic, loud-mouthed, and ultimately cowardly Dick Hickcock, the head of the outfit. His performance compares very well with Scott Wilson's role in the original film. <br /> <br /> Being a longer film, it leaves more time for the development of the Clutter family, and in this context, I believe that the 1996 film has an advantage. The Clutters are just an excellent, decent family. They have never harmed another soul, and it is simply inexplicable that such a decent family will eventually be massacred in such a terrible way. It still confuses me that Herb Clutter was not forced out the window after the clutters were locked in the bathroom so at least his kids had a chance to escape. The thought comes to mind in this film, but too late. From what I've read about the real home that still stands, the way the bathroom is set up, they could have opened the drawers of the counters and effectively locked the door, which would have forced the killers to find their way to blaze. I bought time for some of the clutters to escape. Why the clutters did not try that, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will realize that this film has a lot of freedom in how the crime is committed, but not too seriously. For viewers like me, who have read tons of the case, but it distracts. The actors who play the cops, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are consistently excellent, much better, I think, as a group than the actors in the original film. They know that in order to secure the noose around their necks, they must make them confess. And the officers come perfectly prepared for the interview. They had already discovered the probable alibi, the wrong story when they went to Fort Scott, and had unmasked a lot of it. The officers then let Smith & Hickcock fall into their trap. Hickcock is a b.s. Artist who believes he can convince anyone of anything, and the officers respectfully let him tell his cover story. But as they lower the boom on him, he breaks very fast. It's very well filmed, played and very enjoyable, because of course the viewer should detest Hickcock especially at this point, a cowardly madman who needs the easily manipulated Smith to kill him. Allegedly, Hickcock later claimed that the real reason for the crime was not to steal the Clutter's money, but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was spared this degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors who play clutters are very good, especially Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter. The story is sensitively concerned with Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, most likely with clinical depression, and Mrs. Clutter shows remarkable inner strength when she firmly and strongly demands that the killers leave her daughter alone. From what I read, the Clutters' surviving family was particularly disturbed by how Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming it was completely untrue. But by the way, both killers told the police how Mr. Clutter asked them not to disturb his wife because of her long illness. Capote could make out this fiction to make the character of Bonnie more interesting, but surely the killers had no reason to misrepresent Mrs. Clutter, and no doubt much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) is directly related to the recorded confessions from the killers. So it would have been nonsensical if Herb had said that and it was not true.
