Like others, I have seen and studied most of Clutter Killing's books and films, including some dramatic works based on the deeds and psycho-mythology of the participants in the crime, including Capote himself. I can tell him about Capote do not forgive that he deliberately withheld Perry Smith's confessions, intimacies, and writings from even the defenders. I believe truths and facts reserved by Capote for his "book," which required two sentences for Capote and the death penalty, would almost certainly have given Perry Smith a successful insanity defense even under the old McNaughton rule Never write another significant literary work after "In Cold Blood." Shame and Guilt In my opinion, he willingly encouraged and planned the brutal death penalty to create the spectacular ending he needed for his book / drama Men were dying for his book to succeed, and the book had to justify its being the horror of capital punishment, and his actions and silence assured this icy conclusion Capote's book is not the truth It's neither factual nor journalistic It's drama and melodrama, seasoned with its own creative-psychotic imagination. What most people do The virtues of the contemporary first film are stark images of Capote's mind, perhaps the cold-blooded aspect of all. No wonder, the audience ironic, but prefer Blake's performance. This actor is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest ideas. So who should say how to play the two murderers? Who should assess what excessive courtesy and kindness could make a "basically poetic" psychotic snapshot to kill "doing now"? I agree with the few who see a great performance in Eric Roberts work, Shakespearean in his reach but played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards uses a much safer "setting mode" to create a smarmy hickok. But he is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few tones in his television area. Roberts is almost four-dimensional and adds physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body, a Frankenstein creature that thinks in poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do. Like Leopold apropos Loeb, Roberts Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with a bad man. Without Hickok or a man of his peculiarities, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horror. He is more afraid than anything he fears. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom of Capote to get a grip on the clutter murders, Roberts and Edwards can create original personalities and psychoses to create something different and re-create the drama. The same facts, some of the same lines from the case report, but deeper, more complex, with clearly titanic-psychotic strains - Roberts is so well in that fluid madness that he demonstrates in every moment, physically and in the face, how little consciousness he has where or who he is. <br /> <br /> What many of our reviewers of this film, especially Roberts, do not like is that cold-blooded killing is not shown as they were expected and manipulated to demand. That's because here we see a far more realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. The actual cold-blooded murderer, Mr. Capote and His hypocritical artistic "non-fiction novel" has no influence on these interpretations and performances. <br /> <br /> If "In Cold Blood" and Capote's influence on life, literature, and truth are as important as scholars say, then it takes courage and talent to portray the truth, or a version of the truth that is not the rank, the cowardly lie that has arisen from the abysses of Capote's own abyss.
