I'm from Sweden and I just saw this movie and I thought it was okay. I've seen a lot of bad comments, but you have to keep in mind that many people watching this two-part miniseries are around the world, not just in the US. Also keep in mind that not everyone has ever heard of the movie that was filmed in the 1960s, and maybe not in the events (murders). And even more ... that finding the original film can be difficult, and if so, there are always people who do not like black and white films. He feels fresh and colorful and will find his audience. It is now 12 years old, but I have just seen it for the first time. I'll try to find the first one if I compare them, but I have not seen them anywhere in Sweden. Of course there is internet, but for no one in the world. The thing here is that this is largely part of an American crime story and was only big in the US in the 50-60s, but in the rest of the world it's just over, I think. Well, it has been told for a while, but 40 years later, for example, it will disappear in Europe as time goes by. We had our own problems and crimes. So, if someone makes a remake of the movie and brings it back to light, that's not a bad idea. A new generation can take part in this terrible story and even the movie about Capote, which was released several years ago and which was also a pretty good movie, I think. It will arouse interest in the events that took place about 50 years ago and may prevent them from falling asleep. It started me and now I'm looking for the Robert Blake version, so it was not that bad ... huh? These are my opinions. Some people will of course disagree, but hey ... it's okay. Sometimes it's okay to do remakes on old films. The old ones are not always that good. The techniques of filmmaking have evolved a lot and scenes can be made more realistic today. It's always a question of money, of course. There were so many films made in the "good old days", but they also lacked money, bad directors and so on, and they're being rebuilt today (50 years later) and suddenly they're good at watching. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can not say that I was impressed by the so-called good old days. Most of them set you cold in the dustbin directly. They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies, could not move ... like brain dead. I can not recommend it to anyone. I've seen some of them remakes and I remember that I liked them ... but not the originals. They were just terribly terrible. This is like the old story of who the best Bond was ... Moore or Connery ... I think when you see Roger Moore first, you may find him the one you can trust or like ... Thanks for me and i am sorry my english is not that good. / Lars from Sweden
