I found this family movie enjoyable and enjoyable, even though I'm not a kid. It is based on the concept of a high school lady, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), who discovers that the elevator in her upper class apartment building becomes a time machine, with a key on a key ring she has received from a blind scientist in the elevator lock is turned. She learns to control the machine (with some uncertainty about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The film is not a serious science-fiction work. They must ignore the usual instability paradox associated with changing the past through time travel, that is, changing the past to prevent the Walker family of 1881 from becoming poor. The change, however, means that the family has never been in financial trouble, so Victoria would not do that. I told Susan about her mother's financial problems, which means that Susan had no reason to change the past at all. But other than that, there are some nice details in the story, such as the old elevator cladding found in the woman's apartment, which secretly invented and installed the time machine without having room for the lock that activates the time machine function. As in many children's stories, we must also assume that a child does not share surprising information about a time traveler with a parent or other adult, but instead obscures the time traveler. <br /> <br /> It also requires a disregard for some poorly staged scenes and uninspired performances by some adult actors. (The child actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their roles.) In a scene in the 1300s, the Native Americans noticed Susan watching and photographing them. Surprising is the sudden appearance of this blonde, white-skinned girl in a strange dress. Their answer is to just stop what they are doing and calmly approach Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother carries a baby who is said to be a baby, but it is obviously a doll (the white skin and the head flutters around). Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who was originally the actor Famous was the old "Thirty Something" of TV with a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes listless performance. In the other extremity, Michel Perron praises himself as an Italian construction superintendent (janitor), as does Richard Jutras in his role as a curious neighbor. (The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suspect these issues are either the director's fault or a low budget. <br /> <Despite these shortcomings, I recommend the movie for children. In addition to the interesting history, it also has some pedagogical value as it shows how much technology and social norms have changed in just over 100 years.
