Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer based in Sydney, Australia, involved in a murder investigation in the defense of five Aborigines accused of murdering a fellow citizen in Peter Weir's apocalyptic thriller The Last Wave (1977). At the point where Picnic at Hanging Rock left off, the film goes deeper into the exploration of the unknown, showing the gap between two cultures that live side by side, but have no understanding of each other's culture and traditions. Weir shows how white society considers native beliefs to be primitive superstitions, and believes that their tribal laws and culture are no longer valid as they live and "domesticate" in the cities. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton has been drawn deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols that blur the line between real time and "dreamtime." Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence, in which a sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupt a peaceful school break, and Burton's discovery that his bathtub overflows and that water runs down his steps. As the violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud from the sky, the contrast between the simple scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives becomes clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books on the indigenous people and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil), to dinner for dinner, he is worried when he is being investigated by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), a puzzling Aboriginal wizard. As Burton's investigations continue, his clients are complicating his work by refusing to disclose the true events surrounding the murder. After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the Aborigine was killed in a tribal member's ritual because "he has seen too much," although Chris does not want to acknowledge this in court. Burton, increasingly plagued by a riddle he can not decipher, tells his stepfather-priest, "Why did not you tell me there are puzzles?" This is a legitimate question, but according to the Reverend the Church answers all secrets. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enters the subterranean caves of the tribes. Although we do not know exactly what is real and what a dream is, he encounters his deepest fears in a haunting climax that lets you think about its meaning in the wee hours of the morning. <br /> <br In this time of history, when indigenous Hopi and Mayan prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of man leading to the Fifth World, The Last Wave, though 25 years old, is still up to date. The Aborigines are portrayed as a living culture, not one that is wholly subjugated by the whites, but I am concerned about the gnawing feeling we are looking into but not quite seeing. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that is beyond our consensual view of reality, but it perpetuates destiny, which sees only the possibility of fear and reveals nature as a dark and uncontrollable force without any reference to living spiritual beauty both sides of time.
