John Cassavetes' 1977 film Opening Night is what critics usually refer to as the work of such an important artist as "overlooked." It's an awesome movie in its own right and one of the best portraits of a mid-life crisis ever made. It's not a perfect movie, because at two hours and twenty-four minutes it's about half an hour too long, and the drunkenness of the main character, Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, the wife of Cassavetes, is a bit too much emphasis, long after we understand the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece Another Woman, in which Rowlands also played eleven years later, is a better portrait of the inner conflicts of an aging woman. Rowlands, however, won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this performance, and this was earned. Often this film written by Cassavetes is easy to compare to his earlier and inferior movie "A Woman Under the Influence", but it's a fake comparison. Rowlands 'character in this film has been severely mentally disturbed right from the beginning and comes from the background of the workers' union. Her characters in this film and in Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by apparitions. In this film, it is the spirit of a dead young woman who can be considered Myrtle's younger doppelganger, while in Allen's film it is her past. Many critics have seen this film as a portrait of an alcoholic who sees Myrtle surrounded by enablers, such as a stage manager who tells her during the opening night, "I have seen many drunks in my time, but I" I've never seen anyone who is as drunk as you who got up. You are great! "But that's wrong, because alcohol is not their problem, nor does their chain smoke. They are merely distractions from anything that really forces them to their own ruin, and much to Cassavete's merit. As a storyteller, he never lets us find out exactly what's going on with Myrtle, and although she comes through in the end, there's no reason to expect her to have really resolved any consequence. This kind of end without resolution connects Cassavetes directly with the most daring European directors of the recent past, who made it comfortable not to reveal everything to the public and force their viewers to make decisions, even if it hurt. <br />> However, the film recapitulates perfectly the effect of a drunk or a fever out of the fog, and as such, the viewer is subconsciously entangled in his drama again. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers or not, after the film's universe has irises about her, every viewer must decide, and as we've already seen, the lid closes, the decisions matter.
