When I saw John Cassavete's film Opening Night, I remembered something that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experiences as an art or drama artist. He referred to an example, for example, if he ran into a dog to play in a play, that it would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him and that he undoubtedly would have had that experience even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help but think of his words when I saw Gena Rowland's character Myrtle Gordon going through a very similar scenario for almost a week or so. Of course, Cassavete's film is about more, because it's about how the theater works around a star actress, what emotion and human nature mean when you play a character, and how you live when you have everyone (like Myrtle Gordon)) is the theater. <br /> <br /> Shortly before the film opens, after finishing a performance, Myrtle signs autographs, and such a fan named Nancy meets her favorite star and pours Myrtle's heart out. It's a touching little moment, but it does not take long for her to get in the car (pouring rain and everything). She watches with horror as the girl who was standing next to the car while driving off is hit by another car in a car accident. She is not sure what really happened, but then learns the next day that the girl actually died of the hit. From then on, she is somehow astonished, even if she thinks it's out of her system. This is at first apparent in a small way, as when she rehearses a scene with her fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and apparently can not bear to be hit - she makes it to the lack of depth of the character (the writer: "What do you think the game is missing? "" Hope, "says Myrtle) - but then Nancy appears, a phenomenon that Myrtle seems all too real, until she suddenly disappears. Cassavetes is, as in the past films, a search for what it means to have emotion, to really feel about something and to feel it or the absence of it and how it affects other people around the person. This is not exactly new territory for Rowlands, who had previously played a woman on the edge of himself in Woman Under the Influence (in this case because of alcohol), and for Costar Ben Gazzara, who had just starred, no alien in killing one Chinese bookie. But the actors express everything essential in every scene; Cassavetes does not tell them how to get from A to B in a scene, and he does not need it. In a Cassavetes film, there is a mood that trumps the sometimes rough camera work. You know, for example, Myrtle should somehow be satisfied, even if it's not about the plot. But she is persecuted and dissatisfied with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the game ("Aging, who's going to see that?" She asks the playwright), and it's starting to affect the people around her as well. <br /> <br /> The question will soon be gone. A conventional playwright would make the conflict: "Will she be able to go on stage, will the show go on?" This is not important to Cassavetes, even if it is there, as well as the question: will she be okay? Perhaps through a grueling game like "The Second Woman", she might help to work out her personal demons and lose them from losing reality (see Sara and attack her in front of strangers, who wonders, what the hell is going on) is)? Or will the piece's lack of hope burden her with anything else? The depths that characterize Rowlands are intense and shocking, and are expected to be no more boring than Woman Under the Influence. If anything, it is as good as the movie if you honestly talk about one person in this profession. Accordingly, the other performances from Gazarra to Nancy, played by a subtle Laura Johnson, are also true. Cassavete's answers to his own questions are not easy. <br /> <br /> <br /> One of the thrill of the Opening Night, along with great actors playing an amazing script, is to see Cassavetes doing the theater the way he does. We see the play performed - and it seems to be a real game - and we only know a little bit what it's about. When we see the performers they perform on stage, the relationship between what happens to the melodrama (relationship creeping and affairs and occasional beatings and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the performers fluctuates and wavers. I wondered how much was really improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle starts to mess up, or is completely destroyed at the height of climax. He's also on stage, so it must have been something for her to clear that up and let it happen. <br /> <br /> It's weird, startling, deterrent and sit-on stuff, some of the best theatrical-on-film scenes ever inserted into a movie, and we see the lines between actors on stage, actors on film , Actor with actor, wonderfully blurred. Opening Night is a powerful drama full of open words about death and madness, reality and fiction, where is the love between people, and what does "acting" mean after all?
