Once, Pauline Kael, never a fan, suggested that Cassavetes thought not as a director but as an actor. What Kael meant was his supposed lack of sophistication as a filmmaker; To put this comparison even further, it never feels like Cassavetes aligning himself in a movie. It feels like Cassavetes, like Orson Welles, implanted in his own creation. Cassavetes is as much a genius as Welles, but much more important than a true artist (as opposed to a technician or rhetorician). This is like a mixture of Italian passion (although Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before had inner demons been so physically exposed. <br /> <br /> It's about the mystery of becoming, acting and acting. Like a ghostly Skip James record, there are echoes of ghosts everywhere. Rowland's breakdowns, which are astonishing and almost operational and surprisingly come from Cassavetes, are accompanied by a troubled, disturbing piano. Who is the dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless and it's amazing to find such a thing in a Cassavetes movie, just the obvious depiction of intelligence (there's also a short speech at the beginning). But he was always intelligent, he just did not beat it, just to praise. This is not an "adaptation"; Here, reality and fiction are not mixed with drama, but show the inner turmoil and confusion that results. <br /> <br /> There is so much going on. Pure, joyous love when Rowlands greets her doorman; the horror of defeating herself ... The scene in which the girl talks about how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations to understanding what it means to be a fan of to be somebody. Some roots are borrowed in "One Star is Born" and Almodovar for "All About My Mother". I think the end is a bit disappointing because of the laughing fits, but the preparation that leads to it is almost sick. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point in the movie.) <br /> <br /> It's a living, breathing thing, and it feels like it Process: it can go in any direction at any time. Like "Taste of Cherry," we are reminded that "you must never forget that this is just a game." But it's dangerous: if Rowlands says that line, is it a big drama? How will the audience accept it? Is she reflexive or is she just not interested? The breakdown of their characters is included in the performances, and ultimately in the movie, as if you were watching a female James Dean. 10/10
