Yesterday I went to the monthly Antique Flea Market, which comes to the city. I really have no interest in such things, but I have chosen the community of friends who have such an interest. I looked over the hundreds of vendors and overtook many quickly. I saw someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he had on DVD were pretty new; The oldest I noticed was the 19ary Cary Grant-Irene Dunne co-star MY FAVORITE WIFE. The VHS cassettes, however, were mostly older films. I could not resist buying anything as they were sold on three volumes for $ 10.00. What a bargain, as Eddie Murphy said. I came across a movie that I had heard of for years but had never seen before: John Cassavette's OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I definitely wanted him to be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I had heard that this movie was one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I had seen that about 20 years ago, a time when I probably did not have enough life experience to thoroughly appreciate it. And I wanted to take advantage of the bargain, so I bought this as well. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to put aside the work I had planned to see OPENING NIGHT. I was so excited about this movie. She focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous stage and screen actress who has personal and professional issues during on-site previews, both with her character and with the theme of the game countering aging. After a rehearsal an enthusiastic fan and autograph dog with screams (and tears) of "I love you, I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. Here begins Myrtle's descent into herself, where she has to face her own fears of aging, the future of her career as a mature actress and the shortcomings she finds in the play itself (written by a much older playwright, played by Joan Blondell) , Throughout the film, she sees the dead girl, an obvious symbol of her past; drinks almost constantly; and receives dishonest support from their director (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), their costar (John Cassavettes himself) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how their behavior will affect them and their careers: flashing lines on the stage, improvising new lines, generally breaking up on stage, and drunk on the Broadway opening. <br /> <br /> This story is not only intended to address the issues of aging, but also to promote Cassavette's reluctance to engage in mainstream filmmaking. When I saw the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, pejorative, but ultimately involved, entertained, and content. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, it was very important to them that their listeners understood what he meant and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He makes allusions to ALL ABOUT EVE with the dedication of an enthusiastic theater fanatics and even pulls the young girl into a slimming suit and hat similar to what Anne Baxter wore at the beginning of this movie. This allusion most obviously supports his aging theme, the contrast of the older and younger woman. Obviously, he also uses the contrast as a symbol that Myrtle is confronted with her own lost youth. At first I felt that the symbolism was too obvious, but then I realized that this was the intention of Cassavettes. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he wants out; If this were the case, it would affect their emotional involvement. This ghost of youth pursues Myrtle, attacks and destroys it. At some point, Myrtle "kills" her, but before she can really come to terms with the play, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). Cassavettes got her so drunk that she can not walk and crawl into her dressing room the night the Broadway begins. It awakens itself again (it is important to get out of such situations is important to the theme of the film) and makes the game a success by giving a great performance and changing the direction of the game for the better by playing improvised so that it contains a glimmer of hope for the cinema age character plays it. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually played in front of live viewers who did not know they were going to be part of a movie. The game they play also acts as a contrast: it is mainstream and self-serious about the themes it addresses, that is, until Myrtle changes its resolution. In this way she also improves the work of her co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and between people, subjective realism, and universal truth - that was Cassavette's concern to make films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is always amazing. Of course, she has that great face, and Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her whole marriage) treats us to lots of close-ups, so we too can feel her emotions and know what's going on inside her. She makes sure that you care so much about this character that you want to work her out of this crisis of the soul. And that is what keeps your attention for the duration of 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film is intentionally varied and requires constant attention, but those who are interested in good filmmaking and good acting will be rewarded. Someone else has said that this is a movie for people who love movies. All others are forewarned. <br /> <br /> Look for OPENING NIGHT if you have never seen it before. Everyone is excellent and it's one of Cassavettes best movies.
