*** from **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is a kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Notice? The 1993 film starring Brad Pitt as a serial killer, who is "greeted" by some travelers on a trip to California as a buddy who may well be a good company on the way. When I watch a movie, I still do not want to know about the plot before I look at it, because the surprises get even cooler. So it was with California. When I saw it for the first time last year, I never realized it was an exciting movie. When I found out, I was shocked and as the movie kept going it got even better and I was on the edge of My seat, almost kissing my monitor, it was so close to me! So we're discussing Dressed To Kill, right? Before I saw this movie (today!), I only saw two other Brian De Palma films. So I can say that I do not really know his works well, but I can see from afar that these two films were as big as they could be for me. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I saw Carrie on TV, I was so desperate to get a DVD copy, and I can say, this movie is great! Mission: Impossible too. And today I saw a third movie by DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the movie is running, it looks completely different than you would expect. Very curious, I watched the scene of the museum where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his taxi and ends them together in a living room. You can guess what happened there. However, when the film reached the scene of the elevator, he went completely different. I saw the rest of the movie and I really liked it. However, there are some weak points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum landscape. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! It was totally ridiculous and certainly something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie nearly as well as a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what is going on in the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, pulls her into the taxi and they begin to kiss. You know, it reminded me of the 1970s Mexican TV series "El Chavo Del 8," in which some characters are completely silent. When you get past these low points of the movie, it's actually a great movie considering the excitement, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Detective Marino! Reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same kind of character. <br /> <br /> Well, at the end of this review, the end of Dressed To Kill is the same as in Carrie! I do not know if I really liked that because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma movie, so it's not an imitation, because it was his idea! But it was a recurring idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something other than awaken Nancy Allen from a bad dream, just as Amy Irving did in Carrie's final scene. This was, of course, another low point. But if you leave that behind, you'll find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie, and I assure you that it's not a waste of time watching it.
