"Dressed to Kill" is the best film by Brian DePalma, an exciting journey of excitement, humor and style that is unrivaled to this day. DePalma has a bum-rap in Hollywood, as most people say he's tearing down Alfred Hitchcock. He does not. Hitchcock could only dream what DePalma shows in his thrillers. Unfortunately, the original unabridged version of "Dressed to Kill" is no longer available on video. The copy currently published by Goodtimes is the R-rated section approved by Jack Valenti. However, there are still some copies of DePalma's original cut. It is the product distributed by Warner Home Video, both in a green box with Angie Dickinson on the cover and in a black shell with the theatrical poster on silver lining. You will receive these if you can find a copy. I have the green and belong to my precious possessions. Anyway, back to history. Dickinson plays Kate Miller, a sexually frustrated woman whom Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) is treated for her obsessive fantasies. During a trip to the museum (a real tour de force for DePalma in terms of camera work and suspense), Miller is picked up by a stranger. You can guess pretty much what's going on with it, since the advertising and the box art reveal the story. There are, however, some complications. A hooker (Nancy Allen) is the only witness of the murder. Kate Miller's son Peter (Keith Gordon) is a brilliant teenager determined to solve the crime. And Dr. Elliotts answering machine has a specific message ... about a missing razor ... <br /> <br /> I do not spoil the movie for you at all, because what I've described above takes place inside the first half hour and the biggest surprises of DePalma are reserved for the last hour. However, this film is clear enough for Valenti (head of the MPAA) to demand cuts in the film. What surprised me are the cuts he wanted. Several cuts in the opening shower scene and one or two slash scenes and some dialogues by Nancy Allen (Valenti wanted the "tail" changed to "vault"). This is a movie that is very violent and bloody, but the objections to the sexual content are. I would like to hear Valenti's explanation of how two women in a tender love scene in "Lost and Delirious" can be seen is somehow more damaging to a young mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger, who blows people away with a chain-gun. It's just not fair. <br /> <br /> What makes "Dressed to Kill" so good is that not only are the technical credits top-notch, but the benefits are also very good. Michael Caine, who had a lot of crap at the time, does one of his best things as a doctor. Angie Dickinson is better than usual, possibly because she plays a strong role here. Nancy Allen adds this to her range of services, which has made her one of the most underrated and overlooked actresses in the world. Keith Gordon is wonderful as a genius and I loved all these inventions. DePalma is one of our best directors who has never received the recognition he deserves. The latest joke of the AFI 100 Best Thriller list has shown that few know what a thriller is. If they actually opened their eyes, they would see that DePalma has set his career in thriller and is actually the best craftsman. That's even better than "psycho". It's a shame that only a few really know that. <br /> <br /> **** of 4 stars
