I was just finished dressing Dressed to Kill, written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" rated version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. Since I have not seen the "R" rating yet, I'm not sure of the difference. There is, however, a very graphic feminine nudity that contains a scene of explicit masturbation in this version. I think you could call this scene a softcore porno. What may offend you, I would suggest that you watch the "R" rated version. But I digress. Every comment from here refers to the unrated version. This is a murder mystery / psychological horror / suspense movie blood. There is, however, a death sequence. The killing itself is pretty graphic. But even if the blood itself does not look real. It reminds of what a 70s Slasher movie would look like. I think this is intentionally done to compensate for the violence of the act itself, to give the scene a lo the budget feel. Most violence, or rather the possibility of such, is implied. The movie is very well developed. As far as I can tell, every scene has a purpose that I find very rare compared to many of today's films. I also thought the acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. And Michael Cane's role is a quiet, opaque performance that works well in this case. The movie also has a big turn in my eyes, though some people might find it predictable. The only complaint (and it's really more of an observation) is that I thought the character Nancy Allen played could have been more mature, especially considering that she has a good deal of screen time. But I think she does a good job with what she gets. And that does not really diminish the quality of the movie. The film also has a strong moral that is even more relevant today. But the film does not do it I have the music composed by Pino Dinaggioi, very well integrated with the music in the original psycho music. This music really has raised the movie for me. I thought the movie was brilliant. Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10 for me
