May contain minor spoilage. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill, having recently seen it for the first time, is a movie with great sequences, some decent performances and a nice, if obvious, hitchcock rip-off. Plot twist at the end. It's just too bad, certain things, quite obviously, prevent it from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill deals with the mystery of a murderer who killed at least two women (could have been more than the movie never tells us) and the search for the murderer by three people: a clever child whose mother was a victim, a vivacious whore whose only person can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of the slain child who was killed. There are a number of successful performances, including Nancy Allen as hooker Liz, Angie Dickenson as a sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller and Micheal Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot, who has hidden more than at first sight. But by no standard is anyone really outstanding. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who was later to be a great character in the NYPD Blue hit series, is embarrassed for an exaggerated, reckless, hated detective, though he needs little screen time to not hurt the movie so much. Keith Gordon, the head kid, is decent, but it's almost too clever to be really credible. <br /> <br /> What bothers me most in this movie is the tense sequences. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother in the museum is captivating and well done, as well as the later sequence that led to her premature death. I also love the order in the doctor's office that reveals the identity of the killer, bringing the entire movie together at once. And there's a split-screen scene that I thought was almost classic. Nevertheless, there is another situation in which Liz is on a train and running in front of the killer, who will end up in directions he never had with embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller it is tense and often believable. As a crime play, it often wavers, especially with the incomplete, ridiculous explanation of everything that has happened in the end. There is also an unnecessary and far too long dream sequence at the end where they had the audacity to shoot somebody on foot, it seemed. This was an up and down experience. One scene would captivate me with heart and mind, and the next one would wind me and ask why. With more than 100 minutes, this could have been under 90 and been a better movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should like this movie. It's still a better movie than most Slasher movies today. Maybe it was a better movie at the time, but after seeing him recently, I can say that I enjoy it, and it's worth it for my three favorite scenes alone.
