Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson), who has a sexually explicit nightmare. Later that day, she visits her psychiatrist. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session in which she admits that she is sexually frustrated and unfulfilled in her current state of marriage. Kate then visits a museum and picks up a stranger. They go back to his apartment to have sex. When she's done, Kate is abandoned, but in the elevator of a building she is attacked and killed by a razorblade with a blond woman. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the cruel scene and sees the killer, but can escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects Liz is the killer since there are no other witnesses. So, Liz works with Kate's son, Peter (Keith Gordon), to find the real killer, clarify Liz's name, and see that justice is done. <br /> <br /> Writer & Director: Brian De Palma I thought Dressed to Kill was a good psychological murder mystery. The script is at times measured & slow, but it likes to focus on the characters, so you really know them. The entire first twenty minutes only develop Kate as a character before she is suddenly killed. Then the movie turns its attention to Liz & nobody else gets a glimpse. In this way Dressed to Kill is quite exciting and captivating, the characters themselves are unfortunately not exactly likeable. I sometimes found some of the dialogue quite funny, especially the dirty talk that Liz occasionally spits out. The killer's motives are reasonably plausible, but I think you would have to be pretty screwed up to do anything that's suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it did not upset me so much and I really did not find a character that I like to feel like. The film picks up on an unnecessary and unnecessary spin ending that I did not really understand. <br /> <br /> Director De Palma conducts with style and visual flair, from the art museum sequel to the chase altogether it is filmed perfectly. I could imagine that every shot in Dressed to Kill had a great train of thought. I thought the movie was a bit flat and a bit uninspired, none of that really got me so excited. There is a lot of nudity, some sex and rape together with a few chunks and violence. Kills murder by razor blade in the elevator is the highlight, if the right word. However, it is by no means so shocking or controversial, if you look at it today, how many would believe. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill has the brilliant high production value of a Hollywood movie. The New York locations are beautiful, the cinematography is good and overall very well done. I found the music inappropriate and way too loud and intrusive. The acting is fine, but despite his top-billing, I did not think Caine had so much time on the screen. By the time Dressed to Kill was filmed, Allen was married to director De Palma. Interestingly enough, she was from four films she used as a prostitute in two of De Palma's films, This & Blow Out (1981). A body double was used for Dickinson when she was having a good time in the shower. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a good thriller worth seeing, but I do not think he did it quite well, it's a high reputation. Good but not awesome.
