Understandably, Dressed to Kill made a splash when first released in 1980: they had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic when Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife in the wrong museums after good times Nancy Allen as a call girl, Michael Caine as a sophisticated New York cousin by Norman Bates, and enough snapshots to shoot two films of the time, are a bit less by standards and standards burdensome, though the unrated has some of the "hottest" content of De Palmas' films, at least in its quasi-auteur period of the '70s and early' 80s, where he seemed to repeat seemingly recurrent themes, ideas shared by the Hitchcock And a shabby upliftment, it's a simple story some have already seen in Sisters, and then to some extent in Body Double and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays call girl Liz Blake, who has to clarify her name for the killing of Kate (Dickinson, in "MILF" mode) after being hit with a razor, the murder weapon from Dr. Ing. Elliott's office (Michael Caine) was found, stone cold performance). <br /> <br /> From the beginning De Palma seems to be a way to build a dangerous sexual fantasy scene to scale Carrie's opening scene (which he may just be editing), we get a bunch of technical knock-out Turning through the standpoint of the style itself: the tracking shots in the museum are meant to arouse the fascination of the process of following oneself and following it, as some kind of tension; The chase through the subway (a precursor to the Carlito's Way) is done with some amount of tension, while the black band uses a bit of exploit bit. the character of Peter, Kate's son (Keith Gordon), who essentially plays a younger version of the real life of De Palma (scientific geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all entertaining and captivating like a thing that comes close to a real synthesis, which makes De Palma's thriller so unique while remaining so self-assuredly untouched by a fearless attitude of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this same self-esteem has been biting the director a couple of times in the last few years, and somehow Dressed to Kill is starting to become very unpredictable and disappointing as the story concludes got to. As the psycho-issues get even more obvious (a man who wants a sex change does not think he kills because he * she * does), there is an exposure scene in the police station that does the aforementioned Hitch movie looks like an amazing psychological revelation. And the closing scenes in Peter's house, recalling a more painful sequence in Carrie, are meant for manipulation that even De Palma requires; especially the last shot, albeit a masterclass, how to copy yourself. Nevertheless, in the madhouse, in the midst of this confused denouement, there is a very confused and inherently perfect scene in which the doctor works on a nurse to whom all the other inmates behave like animals in a zoo and an overhead, the ups and downs of the scene one of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever recorded in the film. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, until Then it's a remarkable piece of pulp cinema, where lessons in technical aspects (soft light, intricate camera movements that are so easy around), surrounded by motifs that can be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents. It's not a masterpiece, but I would certainly do it every day before most of the director's thrillers.
