In France, it is considered polite of French critics to understand the seemingly coherent film chain left by Brian De Palma. However, much of his films are adversely affected by the bombastic effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983), without indicating his borrowings from Hitchcock. Here in "Dressed to Kill" it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator inevitably recalls the shower anthology sequence in "Psycho" (1960). , I would not like to rekindle the old debate about our film involved: does De Palma break up Hitchcock? Instead, I'd rather be generous and rank "Dressed to Kill" in the category of the winners of De Palma alongside "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). With a few caveats, and those are the ones I've listed above, fueling the dispute between De Palma's daring fans and his critics. When there is a sure thing in "Dressed to Kill" that leads to a general consensus Among movie lovers, De Palma's virtuosity is in the lead. He leads his camera exactly as a filmmaker expert should. His ingenious camera work stirs up the tension, which leads to an increase in tension and an unpleasant aura. The audience can be easily glued in front of the screen. This is supported by the use of several long silent sequences in which everything depends on looks and gestures. By the way, in Psycho there were also long quiet, exciting parts ... <br /> <br /> But the biggest drawback of De Palma's 1980's vintage is that the quality of the plot leaves nothing to be desired and seems to be replenishing many to be formulaic, cheesy ingredients that belong to an unpredictable number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness of the crime. Then she is suspected by the police and has to act on her own (with some help from the victim's son from the scene in the subway) to track down the killer and prove her innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a character that is not demeaned for once, this is a menu that smells like reheating. And the filmmaker ends his film with a sequence reminiscent of the opening sequence. Yes, it filmed great, but when you discover its actual function, you realize, "It's almost an unbound filler". Maybe De Palma wanted to stretch his film out for over an hour and a half, if at that time the viewer (and even before) knows who the killer is. <br /> <br /> The two central drivers in De Palma's thematic complex articulate depend on manipulation and voyeurism. The latter theme is well-featured in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene, which makes the movie look almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his lead actress and wife Nancy Allen in underwear. I find his attitude on this issue rather doubtful. But perhaps the first sequence was meant to mirror the viewer, and De Palma wanted to shake up his Peeping Tom page. <br /> <br /> I do not want to give in to De Palma's work. His prestigious directorial work, which brings a communicative film enjoyment, alleviates the global weakness of history and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years on, the controversy he provoked among the moviegoers is not ready to abate.
