Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity gets her in trouble, she's also a viewer, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who's in the process of discovering the identity of a psycho-killer. <br /> <br /> Dressed to kill is something historically important. It is one of the earlier examples of a contemporary thriller style that has been extended by Hide and Seek (2005) as of this release. It's strange that director Brian De Palma was actually trying to nip Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises parts of Vertigo (1958) for Dressed to Kill's notorious museum scene. Dressed to Kill's shower scenes as well as the villain and the death method are similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma uses a prominent score with recurring themes in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma succeeds, either by accident or by skill, to make a lopsided turn of his influence or to overcome it, with Dressed to Kill having an attitude, structure and structure flow that was influential. Perhaps partly due to this influence, Dressed to Kill is also very flawed at this time. Countless successive directors have refined their Hitchcock-like De Palma and improved almost every element, so that now, after 25 years influenced thrillers, much of Dressed to kill agonizing moves and structurally awkward <br /> <br /> One aspect of the film which unfortunately has not been improved is Dressed to Kill's sex and nudity scenes. Both Dickinson and Allen indulge us with full frontal nudity (Allen is at a very crooked angle), and De Palma has longer shots of Dickinson's breasts, strong implicit masturbation and more visceral sex scenes than in contemporary movies. Some scenes are approaching softcore porn. I'm not a fan of wisdom - on the contrary. The puritanical, monogamous, sheltered attitude of our culture towards sex and nudity is troubling to me. In my view, it is unfortunate that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on the flesh and its joys is one of the few aspects in which others have not greatly outplayed or trumped the film. Maybe it was desirable, but due to cultural controls by conservatively stuffed shirts, they were not allowed to follow suit. <br /> <br /> De Palma's direction of cinematography and the staging of some scenes are also good enough that it is difficult to do something in the same style as De Palma. He has a strange, characteristic approach to close-up photography and loves to take shots from interesting angles, such as plan views and James Whale-like tracking over distant cutaways in the sets. Of course, the directors were more noticeable later, but it's hard to say they were better. At least for the movie experience, the museum scene is at least notable for its ability to build a very fine suspense over a dropped glove and catch a glimpse or two as it follows Kate through the intricate cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, from a point of view that takes care of the story, and especially when one expects to see a thriller, everything seems too slow and stupid through the museum scene and a little bit beyond , Due to the distance from the main genre of the film and the main concern of the director (as well as cultural facts outside the film), the opening seems like a not very well integrated attempt to tickle and risk. Things get better as soon as the first murder has taken place, but due to the influence of the film, much of the improvement is now a bit clichéd and occasionally hokey. <br /> <br /> The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is little used. and Dickinson has to get out earlier than we want (but the exit is necessary and very effective). Dressed to kill keeps your interest at least until the end, but due to facts that are not included in the picture itself, it has not aged well. At this point it may be best to view the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not as the best of the era - of De Palma's directorial flair.
