I just saw The Groove Tube, which I saw for the first time 23 years ago, when I was a teenager who got up far beyond my bedtime watching HBO with my brother and best friend. We had also seen Animal House shortly before, so we saw two films featuring an SNL alumna and some naked breasts. Good that our parents slept all the time! Anyway, there were a lot of weird and funny things in this movie that were eye-openers, like the brown-25 sequence of Uranus Industries' commercial ("The Taste of Beef Stew"), the announcer says as what obviously stems from human excrement white tube. Ewww!) Or the face of the puppet talking about VD (a scrotum with a small penis with glued-on eyes). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their feature film debut here. Chase is funny about making a Geritan commercial with a woman stripping, his hands having sex in a "Let Fingers Do It" commercial, or singing "Four Leaf Clover," while co-writer / director Ken Shapiro shakes his hands drums on his head. Belzer collaborates with Shapiro on The Dealers movie and on Channel One Evening News. Belzer as a black prostitute tries a trick with the reporter Ken, who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, that sounds like a train I drive like a choo-choo!" Other outrageous things are "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a kid clown show presenter who, after asking the "people over ten" to leave the room, reads requests from his viewers like passages from "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympics segment with a pair of German lovers announced by two men (one of them Spaniards) as they become explicit while "Please Stand By" is constantly interrupted on the screen! Or the animated segment on "The Dealers", in which dancing toilets are taken after Shapiro marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" sketch, there is an extremely amusing piece of music in which Ken dubbed his own recording of "Just You, Just Me" as he dances with a suitcase and briefcase in the city with occasionally a policeman. Writer Lane Sarasohn). So, in summary, this is a weird, funny movie that seemed to influence other movies like Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie, and Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the first star in the series) obsolete elements can still be enjoyed today. P.S. I liked hearing Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during the gorillas that danced / trampled at the beginning of the sequence, but I wondered what it was about the sequence of the hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up had the run, and then get the naked man caught standing in the street. I think it's one of the 70s that touches a lot ...
