You know what they say about the '70s. If you can remember, you were not there. One of the few things I remembered in the 1970s was the very first hippie and hip-satire satire seen from an 'underground' or counterculture perspective. The Groove Tube. If the humor seems faded or funny to some viewers, it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is not "fresh" anymore ... but hey! When this movie came out, it was a premiere ... and some of those skits were made for the very first time ... at a time when Nixon was in office, the Vietnam War raged, and the sexual revolution was in full swing. .and J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a movie made before Watergate broke, and as such, he was one of the first to make a big foray into the hotel ... to make fun of it and the hippies at the same time. And frankly, some skits are still funny. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke", you'll love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 70s really were like ... check out the Groove Tube ... if you want The Oscar-winning "Network" from the same year and thought it was in his If the wild look on TV was just on the right track, you'll dig the Groove Tube, which picks up on the theme but plays from the perspective of the audience. The young spectators who turned off the TV in favor of other entertainments ... We grew up with Ozzie & Harriet "Leave It to Beaver", Dad knows each other, my three sons ... Happy days ... so imagine ours delight, as those of us who experimented with the new lifestyles could see a send up of the box from our view! The commercials of Uranus Corporation alone are invaluable. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and the sudden break from the straight movie into the animation "Fritz the Cat", when the hippies eat the weeds, is still one of the best areas and reason I've ever seen in the movie have seen. <br /> <br /> If you liked the Kentucky Fried Movie, you will love this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your comic Uncle Harold still gets a glaring gleam in his eyes as you think back to his college days ... that would be the perfect movie you can watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is ... a keepsake of the time ... and a cheeky little movie that will help us all those who have forgotten the '70s to approach them recall.
