"Once upon a time there was a charming country called France ... People were happy at the time, the women were light and the men indulged in their favorite pastimes: war, the only recuperation of kings people could enjoy." The war in question was the Seven Years War, and when it was noticed that there were more soldiers than soldiers, recruits were sent to top up the ranks. <br /> <br /> So Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught in a haystack on the fall of a farmer's daughter, escapes marriage by joining the Regiment d'Aquitane ... but only when he first believes in his future As predicted by a Gypsy, he will win glory and fortune in his majesty's uniform and marry the king's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a Gypsy, but the daughter of the recruiting regimental sergeant. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan rushes off the recruits, sabring in his hand to save a battered coach, but who should only be the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the princess. He is convinced that he will marry high despite the extremely low cut blouses that Adeline wears. She will soon discover her own love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of an irreverent movie about Fanfan's fate, the adventurous adventures of a sword fight and a rogue. There are escape routes from curtains, sword fights on tiled roofs, deceptive battles, romantic escapes and more joyful spectacle than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks in Polish, he makes up for through disrespect and enthusiasm. He is a swift swordsman and a fast-talking lover, but with such naive faith in his fate and in such an optimistic way, how can we dislike him? Gerard Philipe was an iconic stage and film actor (whom Francois Truffaut constantly crashed on the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his own stunts. He was pretty, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him and women dreamed of him. He died of liver cancer at the age of 36, seven years after Fanfan. All France mourned. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline has her own. It's not these low-cut blouses that make their acting. She is sharp, passionate, not completely innocent and nobody is stupid. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe sings only with endless satirical actions, sharp situations and good nature. Not to mention an amusing dialogue. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she meets the King in his private quarters. "Give me your pretty little hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" says the king: "All that I ask is a small pleasure." "I'm a real girl," says Adeline. The King says, "You owe your merit, you love Fanfan, then thank me, and my whims will allow you to show the greatest proof of your love by betraying the loyalty you have sworn to him. " That's smart and funny. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to hate popular movies as mere entertainment (and personalized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director Christian-Jacques were among their main goals. You've probably missed the point of Fanfan, which is a very funny satire about the futility of armies and war. How much better it seemed to have been to make films of fear that only Cineastes could appreciate. Thankfully, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, overcame this childlike condescension and realized that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just the Cognoscenti. A clever person who likes movies can appreciate anything when the movies are well done. Those who lapse into a movie because of their fame are as demeaning as those who say they never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart out. Viva fan fan!
