This is the last of four bacon humps from France I wanted to see this Christmas season. The others (in order of viewing) were the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964, by the same director as this, but not nearly as good). , the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979, which was written as a Japanese manga!) and the magnificent CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I had seen them on late Italian television not so long ago, and I remembered that I was not particularly thrilled, so I was really surprised how much I liked it this time (also in the face of the confusing lack) of enthusiasm that the film showed here and elsewhere when it was first announced as Criterion's next DVD release. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, FANFAN LA TULIPE has something in common with the above-mentioned CARTOUCHE: not cast and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, cinematographer Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also in relation to the plot? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's cartouche also had a short military spell), who is loved by a fiery girl (in this case the gypsy Gina Lollobrigida), while he himself is possessed of an impossible love (here As in the later film, Fanfan (an ideally staffed Gerard Philipe, who is ironically so full of life here that one can hardly believe that he is plagued by cancer within 7 years) is touched by two sides flanked by fun-loving but cowardly men (one of whom is actually his superior and the hero's own father) and is being fought over by an unscrupulous figure in his own ranks (the aging Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually leads a duel on the roof Lollobrigida will be in her next film, René Clair's adorable romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952), reconnecting with Philippe. <br /> <br /> FANFAN proved to be a big blockbuster on his home country and even a surprising (but well-deserved) "Best Director" award in Cannes was for more prestigious films like AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951 ), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity made it a re-release in a computer-colored version (presumably for viewers who would not touch a black and white product with a ten-foot-long pole), and the Criterion DVD itself contains an example of this variation; Since it is obviously a foreign language title, there is also the dubious choice of an English-language soundtrack. But even if these titles have not proved particularly painful, considering that the original can not be replaced at all! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname the young Genevieve Page calls Madame De Pompadour) contains about as much comedy as the (expected) action and romance; Some may find this overwhelming, but I disagree, as I enjoyed the spicy satirical narrative, and this combination is broadly comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's equally droll THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). The swordfights here, however, are remarkably powerful for an essentially light-hearted endeavor (especially a fight in the woods and the ambush in a monastery) and the film itself is sometimes quite adult (with numerous references to sexuality as well as rough language). seen from behind with vintage Hollywood dishes like I did now; the climax is then quite ingenious: The enemy forces (which are strangely enough to speak in accelerated chatter!) are exhausted by our heroic trio alone, much to the astonishment of the king, who, as portrayed by Marcel Herrand? best known for his role as leader of the Paris underworld in Marcel Carne's CHILDREN OF PARADISE (1945)? is even such a Lecher. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian TV station has been threatening for months with Christian-Jaques promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964), but although he has already been programmed three times (with a provisional fourth for next week), they still have to show it; Still, I have three more movies of his in my unsurpassed VHS stack (equally chased by Italian television broadcasts until late at night): The Three-Hour Epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, also with Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
