Why a stupid, boring, fucking, overrated movie series like "Star Wars" gets all the hype, and a really amazing movie like this that goes completely unnoticed is a mystery to me ... This movie will open your eyes dark, disturbing , sad and scary world we live in ... <br /> <br /> Unlike the boring "elephant", this movie is not one of those "just a typical day until someone pulls the trigger" .. this movie focuses more on what happens after the event ... <br /> <br /> Deana, played by the very hot and very talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and healthy student with good friends and a great life ... until ... she is injured on the day of shooting by being shot in the head. Fortunately, she is not killed, but seriously injured, and has to be in the hospital for a while, which causes her to have a lot of emotional pain, in addition to the physical ... <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Alicia is played by the also very pretty and talented Busy Phillips, a wicked, cold-hearted, rebellious creature. an antisocial goth girl who does not have a single positive trait ... and she's undamaged when the shooting happens ... because it turns out that she was friends with the shooter and knew that he would do what he had done ... causing her to be taken to the police station and some questions asked. When she did not tell the policeman if she knew the shooting was going to take place, they kept coming to her house and trying to convince her. Something ... and she still does not, so the headmistress takes her to a funeral brings dead female students, and after she has left, the headmaster decides that enough is enough, and forces her to visit Deana at the hospital. Of course, she also refuses, but the director says if the police do not do that, the police will continue to try to get her to say something ... and so she actually looks on ... The lonely, traumatized one and both physically and emotionally wounded Deana is more than happy. Someone visits her, but of course Alicia is anything but to see her. Deana tries to greet her in a friendly way, but of course Alicia answers with harsh and hurtful comments and a harsh statement about how she is doing here only because she is being forced and does not want to have any friendship with her at all. But sooner or later this intention will change ... (and that's all I'm going to say :) This is truly one of the most moving films of all time and one of the darkest and most disturbing. Actually, I think this would be equally disturbing and moving with "American History X" ... <br /> <br /> ATTENTION: Watch this movie at your own risk !! It contains very graphic scenes and pictures! EXCELLENT and criminally undervalued movie! I'm so ashamed that I'm pretty much the only one who knows about it!
