This is a story of the Winchester Rifle Model 1873 "The weapon that won the West" For cowboys, outlaws, peace officers or soldiers, the Winchester 73 was a treasured possession. An Indian would sell his soul to his own ... <br /> <br /> Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart, a duo that spawned a number of superior Westerns to come a new, psychological depth of the genre. Stewart sees the story as Lin McAdam pursuing the man who killed his father. When he arrived in Dodge City with his loyal friend Johnny Williams, he meets Dutch Henry Brown, the man he wants. But since Wyatt Earp [Will Geer] has taken all weapons from those entering the city, both men can not have the shooting range for which they are ready. The men instead compete in a contest to win a Winchester 73 rifle, a competition that Lin eventually wins. But before he can leave the city with the grand prize, Dutchmen ambush him, steal the rifle, and drop the city quickly. As Lin sets out in hateful pursuit of both man and rifle, the rifle will change hands several times, each time adding a dimension other than the day of reckoning for all approaches. Very much a Winchester 73, a benchmark for the so-called "psychological Western", is essentially the story of a decent man who was driven mad by an event from his past. The shots in black and white (the only one of the duos westerns that were the landscapes) are still stunning eye-willows. The sound is set on the back of a horse with the opening scene as Lin and Johnny and skid over a hill in Silhouette as they set out for Dodge City. It's just the point of departure where man would use his prospects as a way of walking along with the emotional states of his characters. Stewart does one of his best and most intense appearances as McAdam, proving once and for all that he was one of America's best and most versatile actors. The support is not bad either. Shelley Winters is the only woman of the Machis, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and the ever-great Dan Duryea add further class to the process. For Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson, there are even a few small parts, the latter, who plays an Indian, is too far. <br /> <br /> Originally, the film was a project for Fritz Lang, who even had the script ready to run. But Lang walked away from it, something that proved blessing to Western fans. Lang was as good as a director who, with Mann directing {and a new screenplay by Borden Chase & Robert Richards in his hands} set the wheels in motion to change the course of the genre. Not only with the further efforts made by Mann & Stewart, but also by whom they were influenced. Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller took notes and were happy for the Western purists. They followed their example and carried on the psychological torch even further. <br /> <br /> A great success at the box office When released, Winchester 73 is a great movie that still plays a role in modern times. 9.5 / 10
