One of the biggest western ever! Unlike many others, this is not about nature, horses, shootings, etc., but about a rifle, the Winchester '73, and how this rifle affects others and how they do it. A rifle is not a living, breathing human, is it? They tend to think that this is not the case. However, it seems to have its own mind for two very similar reasons: in the end, it returns to its rightful owner, even though in the rest of the picture the rash "owners" do everything to ensure this does not, and it never seems satisfied by chance, until it returns to its original owner, the careless "owners" seem to lose it somehow or are killed by trying to protect it and keep it until it arrives back at James Stewart, then it's " satisfied". But not every owner deserves it. Of course, Stewart has been doing it since he won it. McNally not, since he had to be a filthy thief and steal it. Drake is definitely not doing it because he's likely to lose it in a poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight. Why should he have a unique rifle when he will not even use it? Duryea does not do it because he's just a laughing maniac and we all know that laughing maniacs do not make weapons. This movie has a kind of noir edge that only westerns can have, such as the Ox Bow incident. Westerns have their own kind of Noir, very different from the Bogart films of the 30s and 40s. It is undoubtedly the best of all five Stewart man westerns, even though my personal favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four were much different than this. I find it no coincidence to see that the other four colors were, and this is black and white. This is on the Noir border. All five films had the revenge and dark past of Stewart's role in the film, to the point where this is not just the dark side of Stewart, but also a kind of character, not one that's listed in the credits, but one can only know and know that it is there, always present. However, not only because of the revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of the highest danger, and characters that are very different from Stewart, the other four surpass in all aspects. But Stewart never crosses the border. He goes however the border between light and dark. That's why black and white played such an important role in the film. They could all have been black and white, or they could all have had color. But this one is in black and white and the other four are in color and there is a very good reason for that.
