The larger-than-life characters of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson and the ghosts of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull tower above the hugely entertaining first director Anthony Mann with James Stewart. Although Stewart's quest to avenge his father's murder is the main story, Winchester '73 is truly an ensemble piece, with the eponymous thousandfoot gun passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including a dry dealer (John McIntire) and especially Dan Duryea, who is even more despicable than usual. The fusion of film fiction and story creates an airy tempo and an ambivalent tone that blends brilliantly with Mann's reduced, compositionally rigorous film productions. His themes, such as psychological turmoil and the past dictatorship of the present day, are weak behind this great story of good and evil men chasing after a fabled weapon, but they turn up in a vignette on the cowardice of a husband and the failed reconciliation attempt, and are joined in Stewart's talks The buddy is Millard Mitchell. The use of environment by man distinguishes him from other western filmmakers. Instead of looking at the prospects from afar, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate or evoke the goals of the human characters. Just as mountains, caves and rapids in The Naked Trail had to be considered, there is a firefight between the loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstacle that fatalistically determines the roles of the winner and the victim between two equally experienced snipers , (I would not approve of acknowledging the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, especially his superlative open-range day-night photography.) The man is not just a gifted nature lover. mainly through scaled multilevel tiering. The recording competition is not dependent on fast camera shifts or restless cuts, as man instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to show the highest density of information in a given shot. Nor does he want to spell the story in dialogue, relying on the actors' eyes or on a selected image to convey the stakes. One scene serves to explain his position: Mitchell's account of Stewart's motivation towards Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the fierce shoot-out that soon reveals everyone. Winchester '73 works without light, without feeling unobtrusive, intense, without being cocky, and looks more modern than his contemporaries.
