A new creative team emerged in 1950, when brilliant actor James Stewart and equally brilliant director Anthony Mann formed a series of Westerns that helped define the genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was best known for his approach to family-oriented comedies, dramas and romances. Not that he was not an all-rounder of Hollywood. One of his best screen performances of all time and one of the best for those who have owned celluloid was Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal in The Philadelphia Story. He had even made Western. His portrayal of the weapon-shy but knowledgeable shot of Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make the movie a classic. But for most moviegoers, he was the all-American boyscout guy, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely has one of the characters he played a dark side. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was connected to B-movement in film noir mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught James Stewart's attention. So, the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the biggest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann became a successful director of A-films. He then directed what some critics call the biggest western of all, all of Gary Cooper's "Man of the West." Stewart became surprisingly wealthy through the partnership because he signed a portion of the royalties for a fraction of the salary he was normally paid for. A smart move followed by many other actors. Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first to tell a story from the point of view of a walking gun. Each owner is part of the narrative that is told, and all of this comes together in the thrilling showdown at the end of the film, which also causes a surprise for the viewer. Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the story revolves around revenge and possession of Winchester '73. It is the year 1876. Custer and his 7th Cavalry were destroyed by the Sioux and Cheyenne in Little Big Horn. The whites want revenge. The indigenous people want their land and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between the Native Americans, led by Young Bull (the young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group stuck in a canyon and joined forces with civilian Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and lifelong company, mate High Spade (the underrated actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), join a polluted dove with a friendly heart , Among the horse soldiers are the newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (late of the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part is interrupted by a bullet. Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has him as chief marshal. The good actor Will Geer (later the Waltons) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was assistant Marshal at Dodge at the time he was cutting his teeth as a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins the Winchester in a shooting competition, but it did not take him long after outlaw Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his followers. McAdam and High Spade are for the rest of the movie after Dutch Henry and Winchester. An even more sinister character emerges on the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, played by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a stellar cast. <br /> <br /> The Winchester goes through several hands In the course of the film, the transmission is intense every time. One is a Gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps mingle with the above scenario. All this and the action ensure that the viewer is glued to the seat throughout the show. <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, the cast is first-class down to the smallest part. Look for other familiar faces in non-cocking parts, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and B Westerns faithful Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
