In 1942, a film TALES OF MANHATTAN recounted a series of stories that were basically unrelated, but associated with a formalwear suit for men. Each story began when the "tails" were handed over from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a superior movie and a great western, has a similar twist. First, it's about how Jimmy Stewart Stephen (Horace) MacMahon seeks some deadly resentment. In the course of the film, however, the two men enter into a shooting competition, the prize (awarded by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) is one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely strikes MacMahon, but Stewart is stolen, and the persecution is on. <br /> <br /> The weapon goes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role) and in a short one to Charles Drake, to Dan Duryea (as the wonderfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean), to MacMahon. Finally, it returns to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has diverse experiences. Duryea literally gets the rifle over Drake's body (Duryea forces the problem). But he loses it to MacMahon, who's quicker on the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight the rifle. When he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (watching how Duryea killed her former boyfriend Drake) drops her dislike of the shooter and asks why he allows MacMahon's bullying for the gun. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. An opportunity will arise later (ie if he can safely kill MacMahon and get the rifle back). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winters first appears as Drake's future bride, but she sees a really big negative side - an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this oversight, and it leads to its destruction. Other characters have realistic traits, such as J. C. Flippen as a sergeant who fights an Indian attack with steward and Stewards friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with Flipp's comrade - Tony Curtis. Flipping suggests that this soldier had been on a hundred battlefields for a hundred years. Steward had shown emotions in other films. In IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE, he sometimes showed some annoyance and also an almost nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong in his life. But here he showed a demonic rage - at the expense of a surprised Duryea (who would normally show such anger herself). <br /> <br /> The parts of this film fit very well together, under the competent hands of Mann. This is a western that never wears as the audience watches the voyages of a Winchester rifle.
