Buffs of the adult western, which flourished in the 1950s, try to trace the origin of the film that triggered the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawk's Red River (1948) or even to John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stick to that decade then it has to be one of a few films made in that first year. One of them is "The Gunfighter", a very grim story about a famous gunman (Ringo) who is about to make his last shootout. Another from the same year is "Winchester '73", and it's worth noting that Millard Mitchell performs both as a grim, mustache and a very realistic rider. In The Gunfighter, he is the city marshal, who is expected to arrest Ringo but once rode with him in an outlaw gang. In Winchester, he is the buddy of Jimmy Stewart, a sort of Horatio of Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The storyline is quite simple: Stewart's lonely Cowpoke wins a notable Winchester in a shooting contest and beats the meanest man in the West (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother, causing the death of his father. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell follow in a cowboy odyssey that leads them all across the border and hits both Outlaws and Indians. (In a wonderful play, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - an Indian chief and a US cavalry soldier - during a well-staged battle. Just before she starts gaining weight, it's the dodgy lady who holds all the actions together Well, today filmmakers would bring such an ambitious idea to the screen for about four hours, but Anthony Mann is extremely sparing of time wasted in not a minute, such Western legends as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (played terribly by Will Geer) make short appearances and contribute to both the historicity and the epic nature The final battle between good and bad brothers High on a series of outstanding gorges, it is now legendary among Western fans It is also worth noting that Stewart, as much as he did was associated with Western films, its actual first Role plays as Western leadership - yes, he was riding in De stry again eleven years earlier, but was played in this comedy parody because he looked so wrong for Western!
