The traditional Western is synonymous with wide, open spaces, clear morals, inevitable actions, the optimistic belief in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny and escape from his past. These qualities directly reflect the American sense of self, the self-forming dream, the crossing of boundaries and boundaries, which is why opportunistic politicians still allude to the genre. With some noble exceptions (eg Wellman, Hawks) the West was healthy and free of neurosis or real anxiety. Anthony Mann changed all that forever, and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent, liveliest, most complex, if not exciting, westerns ever made. The traditional Western relies on a hero who exemplifies a rugged whole, no matter what misfortune he has had in the past, an advocate of order and law who dominates the film, removes its obstacles, restores harmony; and an obvious villain who often ironically drives the conspiracy forces the hero to take specific actions. The difference between the two is often as mythically simple as wearing white or black hats. Mann's background was in film Noir, a genre that stands in stark contrast to open spaces and optimism. Noir was neurotically charged and focused on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist in which morality is blurred. The hero is just as often the villain caught in an inner labyrinth created by himself and a passive victim of fate. Noir is not about recourse, not about progression, about interrogating and denying forms and signs of representation, not about creating and affirming them. WINCHESTER 73 is afflicted with noir anxiety. Noir is often regarded as a psychological genre and visualizes the trauma of the head of his protagonist. It does so, and is all the more disturbing that this protagonist is the handsome, selfish Jimmy Stewart, who initiates his great series of difficult movies with Hitchcock and Man here. In many respects, good-natured and sweet, he represents the law and seeks to restore disturbances to the natural order, he is also a madman who stops at nothing to obtain murderous revenge, whose relentless pursuit of Ethan Edwards in THE SEARCHERS in his inhuman Perseverance whose human instincts are shaken by this search and whose outbursts of violence are truly scary. <br /> <br /> As in noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who did this McAdam's father was outgrown (symbolically killed) before he could complete the process; His hunt for his brother is less a moral revenge than a fearful protest against stunted growth. The highlight of the competition is not cathartic: McAdam staggers back into "normal" society as if he has just witnessed some of the world's most terrifying horrors. <br /> <br /> What worries the movie the most is that it's not really about a hero or a villain, but an inanimate piece of Weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the weapon of the title privileged, seen behind a glass window, while his admirers are pinched, squeezed, undifferentiated, framed and admired outside. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary signifiers - names change; Lin and Dutch pantomime shoot each other because they have no weapons; Quests lose their moral vitality and their practitioners are close to madness. Armies must ask for help from Confederate strangers to wage battles; a man does not deserve respect until he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a coward when he leaves his fiancée to the Indians; The weapon retains its prestige, power and wholeness. <br /> <br /> It's not the revenge plot that drives the movie, but the story of the gun. This displaces the film from conventional expectations and creates a sinister, alienating, modern feel. We are so torn into revenge that when we follow the weapon, we feel completely confused about another action. This emphasis on the weapon, a symbol of strong masculinity, actually allows a critique of this masculinity, which unreasonably reveals rituals at the expense of society and order; raw capitalistic greed; murderous Indian traders cheating both seller and foe; Cowards psychotic killer; Before returning to his "true" owner, a broken hero has become thoroughly uncompromising, as murderous as the murderer he seeks. The weapon is never marked with the name of its owner, not only because there is no permanent owner, but also because there is no firm masculinity. A sense of insight from the traditional Western provokes Western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, the cavalry, the Civil War, the wide-open West - just to undermine them. Earp has a bloated reputation that has all the names but has never been proven - Dodge City is not safer against outlaws than anywhere else; The cavalry is incapable (Custer has just lost the Little Big Horn) and the bitter feud of the war is insignificant. The myth of the open West is a place for a very closed, inevitable, circular action that captures its characters, does not allow them to shape their destiny, but to shape it. The old John Ford The silhouette of the riders on a huge mountain is reproduced, but here it does not signal progress, but repetition and circularity. But despite its deconstruction, the film is noticeably alive in ways few Westerners ever achieve. Mann's cutting-edge technology infiltrates his camera into critical positions, changing the distance between discovery and intense investigation, making the saloon doors and stagecoaches thrillingly alive.
