"Addictive" is an adjective that I have often heard when it comes to certain television programs. Lately, dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have earned this description. As compelling as they may be (and they really are), I can wait a few days to see the next episode of the two series, even Prison Break, which some classify as "new 24". With all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for good reason: No other Silver Screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. That's 24 different from any other show, so I have to watch virtually an entire season (on DVD) within seven days or less: once the clock is up, it's impossible to turn it off. <br /> <An episode whose events took place over the course of a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and more recently Deadwood); A whole season of a new series lasted 24 hours, one per ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 are covered by commercials when the show is televised). This was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since Hill Street Blues introduced non-linear storytelling (a compulsory element nowadays). And it really paid off. Ironically, the original plan of the series was that it was a wedding (luckily the two designers, Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran, recognized that the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller), which is likely to be the Reason is why the first look at the hero gives a happy atmosphere: Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) looks extremely relaxed with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and minutes later tenderly with Teri (Leslie Hope), the woman with whom he is just reconciled. As in The Sopranos, something unexpected and shocking is just beyond the corner: Kim not only sneaked out of her room, but also receives a phone call asking him to go to work immediately. At midnight? So I'm afraid Bauer is an agent of the CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) and his boss has received reliable information about a possible slap on the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles for Angeles all day (oh yes, I almost forgot: events happen on the day of the California Presidential Primary). No time for a nap, then: Jack has to work on the case for the next 24 hours. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore the protocol, and that does not go well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slimy man from the division who was asked to disrupt the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense and makes the show hard to recommend for people with a short attention span, but anyone who wants to take a look is immediately rewarded: Writing is sharp and precise, the love of detail is unsurpassed and the tension is consistently in the sky. high, above all thanks to the real-time trickery, which significantly improves the adrenalin level. <br /> <br /> Another outstanding feature of this pilot is the characterization: Most genre shows (sci-fi and thriller) tend to be the key players and define them later (a textbook example is CSI, where character development minimal, which, in turn, matches the show's unique style), while the series debut of 24 features a plethora of plump people, including Jack (Sutherland's Best Role - Ever!) and Palmer (the show's true revelation) that he was perfectly described after just one episode (the first split between job and family, reckless but humane, the latter honored and endowed with great integrity). A few supporting parts border on stereotypes (especially Mason and Tony Almeida). However, two factors should be considered: a) This is the first episode. b) There is so much going on Most viewers will not even complain about one or two "mistakes". After all, how many networking programs can get you started on a conspiracy, a missing teenager, and a massive explosion-and yet have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
