Of these comments here before mine, I mostly agree with Edyarbs. The story and the script seemed to have the potential to be funny, but even though it was managed in some places, it failed elsewhere. You could tell they were joking, but nobody in the audience laughed. (Consistent with Edyarb's view on the credits as well: keep it normal or make it cool, but not what they've done now.) OK, that gives a more negative feel than what I actually had the movie watch. I enjoyed it; It was a pleasant conversation for one night and definitely did not feel like a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that are a little out of the expected and are pretty mature, like Luke Wilson's character Matt, who asks the super-chick "P * nis or bed?" When she told him that she would "get a new one" after a wild night in bed, the bed collapsed leaving Matt sore. <br /> <br /> However, I can not agree with bgs1614, which says that the film could get an "R" rating - that was absolutely nothing in the movie to justify that. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, only humorous and no nudity. (Maybe he was in a preliminary study that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this to two new films that I have seen without any expectation: Superman Returns and Click. I did not really expect anything from anyone - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and Click's trailer just showed it as a potentially chauvinistic movie (which I would not contradict). Superman surprised me by feeling really good (goosebumps!) When he saw his first heroic act, as if he saw a long-lost friend and felt happy about it. But for the rest of the story I prefer to look at my super-ex girlfriend, at least she offers some surprises. Click was again a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from a really excellent movie. The jokes also work much better than the ex-girlfriend, both the naughty and the more advanced. <br /> <br /> The only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three. I've seen it in no time and also because I basically had no expectations whatsoever. I would sort them by Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
