On paper, that looked like a great concept: average guy on the rebound appointments has a tight, short-lived museum curator who is really a hot super hero and regularly saves the world. However, director Ivan Reitman and author Don Payne (of the "Simpsons") have almost miscalculated when their hero G-Girl (played by Uma Thurman) fails as a superhero and as a secret identity figure Jenny Johnson. The film is even taken in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after his rescue by G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny asks curiously what G-Girl was. Matt replies, "She's kind of crazy?" I think the intention was to make Jenny (Thurman) this lonely young woman who has no one in her life, isolated by her great physical powers. Thurman is doing the best she can, but her Jenny is a frightening mood sway that urgently needs Prozac. Luke Wilson is too airy in the role reversal of friend and superhero girlfriend. <br /> <br /> "My super-ex-girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing and comes at the end of "Superman Returns" which plays superhero, so to speak, straight up. With all its quirks and inconsistent lyrics, I found "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" still funny and enjoyed the movie. Considering that this is a film by Ivan Reitman, it could have been much better. Reitman starts off with a great premise and really wastes it. First, we all love the hero. Here is neither Jenny nor G-Girl really so sympathetic. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who usually has a charismatic and powerful presence. In the beginning, her Jenny / G-Girl is just funny. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a superhero, she is Thurman. She looks great. Towards the end, Jenny becomes more sympathetic than the cartoon. Although "My Super Ex" is not a straightforward superhero story, but rather a kind of romantic comedy, it does not offer what every myth mythology requires - a great super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard), who is really evil. He is not Lex Luthor. No plans for global dominance. Bedlam is more of a grudge against G-Girl, and as expected, it has something to do with their shared past. What's bizarre, do not you know who you'd rather spend time with? Bedlam or G-girl? Luke Wilson's Matt is just a "guy" connecting with the psycho-superhero. One of the annoying things he does is he confides in his loathsome loser friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson makes a bad, blatant impersonator). Wilson sometimes plays it a bit too tight and that weakens his sympathetic charm. But that works in the weird sex scene with Jenny. Matt, while with Jenny / G-Girl, realizes he's in love with his co-worker Hannah (the naughty Anna Faris). How does Matt divorce G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and hilarious for the most part. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. What is difficult in itself are superhero satires disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. Heldennuss job? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman, she can not achieve that convincingly. And she is not sufficiently supported by Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative mistakes. "My super ex girlfriend" is fun and funny. Although everyone involved noticed, the movie could have been awesome.
