Everything starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you start at the beginning or at the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to step into his new movie Seven Pounds, whichever you prefer, when he starts at the end and moves back to the beginning to show us the course of events that lead us to this heartbreaking one 911 call. This is a strong movie; Maybe it's because I'm a softy when it comes to dramas of this sort, dripping with tremendous moments and stuffed with devastating performances. In any case, a movie works best when it really touches me when it's behind me. My head hours after leaving the theater. And this is from the team that brought us the overrated, juicy, and not all redeeming pursuit of happiness, so all I'm going to say is that my expectation of great disappointment was well protected. Nevertheless, I was with Seven Pounds from the first frame to the credits. Even though you find out what Will Smith's character is doing, this secret mission he's trying to accomplish, it's the way he fills his penitence that shines brightly, leaving you with a tearful smile at the end. <BR /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit shattering, leaving us behind and trying to understand what's going on. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of people we do not know, and one of those who seems to be trying to follow and test. Working with the IRS allows him access to these strangers to gain insight into their lives, to see if they are worthy of a gift he can give them - a gift that could completely change their circumstances. He calls an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised not to question his decision, as it does not change his mind. Even in a role as small as Pepper's, one can not help feeling that the utmost grief hangs in the background above each head. It is his character who has perhaps been seen three times, who really embraces the original level of emotion with which he is concerned. His breakdowns, whether tear-covered and composed or head-to-head convulsions, show that these two men have a connection that has passed the test of time and every circumstance that finds its way. <br /> <br /> After this call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is on a sort of mission to alleviate the monetary problems of terminally ill people and tries to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This development is based on a "blind, vegan meat seller" whom he insults if he can explode it; to a cardiac patient from Phase 2 donor need who was unable to print his stationary line or even walk with her Great Dane Duke; to an abused and terrified Latino mother of two, who was too afraid to leave her boyfriend; a dying hockey trainer who believes in an oppressed youth community; to a little boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with the pain and the inevitable future, with a tendency of hope that values ​​every day, and there are those who try to defeat them by cutting the corners and spending all their money at the expense of those Why it is up to Thomas to hunt through the mix and find those who deserve his "gift" is unknown at first, and this man lives in Flashbacks as an aerospace engineer with a nice one Woman and a giant beach house In a motel, drive a battered car, go door to door to test for the IRS. However, as he says, "somehow he stumbled into the job." Smith's search for Thomas is long and painful, subdued with moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man with the tools, he takes his job seriously, cuts out people who are not deserving, and tests those whom he believes are worthy of grade 9. If that means he has to scream and make fun of her, he has to do it. However, with every step you see the pain in his eyes, the pain devouring his soul, making every step to his destiny, one as the saint of salvation, not only for those he wants to help but also for himself. It's an award-winning achievement, and I just wish Smith would make more dramas like his blockbuster action tent poles, since this guy is fun, but this guy is too good for them. The man should better win an Oscar before he is done or it will be a travesty - at least in my eyes. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is outstanding across the board. Woody Harrelson as a blind vendor is a perfect Handicap with joy. His shy smile and his belief in humanity are revealed everywhere, whether shouting at the phone, sitting in a snack while eating his cake, or playing at the piano in the park for anyone who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo is fantastic as a maltreated mother. It shows the hard evolution from pride to fear to complete overwhelming friendliness of a stranger, leaving her family safe. And Rosario Dawson shines as a "once hot" young woman who was beaten by lengthy hospital stays and broken and life has given up to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Smith's Thomas, who re-opens her eyes to be a woman, a free-spirited sexual being who can simply live without fear of which day will be the last.
