Seven Pounds, that was the movie I was convinced Will Smith really did for the movies "I'll make you cry." One thing for which I can give him a lot, the man can cry. My only thing is, as moving as the story is, Will Smith has proven time and time again that he can act. Why is he taking this extremely depressing story? Still, it's still a good movie. I have to admit, it made me cry, but I felt that the outstanding achievement was Rosario Dawson. I absolutely love this girl. Since seeing her in the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl would come a long way. She is beautiful, charming, witty and talented and can not wait to see how far her career will go. But she and Will Smith were not so sure that they had the great chemistry the movie needed to make it a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident caused by him with his cell phone; Seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee. A year after the crash and after giving up his job as an aerospace engineer, Tim donates a lung lobe to his IRS brother Ben. Half a year later, he donates a portion of his liver to a child welfare worker named Holly. After that, he begins to search for other candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a junior hockey coach, and gives him a kidney. Then he donates a boy named Nicholas Marrow. Two weeks before his death, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows someone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos living with an abusive boyfriend. Tim moves out of his house to a local motel and takes his jellyfish with him. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and the certificate to his beach house. She takes her two children and moves to her new home. After stealing his brother's credentials and making himself known by the name of his brother Ben, he examines the candidates for his last two donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat seller who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to see if he's upset. Esra stays calm and Tim decides that he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, a self-employed greeting card printer, who suffers from heart problems and a rare blood type. He spends a lot of time with her, weeding her garden and repairing her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that her condition has worsened to make his donation. Seven Pounds is a good movie and certainly worth a look, I would only recommend the rent against the theater. Will Smith shows a good performance, but not his best, only most of the movie made him cry in every scene, but the last one with him is an idiot. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and it really made you appreciate life and did not take it for granted. There are still good people in the world and Ben's character reminds you to cherish life and give to those in desperate need. He went a bit far, but it was still a nice story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
