I would recommend this film to any music fan who desperately wants to see a musical that makes a faithful transition from stage to screen. Sure, it's a long one, but the length is a testimony to how faithful the original musical writing is to the film. The sets and cast make Sweet Apple, Ohio, the place they are. Fosse protégé Anne Reinking also does excellent work with the choreography, which gives the dances a beautiful little town. Casting at a glance may seem strange to some, but they are really wonderful (reading "anonymous.") 'S comments on Jason Alexander's performance have made me sick). In fact, his performance literally steals the show. As Albert, he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke's seeming charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing like nobody else's business does not hurt either. George Wendt is another outstanding point that contrasts Paul Lynde's attitude to Harry McAffe, making him less manic and less down to earth and strict. His whole character and body language scream "over my dead body". Marc Kudisch takes the Elvis aspect of Conrad Birdie to a new level with his subtle inclusion of a "thank you" in "Honestly Sincere". However, his physicality is more reminiscent of the young Elvis than of the bloated, stubby Conrad of the original film. The fact is that this movie is so different from the original movie (drawn in drawn faces, turtles over speed and the Russian Ballet !!!). What did one of them have to do with Bye, Bye Birdie? The only possible advantage of the original version over this version is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in every way. Where the old version cut many songs and increased the dance breaks everywhere, where this was not necessary (and the film in any way came to an end), the new version has restored the original music and added some new material ("A Giant Step") is the outstanding one in this category). We know that we live in difficult times, but if you want to distract your worries and make a happy face, then this is worth a test.
