This film is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and since I've made it my goal to be present at all major film festivals, I have seen a lot, especially what the industry considers "the best". I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting is usually overdone and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance in Lost. Therefore, I generally try to avoid his films. I saw that at a film festival a few years ago and was really impressed. This director really knows what she's doing. Of course, you'll get the trolls (or just ignorant people) who do not understand what makes a good movie, and rip the low budget work, because they have no idea what it is. But fortunately, what I've seen is in the minority when it comes to this gem. <br /> <br /> Let's not deny that the film did not work on budget and some of the supporting actors could still work because that's probably true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect for a first real movie from someone who is still in high school? Imagine for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a little bit of acting, the sound quality (which was not actually the fault of the filmmaker, I saw this at a festival and the sound was alright ... I guarantee who made the DVD myself, screwed up) , and the fact that it was shot on mini-DV, what is left? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which are undeniably flawless. Nanavati can tell a story. That's clear. She can write substance-rich, engaging screenplays better than most people in Hollywood, create a recording list that perfectly complements this story, and bring her to life in a fascinating, creative way that could win prizes if that higher budget could win her would have. There are experienced actors, a better sound for post-production and 35mm instead of mini-DV, and even the trolls could not complain. This girl is incredible, and considering that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done amazing work ever since. The trailer for Dreams of a Angel shows that, and I can not wait to see the higher budget it has made. 9/10 stars, that's a damn movie from a fucking filmmaker.
