First, someone here mentioned that because this was released in a "limited" amount, it means it should be bad ... that's what the "big five" Hollywood studios want everybody to think that he " fit "or" can ignore "" features that are not wanted without losing face or imagining by direct censorship "This production was" limited "because it is considered" unpatriotic "by certain people. <br / > <br /> Now I've absolutely loved this feature, I think it's a lot better than "Charlie Wilson's War," even though it's a "fictitious" representation of something that "never happens," but is always so OBWIOUS This is for anyone and everyone who is interested in or affected by current US foreign policy, "at home" or "on board." The "Turakistani" country and the "emerald city" are definitely trying, Iraq and Baghdad to resemble just as the company "Tamerlane" plays for "haliburton" (with Vice President Dan Aykroyd, Dick Cheney and LOL) quiet moments in which the film is DEAD SERIOUS is no longer sarcastic (a prime example would be John Cusack's character with his depression bypasses, but not only). <br /> <br /> I've found ALL characters can be related to something / someone or certain stereotypes. now a word from the council; If you are not politically active, especially with regard to the aspects of "globalization", you probably will not enjoy this feature, as most content and "jokes" address certain "personalities" that are not "visible" to the general public. are on a daily basis ... (main exception would be Hilary Duff, who plays the well-known materialistic pop star, do I have to say the name (S)?). His CORE is an anti-globalization gig. The message is transmitted unambiguously with comic revenge. Joan has a line at one point that reads, "And here's a book of yours, you know, how I conquered the world and solved the problems with my dad." .PRICE))) <br /> <br Sister and brother Cusacks play well together as always, just like in "Grosse PointeBlank" I would say a bit more "mature". Marisa Tomeihere does not show her buttocks and her breasts to "impress" us (as she did recently "before the devil knows you're dead"), but instead she has a very serious role and manages to to conclude the matter well. <br /> <br /> Many critics do not understand (can not or will not). This is NOT a "regular" movie, but rather a comic book documentary. This feature means delivering a message, not getting an Oscar, or having "visuals" that make viewers buy the latest HDTVs ... I've even noticed in my local papers that this movie is going bad Views are not "artistic", while PRO Iraq war movies are good thumbs for seemingly "balanced" and "captivating". One wonders how much all mainstream media is in the hands of a group of men. I bet this feature will be a hit abroad, much more so than in North America. As I mentioned earlier, this is all a satire about American foreign policy and how it was kidnapped by "special interest" groups ... It is quite offensive when the "regular" American soldier sees the "Tamerlane" company logo in his Battlesuit BUT EFFECTIVE, when it comes to showing the reality as it is, or soon will be so far. <br /> <br /> Some PRICELESS footage: "Liberation" invades the country into commercial advertising; a funny scene about how future journalists will likely collect "news" ("something must be better than those X-box steers"))); Soldiers who deal with their "frustration"; <br /> <br /> In general, I do not recommend this to "conservative" or "hard core" patriots of any kind. This feature is not intended to reach people's "soul spirits" (as mainstream propaganda and commercial interests try always to do this.) Instead, it contains a message that is clearly defined for realists, and ideological goals that seemingly "always" about to be realized.
