Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for the CIA. He is ordered to go to the land of Turaquistan, a country that the United States has "liberated" and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate Tamerlane, who "reunites" the country, will not stand for Shariff, an oil man from a neighboring state who is laying his own pipeline through the war-torn Turquistan. But there Brand encounters difficulties. He meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public the "true" story of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand is appalled to realize that Natalie's handsome face and keen mind force him, unconsciously, to lose focus on his mission. His cover as a fair maker also forces him to meet the country's popular singing Princess Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry in the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements divert Brands attention from the upcoming assassination. Will Brand, with other awkward subordinates and complications, be able to carry out his mission to the satisfaction of Tamerlane's BIG boss, former Vice President (Dan Ackroyd)? It's good for you, John Cusack, to shoot this movie, even if it does not quite stick together. Shot in Serbia, this is a worthy look at what today's Iraq must look like, an upside down country. In one fell swoop, the green zone here is "The Emerald City" and it's apt as this Oz-like neighborhood is trying to keep out the ravages of war that are taking place elsewhere in the metropolis. The cast is very good, with Cusack doing a good job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others who support him in style. Above all, Duff makes a great turn as the heavily accented, heavily painted, potty-filled singer. The revival of the war-torn Baghdad is so real that it hurts, while the costumes and other production values ​​are first-rate. As far as the script is concerned, it's not always coherent, but it certainly has some great dialogues and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hiding place for money and sweets. Brand produces the money, but because he has no sweets, the boy still burns his vehicle. Brilliant! Then the direction is not a complete success, but it does not stay behind often. No, if you have conservative leanings, you probably will not like this movie a bit. However, if you are open and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terrorism," this is a pretty good show. Make an effort to look at it as you'll be supporting those filmmakers who make films outside of the studio's old formulas.
