On this 4th of July weekend, it's encouraging to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence in the movie "War, Inc." alive and good to see. Just like our founding fathers King George III. Giving their collective hand, this film hilariously reveals the warlike war profiteer through the current harvest of capitalist villains who want to privatize the government, including the privatization of the war. <br /> <br /> The cast in this satire shines absolutely. John Cusack is wonderful as a droll, conflict-prone corporate murderer, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is outstanding as a love interest. (Gosh, "George Costanza" was right, Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But John's sister Joan Cusack is really stealing the movie. Her portrayal of a bossy and at the same time sycophantic personal assistant is priceless and more than once I simply could not stop laughing at the brilliance of her performance. Not only does she have fantastic comic timing, her face is as expressive as an actor could ever want. Dan Ackroyd also has a brief but very effective cameo as head of the belligerent society, the Tamerlane Corporation. Ackroyd sits on a "throne" and holds his pants around his ankles. He even looks like the assclown who currently occupies one of our real thrones of power. You do not have to think too hard to recognize this person. Much of this movie was shot in Bulgaria, which is why we see so much real military equipment. (You only know that the US military never helped explain this satirical portrayal of the war profiteer.) I particularly enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif," as played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene where he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a few lines that summarize our overall foreign policy stance towards the foreign leaders we install - and uninstall - in power. <br /> <br /> Of course this movie will not please everyone. If you think that the progressive privatization of our foreign policy, the military, the collection and analysis of intelligence services, penal institutions and the correction system, public health and numerous other government services is a good thing you may not like this movie. However, if you believe that destroying people and countries to increase the bottom line of a business is an abomination that you will appreciate in this film. Nothing could match the spirit of independence more than deserved mockery of corrupt powers.
