The plot of this movie may not be extraordinary, but what makes the movie really special are its characters (and the actors they play, of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the movie, but I would like to say that. This movie is not for everyone! The movie is really funny and you have to be smart as well to get all the satire. If you are not even awake for a second, you will probably miss one of the subtle points. The movie is full of such seemingly trivial but funny stuff - like the announcements in the background of Turaqistan, the ads on the tankers (which I almost missed), and that makes the movie thoroughly funny. John Cusack has the actors played his versatile role very efficiently (where he is also the co-author and producer) and he plays his character? Hauser, the murderer with heart? exquisite. Cusack played a similar role in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his funny disposition in the movie is just great. <br /> <br /> The actress who steals the whole show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Ms. Duff. To be honest, I was a bit disappointed to hear her role in the movie. But after seeing the movie, the disappointment gave much respect to her as an actor. Let's be honest! The child is growing, but yes, her talent too! All the critics who shouted that Hilary can not act will remain silent for a while. Hilary had to play a really complex character? Hard on the outside, but a sweet kid inside? and she is completely justified. It makes you laugh and makes you cry? To make the long story short (because I could forever rave about her), she is BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have also done a good job. Especially the hysterics of Joan are rebellious! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted in such a small role, and his performance was dull. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc., with its intelligent humor always keeps you up to speed with the right amount of twists and turns in the storyline. I would highly recommend this movie (and especially Hilary Duff fans) !!! P.S. - I'm really glad to hear that the movie will soon be released from its limited release and will soon be released elsewhere !!!
