Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is about what the title suggests: the impact of corporations on the war. <br /> <br /> The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) who travels to Turaqistan (not really) land, fyi) to help the US government send their message to Turaqistan's leader. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a lonely man and a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is thrown in. When Yonica marries one of Turaquistan's most important personalities (a son of the president), a subplot is created in which the mercenary has to monitor this star somewhat. The movie starts with a lonely cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the film captivates. With its amusing and fascinating insights into terrorism and politics, the running time of the film is influenced by you. The movie has a lot more action than I expected, with occasional theaters of war, well-choreographed battles and only a few murderous scenes. Although the story is not very deep, the film's simplicity makes the film perfect for both the common man and film critic. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the film, everything revolves around the simplicity very hostile and confused. I thought it was done very well, but others may disagree, and I could understand why. Twist-by-twist is the ultimate goal, and like most movies, it's a real hit / miss situation. Regardless, the film's three authors (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) did a fantastic job in creating a realistic and entertaining satire about the current overseas situation. Joshua Seftel does an outstanding job to assure the film's integrity; do not reduce the material to the most superfluous films (which I feared would happen). Seftel has made the film as perfect as possible: He has created a lively atmosphere that explores both the harsh reality and the caricature craving. - perfect contrast - and the movie feels as if you would see everything. Seftel really gets you into the action and it pays off. No missteps here. Hopefully he'll do more directing jobs, because he's one of the directors to watch out for.
