Deanna Durbin, Nan Gray, and Barbara Read are "Three Smart Girls" in this 1936 universal film, in which Deanna Durbin is introduced to the film audience. It also features Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Winninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It's a sweet story about three young women now living in Switzerland with their divorced mother and hearing that their father (Winninger) is remarrying. After they have not seen him for ten years and know that their mother still loves him, they go to America with the help of the housekeeper / nanny to finish the wedding. When they realize that the intended "Precious" (Barnes) is nothing more than a gold digger supported and supported by her mother (Brady), they arrange for her to be introduced to a wealthy earl. This is arranged by the tax adviser of her father (king). The man he chooses is a full-time drunk (auroch), but the girls confuse him with an actual wealthy earl (Milland). What a mess. <br /> <br /> This is a delightful movie that is neither pure nor too sweet and has some nice performances, especially by Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. The young women are pretty and they all work well. Of course, the focus is on the young Durbin, a natural actress and a well-trained singer. In fact, her voice as a boy is much more balanced than in adults - she has no problems with the high notes, as later, because she put too much weight in the middle voice. She is singing a delightful "Il Bacio" in a police station. <br /> <br /> One of the nicest things in this movie is that the father, played by Charles Winninger, does not want his children around - until he sees them and gets to know them. Barnes as a gold digger is not too young, but the mother of the girls looks high up. The conclusion was probably the older man, who seeks his youth with a younger, more glamorous woman. In fact, he finds the youth he sought in his daughters. Universal gives Durbin the big star here - she has the last shot in the movie. Ray Milland was still paying his contributions at the time, and it's likely to be a surprise to movie fans to see how young and attractive he is. <br /> <br /> Very entertaining and of course, this led to a great sequel to fame for Deanna.
