Deanna Durbin, 14 at the time and under contract with MGM, shot a short film in 1936, which she put together with Judy Garland, one year younger, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer decided that he did not need two competing young singers, bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, dumped her in Three Smart Girls, and rewrote the script to enhance her role. She is charged last, but with the typographic equivalent of neons around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be a blast, and they were right. Three Smart Girls is less of a musical and more of a screwball comedy, and Durbin, 15, when the movie was released, wears it with flying colors. She's Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save her father, who divorced her mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a wild mother. They talk about Switzerland, where they live, to New York City, where their father lives. Not only do they want to dissolve their father's wedding, they also want to reunite their father with their mother, who still loves the guy after ten years. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing one or two songs in her warm, luscious soprano? Nope. Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and marital material on their way? Nope again. Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying she could not play little Miss Fixit forever. She was right of course, but in Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has the little Miss Fixit. Durbin is funny, determined, imaginative, energetic and of course natural. Her personality is so genuine that this comedy is a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful avarice - downright loveable. <br /> <br /> Durbin wears the movie with ease. It's a lot of fun to see how she can defend herself against Binnie Barnes, like Donna Lyon, the woman with hooks in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who did not steal. Alice Brady, who played the dithering matron in My Man Godfrey, plays the mother of Donna Lyons, who is even more gold digger than her daughter. The last of the accomplished Farceurs is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who is confused by a successful and amusing mix with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls holds a light and amusing comedy about manners and mix-ups. Also Deanna Durbin as a brand new star, who has saved the bacon of Universal with their great success.
