Deanna Durbin has really saved Universal from bankruptcy and made it possible to stay a big studio. By the mid-1930s, most of the great directors who had been with Universal were Milestone, Browning and Wyler. Only James Whale remained, but his prestigious horror films were behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland appeared in a short "Every Sunday". First, Garland was proposed for the role of Penny in "Three Smart Girls". When Garland was unavailable, Universal switched to Durbin. She was definitely a supportive player at first, but her potential was so alive that the script was rewritten to make her a star. Directed by Henry Koster, the film had a European touch. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a beautiful panorama of a lake in the "Switzerland". The "three smart girls" of the title - three sisters, Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Read) and Penny (Deanna Durbin), sail with Penny and give "My Heart is Singing" their magnificent voice. Not everything is good on the home front - her father plans to remarry a younger woman (Binnie Barnes). The three girls, with the help of their faithful nurse (Lucille Watson), decide to go to New York and reunite him with their mother. Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as Robert Taylor's stern mother in "Waterloo Bridge" (1941). <br /> <br /> Donna is a gold digger who, along with her sullen mother (Alice Brady), is determined to marry Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone without a filmmaking experience, Deanna is as wonderful as Penny, a typical pesky, over enthusiastic little sister, and she's as pretty as a picture. When she sings "Someones to Care for Me" to her father, you will simply melt - what a beautiful voice she had. She also has one of the funniest lines in the movie. When her father comforts her with "I'll take you to the zoo tomorrow," she replies, "Oh, I can see enough monkeys here." With the help of Bill Evans (John King.)) They decide to hire a "count" (Mischa Auer) for the romance Donna. They date a nightclub, but due to a mix-up, Lord Michael Stuart (Ray Milland) is considered the Count and Donna falls in love with him (she thinks he owns half of Australia !!!). The plan fails when he falls in love Kay and Donna want to accelerate their marriage with Judson. <br /> <br /> Penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away. She is taken to the local police station, where she charms the police with her interpretation of "Il Bacio" (she tries to convince her that she is a young opera singer). Everything ends happily when her mother (Nella Walker) goes to patch The thing with her father and in the meantime makes Donna acquaintance with the forged Earl (Mischa Auer) and sails with him to Australia. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
