I am surprised by the comments from posters that say Jane Powell made the same films that Deanna Durbin made. Although both of them were young sopranos whose film images were designed by Joe Pasternak, they were, if this film was a clue, almost opposite opposites. While DREI SMART GIRLS Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss" Fixit "who, after some setbacks, manages to reunite her divorced parents, Jane Powell almost destroys the connection between her mother, Mom Jeanette, in her half-remake" THREE DARING DAUGHTERS " MacDonald and new stepfather Jose Iturbi, as she does not accept him and strong arms her younger siblings, also refuse him.From the Durbin and Powell movies that I have seen, I would say that these different qualities are the early films of this <br /> <br /> As for Durbin's appearance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it completely win-win and very impressive, though it's clear from her occasionally shrill and exaggerated line readings in some of the more energetic scenes, This is an early film for Deanna, the self-confident, knowledgeable, and naturally flaring kind of person Considered way in which she pretends her lines and plays in total. and the muted and tender way in which she projects the more serious scenes would never have thought that this was the FIRST film role of a 14-year-old girl whose work experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of singing lessons. <br /> <br /> Given the fact that this film and Durbin were widely released even then as "Universal's last chance," production must have been an incredibly stressful situation for a movie starter of all ages, but you You never know the ease and security that Durbin displays on screen. Although they still developed their acting style and their behavior in front of the camera obviously (this also applies to the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries like Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projected in front of the camera an extraordinary presence and heat she is absolutely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, she manages to remain immensely sympathetic despite the often spirited impulsiveness of her character, and though she is occasionally shrill, she never projects for a second Coys and archways of which were many child stars including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed her success. <br /> <br /> In short, Durbin, like all the great singers, was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, although Durbin's pure lyric soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, for me it was the most remarkable thing about how she can project her songs without the slightest influence or "grandnes" of singing adult opera singers like Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films from this period is very appealing. The film is also delightful, heavily influenced by the screwball comedy, and it supports Durbin with a creme de la creme of top-notch screwball pros like Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is easy and entertaining. It's hardly realistic, but why would anyone expect that? If you want: "realistic" rent THE GRAPES OF WRATH OR TRIUMPH OF THE WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real, sweet, fun and entertaining family comedy with a wonderfully charismatic and gifted adolescent "lead" and great supporters, this movie will not let you down.
