"Twelve Monkeys" is strange and disturbing and at the same time clever and intelligent. It cleverly jumps between the future and the past, and the story it tells is about a man named James Cole, a convict sent to the past to collect information about a man-made virus that killed 5 billion people Population wiped out on the planet in 1996. First, by accident, Cole is sent back to the year 1990 and, through a misfortune, taken to a mental institution where he tries to explain his purpose, and where he found a psychiatrist. Kathryn Railly is trying to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Provocative and somehow so reasonable, with and between reason and madness, the film is an absolute masterpiece in the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> The story is just fantastic. It's so original and so entertaining. The script itself, written by David and Janet Peoples, is inspired by a movie called "La Jetée" (1962) that I did not see, but I have to thank the director and writer of the film, Chris Marker, for He gave such inspiration to the writers of "Twelve Monkeys". I've read a bit about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so this is not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed that inspiration into a modernized story that reflects on people's need for a solution to the maintenance of human existence. This is done in such a beautiful and realistic way that it is guaranteed to thrill from beginning to end. The music used in the film is weird and somehow so funny and amusing that it does not really fit unless you really understand it and if you really notice it's so intriguing, composed by Paul Buckmaster. Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python as director of the film, was a real surprise to me, as I never really thought of him as a director type of person. I know he has made films, but I really could not believe he could do such a great thing. It should not come as a surprise, because it does amazing work. You can still feel the same weirdness as in the Pythons, but for me, governing is pretty flawless, though in its strange way of describing things, some scenes are strangely disturbed. Yes, it is indeed weird, weird, bizarre and disturbing, so the movie gets a bit heavy, so it's probably going to be difficult for the weak onlookers to see it all the way. It's not as hard as you can imagine, but it just has those certain things that are sometimes pretty strict for their own purposes. Nevertheless, the film holds this pure intelligence in itself and through flashbacks, dreams, leaps between past and future, he mixes the whole story in a very clever way and makes the plot in no way messy it takes but concentration of the audience. <br /> <br /> What happens to the actors, well, the movie does not even go awry. The role of James Cole is played by the mighty Bruce Willis, who is likely to do his best ever role performance. People might disagree with me because he did a good job in "The Sixth Sense", but for me, James Cole's role was so great for Willis and he does it incredibly well. The character is also very well written, but played even better. Cole questions his own existence and deals with himself. He asks about his actual lifetime, tries to survive and to find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. He loses his faith through the trouble and asks if he can trust or believe himself. Other noteworthy role models are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, the psychiatrist of James Cole, who sees something weirdly familiar in Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. Somehow she starts to believe Cole's story, but as a belief in science, she tries to find solutions and tries to deal with reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and he also has one of his best role performances so far. The character's crazy but witty personality even earned Pitt an Oscar nomination for him, so I did not praise the honestly fabulous performance for nothing. All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience, and it will certainly be a recommendation for everyone, especially for the science fiction fans. It contains brilliant characters and great role models, especially by Willis and Pitt, as well as an original and entertaining story that makes such an intelligent and smart act. The aforementioned weird and disturbing attracts the viewer's attention by making it interesting and funny. It's also an explosive thriller and it also has romance in it, so all in one package and that makes it one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen. The strange but terrific vision of Terry Gilliam makes it possible to stay in balance despite the bumpy yet somehow stable ride. Really hard to explain, but that's the way it is, it's amazing.
