The story of this movie is really remarkable. A virus has come off and only 1% of humanity has survived. The only thing we know now is that animals rule the land above, and there are posters everywhere that say, "The twelve apes did it." True, humanity had to hide from the disease that had killed over 500 billion people. Apparently animals do not get sick with this disease. Day after day, the scientists present try to find out which disease has caused this. how it was created; If nature did it or a mere human created it. All they know is that in a city above them a lot of animals are running around, the deaths started in 1996-1997 and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) So, a current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After doing his "volunteer work," he is asked to be sent back to 1996 to find out what has happened to the world. Cole accepts and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begins. Throughout history, the time machine gets the date wrong a few times, from 1990 to a few years in the fifties. (In the middle of the war.) Throughout the time of the back and forth, James begins to bury his head in his head, and that twists the story. The whole story is very well done and I would have gotten a higher score if it had not ended it. Personally, I did not like the end of the movie and was very disappointed. I had only expected a more explanatory end than what had happened, but not everyone thinks that way. So I gave him an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I would give him a 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For the entire acting of the film I give him an A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and he is good, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so great that he understands the character so well. I never really cared for Brad Pitt until I saw him in this fight club. There are characters or similar in this movie, he's just a little bit more ... crazy in this movie. Overall, I think that this movie is well worth it. For most people, it's a great science fiction movie, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
