NB: spoiler inside. This great movie is about so many things that have all been successful: science-fiction time travel, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, what-is-real syndrome, gradual undermining of belief systems, global bioterrorism, and a looming love story /> <br /> The effects of the twisted timeline of the story provoke fierce debates - witness the discussions on this site; In extreme cases you can read the dissertation under www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Angry! This time emphasis speaks mainly for the brilliant conspiracy that comes from the great work of the writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker's La Jetee. This is without a doubt one of the most successful and fascinating time travel films ever conceived. But there are many other levels that speak here. <br /> <br /> The movie's true genius is to focus on the nasty side effects of time travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, who does the best job of his career here). His journey goes from the gung-ho vaccine hunting warrior to the victim, which has gradually been knocked out of control? and back again. The other wide arc of the story increasingly emphasizes the personal story between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (the wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I love the simultaneous shift / opposing view of these two characters. In the flea bag hotel room scene it comes to a head for me. At this point, James? once grasped by an unshakeable destiny? now he is completely in doubt about his own reality; while Dr. Railly? the cool and rational scientist? After taking James's evidence, he was finally convinced of his terrible predictions. Her desperation to get through to James and cling to the mission shows how far she has come. Gilliam makes us take care of these characters, especially through the crescendo of tension that permeates their lives. The balance between emotional roller coaster and mountable science fiction puzzle / thriller is exquisite. And the dissolution of the airport is wholeheartedly because we see it coming so clearly through James' dreams. It's here, right after James decided to leave the mess? and is his madness fighting more than ever? that he steps back on the plate and does what is necessary for humanity. Do you see Jose and the gun? (Just before that, references to Hitchcock's Vertigo and impersonation / confusion are brilliant.) This is a movie that has to be beaten out between thinking people; Not only does it withstand repeated visits, it also challenges them. "Twelve Monkeys" is intelligent, provocative, bizarre, funny and exciting. <br /> <br /> The understudy is outstanding, especially Brad Pitt steals all his scenes and shows great flexibility, like Jeffery Goines, crazy and spoiled, but always the survivor. And there are David Morse as Dr. Peters (interesting how the film leaves the observer with his evil motivation) and Christopher Plummer as a dr. Goines. The biggest awards, however, include Terry Gilliam, who - just now - surpasses his outstanding "Brazil" here. (Of course, there are many parallels, especially the lonely fighter trying to escape his crumbling environment: insanity inside, madness without.) Each frame of this movie has its own stamp and tone. The soundtrack is great too. <br /> <br /> This is one of the great achievements of the 90s, a real favorite of mine and will certainly take a long time to come.
