I usually try to avoid sci-fi movies as much as possible, because this is not a genre that really appeals to me. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time it's not for me. However, there is one movie in the genre where I will always give a place in my list of top movies. This is the "Twelve Monkeys" that I remember was completely blown away the first time, but even now that I've seen it several times, I'm still one of the biggest fans. Every time I see it, this movie always seems to get better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all people live underground because an unknown and deadly virus wiped out 5 billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and was selected as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to get information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe it was propagated by a mysterious group called "The Twelve Monkeys" and require the virus before it is mutated for scientists to study. But her time-travel machine is not working perfectly yet and he's accidentally sent to the year 1990, where he's drunk. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist and virus expert. <Br /> <br /> What I like so much about this movie is the fact that it's never clear if everything you see is real or not. Is this just an illusion that arises in the mind of a mentally ill man, or is it really? Does he really come from the future and can he really travel through time? Was the population really eradicated by a virus released by the Twelve Monkeys? These are all questions that will surprise you from start to finish. If the creators of this film had decided to make everything more obvious, I would be sure that I would never have liked it as much as I do now. It's just this mystery that interests me again and again. But of course that's not the only good thing about this movie. The spectacle is amazing too. Normally I'm not a big fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he should have won several awards, because along with the amazing story, they have made this movie so incredibly good. <br /> <br /> Even after several visits, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Apart from this movie, I just saw another Terry Gilliam movie. This is "Fear and Loathing Las Vegas", which was not bad but did not really convince me. However, it is this movie that really makes me happy for its other work. I give him a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
