Terry Gilliam and David Peoples have collaborated to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 90s. People's proved a script with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I especially love the idea that you can not change the past. is it a nice counterpoint to so many time-traveling films that say otherwise? biological Holocausts and the thin line between reason and insanity. Gilliam visualized his ideas with unique bizarre, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is captivating: One man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heartwarming performance) travels several decades into the past to retrieve information about a virus that has wiped out humanity and few survivors lived underground: the information it will collect, the scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone can return in the future to the surface. But because their time-traveling technology is not perfect, it is sent into the past and complicated. And from this follows a brilliant science-fiction thriller with nuances of film noir, while the numerous parts of a giant jigsaw are put together into a bizarre narrative, in the animal rights activists, end of the millennium, paranoia, biological weapons, the perception of reality and perception Reality involves the definition of reason. With such a complex film, it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess, but instead Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking narrative that will delight those who like to be challenged and have patience to appreciate some crazy ideas /> I saw this movie about 10 years ago. It has influenced me a lot: I remember thinking about it for many days afterwards. that seemed quite amazing for my young mind and it was one of the first films that got me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I saw this movie on DVD a few days ago and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes in which he plays Jeffrey Goines? almost a prelude to his Tyler Durden character in the Fight Club? a rich kid with anarchist / non-compliant ideas, who is also crazy and may be responsible for the virus, according to Cole. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the madhouse are the best in the movie. Pitts eyes, the voice and quirky mannerisms, make sure that it really is a crazy guy who gets into a distorted logic that only he understands. Pitts Oscar nomination was well deserved! Also surprising was Bruce Willis's performance: I could not remember well, but she is beautiful and full of sensitivity. He plays a man who has spent most of his life underground, and when he comes into the past, sharing his childhood fascination with something that's as easy as breathing the fresh morning air or the rising of the sun. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, Peoples' attempt to bring some darkness into him, and he does other disturbing things to other people and to himself: The scene in which he removes his own teeth shows how far his dementia went unchecked is. Ironically, Cole did not start out as a crazy character, but when he starts warning everyone about the end of the world, he is thought to be crazy and convinced that everything is in his head until he arrives at a point where he has past and future can not distinguish reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and unsure, and it works perfectly. One of the funny twists in the narrative is that Coles reduction, dr. Kathryn Railly, is an undeniable proof that he really is from the future and has now once again to convince him of his mission to save the world. The script is full of funny twists like this and keeps the movie moving at a fast pace. Her relationship is also good-natured, though compressed for time reasons. But I enjoyed it, Cole and Railly to look at how she falls in love and tries to escape the authority of the future to lead a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in a tragic / bittersweet climax at an airport that packs all the pieces together, which will destroy many thoughts. <br /> <br /> There are two big ends in this movie, a Se7en or Fight Club twist, and a more intimate ending where Railly squats next to Cole, who's been shot, and looks for a younger James Cole who is witnessing his future autopsy; The two look at each other for a moment and she smiles at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer that end to the emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good at it. Railly, she has drawn many different feelings from me in her performance. The film is full of fatalism with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film shows this in a formidable way. It reminds me in this sense of Chinatown, the way Jake Gittes messes up the more he tries to help. Railly's character shares this fatalism the more she tries to help Cole? First to deal with his "madness" and then help him in his mission? The more they are drawn into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The phrase ends with a hopeful note, but with the feeling that Cole's mission was not in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to watch if you want to be entertained; It should not be art, although there are more artists than many artistic films. It's an unpretentious movie in which all the elements, from music to cut to costume design and so on, have been wonderfully combined into a modern masterpiece of cinema.
