Without a doubt, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best films in the science fiction genre, and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger to enforcing such cinematic originality. An apocalyptic film that totally captivates you, 12 MONKEYS never gives up and lets you guess all the way. The excellent use of venues in Philadelphia and the Underworld creates a gothic sense of tragedy and two people caught in the wrong place in time. Bruce Willis escapes his macho image and portrays a true lover who just rightly has all that is going to happen. He is actually reasonable, but the people of the future (or the present, if you like) distort the head of this man through time travel, no wonder he is deciphering himself. He is sent to World War I, shortly after Beng was sent off to the wrong year, to find out how the Twelve Monkeys army is deducting the destruction of civilization as we know it. They finally made it and in a truly remarkable script that fits the performance, we see Willis, Madeleine Stowe, and an ominous Brad Pitt, who has been referenced over a 6 year period. <br /> <br /> Stowe is sensual and solid as the risk taker, who slowly realizes that Willis is not as crushed as he seems. A fascinating element of the relationship between her and Willis is her feeling of "seeing" herself in another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is essentially about the time and madness into which the futuristic people are plunging, and the time of the present, where murderers and a psychotic genius can change the world, a gothic backdrop to Willis's effort to fulfill his mission, which - contrary to all the usual Hollywood prejudices - should NOT save the world. He collects information. The film also plays tricks on the viewer and puts Willis in a new environment at the touch of a button. It must have been an extremely difficult picture, but Gilliam seems to be the master of hard-nosed filmmaking. He even has humor that reminds of other great works like TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The canvas is the screen of this man and he knows how to paint a sometimes frightening picture of the world and its possible future in the mainstream atmosphere of big-budget films. If you want a righteous madness and an ironic tragedy, read 12 MONKEYS. <br /> <br /> RATING: 9 out of 10
