Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have been around for ages, ever since science fiction was created as a genre in itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what might become of the future in the near future, and that our own abuses and rejections, to see in mind what is right, are the focus of all these stories, whether they are good are or not bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is natural for this kind of movie. It gives the film a decadent feel, showing a society plagued by its own excesses and evoking the feeling of imminent tragedy, even though it has moments of comedy. His world, the world TWELVE MONKEYS is in, is a place where the rabid fall wildly, cities collapse into dirt and neglect, where, despite the brilliance of the opening sequence, everything stinks of foreboding, where madness pops up on every corner. This is a very dark film, but its best, most linear (despite the plot twisting that defies the test), and one that gets better with repeated considerations. A tragic event that produces a deadly movie The virus was unleashed on humanity in 1996, eradicating life on the planet as we know it. It leads the scientists of the future to try to change the fate of humanity on earth through the use of citizens The Earth - as guinea pigs go back in time, including a James Cole (undercut by Bruce Willis with great effect) , Cole could be any person. We do not know anything about him, but in a way this does not matter, since he is little more than one of many expendable volunteers and hints that his character will creep in later as he gets closer to his mission. What we do know is that he is a man who dreams, and his dreams may have been reality: he may have been at the scene of 1996. <br /> <br /> It is this constant feeling of Deja Vu that appears during the whole movie again and again. When he was accidentally taken to a mental hospital in 1990, he meets Jeffrey Goines (spiked by Brad Pitt, who was nominated for an Oscar here), who is desperately spitting on doom and destruction. Later, Cole thinks he has seen Goines as a dream in his recurring dream, pushing a boy aside ... what? He does not know. Later, he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first reactions to him is that he is crazy and that she has seen him before. As she takes part in this story, it becomes an ongoing idea, from passive / resilient to active and even slightly crazy conviction that Something Terrible is coming this way, especially when she meets him six years later: she's seen Cole before , At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he still has, in which she also plays a role as a blonde woman running down the aisle and screaming for help after shots and a particularly red-haired man in a ponytail have rung ( Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently escaped, not before he came across the little boy who is an innocent bystander. The questions arise: have these events happened? Will they happen? Who is really a part of it or better: Are everyone, except for the smallest player, part of a bigger story? Or is it all a trick in the time, in which Time itself is a huge conveyor belt that shows repetitions of fragments of events that pass by again and again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterly order that includes key scenes from Alfred Hitchcock's VERTIGO masterpiece, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her own short existence ("They did not notice," she says Cole.) And Railly watches from their seats in the cinema, where they hide. Dialog sections of VERTIGO form a foil for the dialogue between Railly and Cole. Later, when Cole awakens that he seems to have fallen asleep in the theater looking for Railly, he sees himself disguised (almost accurate) like Eva Maria Saint of NORTH BY NORTHWEST, as the swollen score of Bernard Herrmann plays Judy Barton's appearance , disguised as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequence, mostly because of the unlikely occurrence of the actors' names in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who wears a blonde wig and a gray trench coat and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while calling herself a "madman" helps "man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective trying to" insanely "help Madeleine Elster, who will later reappear not once, but twice as brunette Judy Barton and later as Madeleine.Action and re-enaction, Play and Replay.
