Just a joke, I recently rented 12 Monkeys because I'm a big Bruce Willis fan and heard a few things about the movie. Some good and others, but it was one of those movies you had to watch every second, so I was a bit worried. Just because for a minute I felt like this was one of those movies that I had to watch several times to get. But I saw it last night and I was really impressed. Everything was included in this film: action, drama, science fiction, history, dark humor and even a little romance. The actors have all done a great job, I value Bruce a lot, in his scene in the car with his psychiatrist he really understood me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just amazed at how great his job was. He has not surpassed his character, who was crazy, and let it just work and was extremely credible. The story was just scary, but very good and a wake up call. James Cole is a man of the future who has had a virus in the past, killing 5 billion people and surviving only 1% of the population, including him. Animals are now ruling the ground while humans are down, but scientists are sending James into the 1990s (which actually means he sent him in '96) to get information about the virus. James is taken to a mental institution where he and his new psychiatrist, Drs. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines, get together. He tells them the future, of course nobody believes him, he goes back to the future. But the scientists send him back to the year in which the doctor is kidnapped by James, but he tells her more and believes him. Now they want to prevent the virus from ever happening. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys was an incredible movie. As I said, the story was so scary just because it's not hard to believe we're not far from it. But the whole movie was just great, the cast, the sets, just the whole picture was great. It had a sort of Terminatorian feeling that one day we might lose something precious if we did not listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys. It's a great movie. If you give him the chance, I'm sure you'll enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
