An astonishingly bold film interweaves seemingly effortless camera works with superb casting and an explosive soundtrack to highlight the damaging effects of the crimes and corruption of the underworld of Santiago on two naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. </ Br>> Film debutante Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in a nightclub that belongs to the face of the new mini-wave of Chilean film production Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, matured by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced that after a night in the strip club for the seventh birthday of his younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda) to become Trejo's leading henchman. From the founding scene of this opening scene, the film explodes in neo-noiric exploration of what the outside world does not normally expect to be so stereotypically conservative and catholic in this country. Gracia seduces the fascination of the three men as honey bees, although the circular narrative of the tripartite fantasy romance is about the linear representation of the main international drug deal between the men of Trejo and the "Gringo" Eduardo Barril. Power relations become an important issue as the outsiders of society merge into a mini-family. The prostitute has an exotic spell over all Chilean men in the film, emerging from their ambiguous position in the periphery of society, and is considered the key to the future of all three men. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana becomes important as the parents of the boys are conspicuous by their absence (it is believed that they still live in Temuco). That is why Trejo, el padrino, "adopted" Cantillana and made him a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes a desperate outsider, as his dependence on his "father figure" Cantillana is increasingly burdened by jealousy over the beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains trapped by the compulsion to be in school - dependent on Cantillana, who is dependent on Trejo to survive the money. Trejo, on the other hand, is under the thumb of the "Gringo," and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and strip clubs. The figure of Gracia acts like a time bomb, which is considered a beautiful firework, it envelops a web of beauty within the patriarchy, but the burden can only lead to a climax. <br /> <br /> When the tensions of these power relations come At least, Gracia remains ambiguous. The spectator is never sure to which male figure she will commit herself. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shootout that re-realigns the power relations and wipes out half of the main male protanganists. The last shot of Miranda's beaten face racing on the PanAmericano highway is desperately powerful. The boy was attracted by the lure of the city's underworld, but lost his only visible family and his wife, who is his only girlfriend in the movie. He has nothing The parent metaphors are brave and courageous. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The ideas of family, no sex before marriage, etc. are abolished, and instead the hard realities of the other side of the coin of Santiago are depicted in all their cruel glory. Trejo beats Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda love each other in a movie theater room - a whore who has sex with a minor she hardly knows. The "Gringos" have a financial impact on this small Latin American nation, but not through the copper mines, on illegal drug trafficking. Waissbluth's triumph lies in his presentation of this dark underworld, which raises so many social issues, perhaps more than the record-breaking successful Sexo Con Amor, within a smooth, slick punk of a movie starring Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres, and El Chacotero Sentimental firmly in position provides cinematic evidence that Chile is really artistically alive 15 years after the censorship of the military regime in the post-transition period.
