Director and writer Andrés Waissbluth spent seven years completing this two-hour film about the underground crime scene in Santiago de Chile, and perhaps that's one of the reasons the resulting film appears episodic and editorial. OR, maybe this is the technique of a director who has a keen sense of film noir storytelling. Two brothers - Silvio the Elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the Younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - have moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio supports Victor in training. On Victor's seventeenth birthday, Silvio brings the maiden to the clubs, where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity to one of the club's stripper / prostitutes. In a tender scene, Victor has to face his burgeoning impotence, while Silvio is on the club floor, impressing the "owners" with his potential for hiring. <br /> <br /> Silvio works as a bodyguard for the gang / stooges and earns good money to support Victor's education. However, Victor has eyes for one of the dancers in the club called Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts to woo her. He leaves school and brings Silvio's furious disappointment. Gracia happens to be the squeeze of club leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), head of Silvio! Gracia is the putty that holds this story together because she is the personality of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual and the consequences of this bizarre ménage that has a trinity to fatal consequences. By re-telling the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio, and Gracia, we understand the flaws and tears in each character that make possible the demise that results. <br /> <br /> Sounds like a Chilean pulp fiction? Well, it is and is filmed in a brutally colorful, dark way that involves a lot of frontal nudity (both female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, it's the sensual aspect of the director's vision that drives this movie by playing successfully on the debut virgin psyche against the die-hard professional sex worker. The cast is pretty strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia. There are enough twists and turns and repetitions of incidents that you believe have understood the first consideration, but their effects change dramatically when told by the eyes of another character. After two hours, a reasonable cut would have improved the effect of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who love the trendy film noir style and the art of South American cinema. Grady harp
