*** SPOILERS *** One of Hollywood's first WWII films, showing how the war has affected these GIs, or in this case US Marines, who fought it. <br /> <br /> 21-year-old Al Schmid, John Garfield, had just started living a well-paid job that earned $ 40.00 a week at the local steel mill and the girl Ruth Hartley, Elenore Parker, he wanted to marry when the Japs screwed him up, and millions of equally young Americans who attacked the US Pacific fleet at Pearl Harbor. As a US citizen, Al immediately took over the US Marine Corps and hoped to be able to return to the Japs, knowing that the Marines would be the first American combat units to attack them. <Br Al finally had his chance when his unit, the 1st Marine Division, landed in Guadalcanal on the far-flung Solomon Islands on August 7, 1942, to hire the Japanese in control. During the Battle of the River Ilu, Al almost stopped with one hand a massive attack by the Japanese Banzai, who blew his machine gun and a series of suicide bombing of the determined Japs until the help or reinforcements finally arrived. It was during the bloody fight when Al was hit in the face by a Jap grenade, which eventually blinded him. Now in those states recovering in a naval hospital, Al faces a much more difficult-to-manage face then struggled with an attack by a battalion of Japanese or German soldiers. He faces a future in which he will never see again, and he must rely on others to take care of him or for him! <br /> <br /> In the movie "Pride of the Marines" we can see the Battle of Al himself much more difficult when he was doing the Japanese troops on Guadalcanal just as he was getting over his handicap. I do not want anyone, especially his girlfriend Ruth, to feel sorry for him. Al is actually the one who regrets himself more than anyone else in the movie. With the help of Navy Nurse Virginia Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp and Ruth along with his US Navy comrade Lee Diamond, Dane Clark, Al in the end gives the courage to endure his blindness with the same strength that he faced wave after wave of Japanese troops Gudalcanal. A courage that Al had lost in the godforsaken island hell in the South Pacific. <br /> <br /> Based on the true story of US Navy sergeant Albert Schmid, "Pride of the Marines" showed what we should expect from the tens of thousands of wounded US soldiers returning from the war. We can see that in many ways it was much harder for war opponents to get used to a peaceful America than they left something on the battlefield, as in the case of Al Schmid. Al's fight with his personal demons was far more difficult than the Japanese he fought in because they were part of him and therefore had to fight himself to overcome them and eventually defeat them. Despite the help he received from both Sister Virginia and his girlfriend Ruth and his Navy doctor, who resembled actor Gregory Peck, it was still Al's ability to overcome the fears he faced. Fears that he and only he had to both fight and overcome, as he was said by everyone in the film, all alone.
