I've probably not seen this movie for 35 years, and when I recently realized that it will be back on TV (cable) for the first time in a long time (I'm not available on video), I made sure of myself did not miss it. And unlike so many other movies that seem to lose their shine the last time I look, I found that the visual images of "Pride of the Marines" were as vivid and effective as I initially remembered. What makes this movie so special? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his naval submachine gun during the Battle of Tenaru on Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains 95% faithful to the book on which it is based. "Al Schmid, Marine" by Roger Butterfield, who only varies so much that he fulfills the time constraints of a film. This is not a typical "war movie" in which the action takes center stage, and in fact the war scene is only about 10 minutes in the middle of the movie. But it's memorable 10 minutes filmed in the night light to depict a night battle, and they lack the shepherdess or falseness that usually plagues the genre. The natural drama of what happened there was, in a sense, more than enough to convey to the audience the ugly, brutal, and brutal nature of the struggle, and probably to shock the audience when it was seen right after the war. This film is not about "glorifying" the war; I can not imagine anyone seeing this fight scene and WANTING to volunteer for service. At least not right away. <br /> <br /> What this film really is about are the consequences of the struggle and how injured men can learn to reclaim their lives. There's an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men talk about it, and I think that's another reason why the movie was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. There is a "dream" sequence made in reverse (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and also the acting is strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temper and Schmid values ​​were almost equal. Garfield got to know Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as possible about the man and his role. Actors do not do that much anymore, but it's just another reason why this film manages to tell such a difficult, unattractive story.
