In terms of films based on scripts from another area (or whatever the title for this Oscar is), "Holes" has credibility. I think it's better if the author creates the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a screenplay to save his life, have him and a sketchy script writing talent created. Apart from that, this review is "holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and a spoiler could be found in it. (1) Louis Sachar is an outstanding author, and it turns out that he can write a screenplay. I saw the movie and then read the book, and both stank neither of incoherence nor stupidity. Some people have only natural talents that can go beyond the medium. (2) The Best Performance Award goes to Shia LaBeouf for his portrayal as the lead character. He "dug" himself into the role. I wanted to see his character confirmed before graduation. (3) To make up for the tension, Andrew Davis was brought in. This is the man who made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast. He can also have some heads smashed to Steven Seagal. As for the movie, he made holes in Shia and the other boys. In other words, he can do an "action-packed" movie and do it well, though "action" is not the main genre of "action." (4) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes a stupid role produces the best of a performer. When Voight said the line "Once upon a time ..." I laughed for half a minute because it was so funny. He is a comedic and should investigate a few more roles that make him practice this talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid when he gets a solid script. This is probably the second best role I've ever seen him in (second only "Oh Brother Where are you?"). (6) I love the choice of settings for the movie. I did not know that California was so dry or so barren. I think the numbers of population and land area can be misleading. (7) The overall picture of the movie made me want another bottle of water. One can only imagine digging a hole in this barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast should also earn a box of kudos bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Thomas Khleo, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were tapped for their talents and it was very well received. Great cast even though it was near the ensemble. (9) I like a movie that does not explain anything directly. When Stanley was clocked with these baseball bats in my head, I wanted to see how strange the events could be, and that's one of the main ingredients for a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) still needs to make some of these mature youth films. It was tasty for me and I'm a student. The last mature, youthful Disney movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" might outstrip it (as in the 2000 election, it's still too short to name it). Disney can be awesome if you want to expand on this genre and keep an eye on the craftsmanship of milking a cash cow when she sees it. Ten reasons give ten points! <br /> <br /> All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best in this year Oscar material is the best material?). Regarding a movie from a book I read, this is behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is above). For a movie I saw in 2003, this is among the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter," Stanley Yelnats easily picks up a shovel on Harry's head and brings the last killing blow to Potter's nose with a smelly sneaker. Everyone should see this movie because it both informs and entertains. Here ends my cry!
