And I'm serious! Truly one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen. The wonderful thing is that a good book very rarely becomes a movie that is not only good, but, if possible, better than the novel it's based on. Maybe in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it's a rare event. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning has helped the masses, so that the film holds on to the story, but goes further. This movie has many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. Brilliant actor. Both adults and children know these actors as they bring the story to life and present their lines with enthusiasm and style without going overboard, as is sometimes the case with children's films. 3. Stunning scenery. It does not matter if it's Real or CGI, the shot itself is a masterpiece. I especially love the picture of the holes from a bird's eye view. 4. A talented director who breathes life into the book and turns it into a Technicolor genius. The temporal transitions work well and capture the steady climax of the book, which leads to the twists and turns throughout the movie. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who kept me reading a book from start to finish, so I could not lie down. He makes sure the script sticks to the book and adds new bits to make it even better. 6. And if we speak of the script! The one-liners in this one are intelligent, witty and uncomplicated. But there are also parts that make you smile, make you cry, and pull at your heart ties, so you love this story all the more. 7. Nice soundtrack. There's no song in this movie that I'm not in love with, and that's something, considering I should be a punk rocker. The songs blend well with the story, adding extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you want to buy the movie, I recommend that you also buy the soundtrack, especially for "If Only," which focuses on the story and contains the refrain from the book. <br /> <br /> I do not work For the people who made holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, put in my favorite movie and give him the review he deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. At this moment. Go!
