Holes is a story about the past and how it affects the current lives of at least three people. One of them I will call, the other two are puzzles and will remain so. Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnat IV. He has bad luck in life. Bad luck indeed marks the fate of most Yelnats men and has since been run by Stanley IV's "Not Good-Dirty-Rotten Pork Stealing Great-Great-Grandfather". These particular exploits cursed the men of the family for many unfortunate turns. During such a turn, we meet Stanley IV. He has been falsely accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes fresh from a famous homeless shelter donated by a famous baseball player. He has the opportunity to go to jail, or he can build a camp for characters. "I've never been to the camp," Stanley says. The judge sent him enthusiastically to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place with a strange philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, make him dig a hole every day." the hot sun makes him a good boy. 'We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Sir (John Voight), one of the camp's advisors. We immediately have the impression that he is a dangerous man. At least he carries his attitude honestly; he does not think he is nice. The camp council leader, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson), is a very different matter. He is the role of caring sensitive adviser, but he is faster, faster than any other author unleashing the cruelest verbal barbs among his accusations. The overseer has a decided capacity for meanness, but otherwise it is a mystery. These three are in Camp Green Lake, a place that does not have a lake. It's just a dry, dusty desert of holes five feet deep and five feet wide. Its local fauna only seems to be vultures and dangerous poisonous yellow-spotted lizards. Green Lake seems to be a haunted place in many ways. Despite the strange environment and strange story, Holes works because he understands people. Especially because it's honest with how it deals with the inmates of Camp Green Lake. The film shows how boys interact perfectly with each other. It captures how boys can bully each other, how they can be admired, how they fight with each other, and how boys ally on the age line. It is this well-nuanced core that makes everything else credible in the film. What also refreshes this movie is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not bitter about the notorious exploits of his "not-well-dirty-rotten pig-great-great-great-grandfather". In fact, he loves to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and has decided not to let him influence him the way he influenced his father and grandfather. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the movie, but not much lamentation. And that's refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is a smart, insightful and funny family movie. It entertains and not in a cheap way. It's not a comedy, though she laughs. It dares to be convincing, where many family films tend to play safely and conventionally. As such, it transcends the family film genres and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give a 10.
