Gruveyman2 (comment below) You are a total idiot ... blinded by the ignorance of the city you connect to. It is this tiny arrogance that, ironically, you claim that the film airs over SF, making you look like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you found the movie so self-believing is because you are jealous. Of course you do not know because you are so depressed. At first, the film was completely factual about a beautiful city; what was filmed there and what was filmed by some of the better known locals. It says nothing bad about LA. And these accomplished directors are choosing to live in LA in a beautiful city. They know that they attended a film school in LA and are obviously proud of this fact. They acknowledge that SF is near LA, which is an advantage. The only negative that was said about LA was the studio managers. The same studio managers who hated those movies when they saw them for the first time, but then these movies became huge, worldwide feature-length films. Why do not they have an animosity towards the Studio Executive facility and the Studio System? These are the only people who try to "separate" them, for good reasons! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the so-called San Francisco director? How should he not be considered that? And who directed the godfather? Coppola did it. It was his vision that told the story on screen and won the Best Picture Award. So, who gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he did not even want to do the movie ... so, what's your point of view? And what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And that proves how that works? And tell me that they are not really independent when they finance many of their own films. Films that are now considered classics. And when they made studio finance films, it was LA who came to them and said we want you to take these pictures, and second, they used the money they earned from those pictures to fund their own. They said exactly that in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Her bitchy and complacent whimpering would give a semblance of greater self-esteem and credibility if you never step on the floor where you claim to be superior to this movie." <br /> <br / > How the hell can "kidding" and "self-congratulations" suddenly have a "sense" of self-esteem and faith ... if they never go back to LA? What a stupid and pointless comment! They've put in a few big words ... and just do not know how to use them! By the way, they never claimed or said they were superior to LA! What if you gave a New Yorker a prize in LA? So if you go to LA or New York, are you hypocrites, preferring to live in SF? They do not make sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film focused only on one aspect ... filmmaking. If you take the time to type in such uncomfortable comments about the city (not the movie, but the city and its inhabitants), that's just proof of what we Northern Californians hate when they hate LA people! This is a great document ... very interesting, especially if you are from the Bay area ... but I recommend it to anyone.
