As a series, "Zorro's Fighting Legion" are among the best action series of the 1930s. This studio was developed in a time when the studios could still set up a large cast, and has wall-to-wall action in all 12 chapters. <br /> <br /> 1824 the President of the newly formed Republic of Mexico Benito Juarez (Carleton Young)) tries to put his new country on a solid financial footing. To this end, he has arranged for abundant gold shipments to be sent from the local San Mendolita mine to the Capitol. Members of the council are planning to steal supplies on behalf of Don-del-Oro, a gold-armored god hoping to work as the ruler of Mexico with the help of the local Yaqui tribe. He is opposed by Don Francisco (Guy D'Ennery), who forms a legion of natives to help Juarez. When Don Franciso is murdered by the men of Don-del-Oro, a stranger, the stupid Don Diego (Reed Hadley) arrives in the city. Diego aka Zorro takes over the Legion with the help of his friends Ramon (William Corson) and Juan (Budd Buster). The heroine of the play is Ramon's sister Volita (Sheila D'Arcy). <br /> <br /> Both Diego and Ramon are represented in the local Counsil. It soon turns out that some of the other members of the Don-del-Oro council are in league. First there are the chairman of the council (Leander de Cordova), the chief of the militia Manuel (John Merton), the chief judge Pablo (C. Montague Shaw) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb). Zorro suspects that one of these men is Don-del-Oro, but which one? <br /> <br /> What follows are several hair-raising outbreaks of Zorro and his allies before the followers of Don-del-Oro. We have the ubiquitous collapsing rope bridge, the deep gap between two cliffs that only Zorro can bring to safety, and the usual assortment of explosions, fires, carriages, and wagons that fall over the cliff or over the cliff. Hats off to the outstanding team of Republic Stuntman, led by the legendary Yakima Canutt and the Yrigoyen, Bill and Joe. Canutt leads his signature stunt to a team of runaway horses and then falls under the trainer, which he repeated in other films, including John Ford's "Stagecoach" in the same year. In any case, Zorro finally unmasks the false god Don-del-Oro and restores the calm in the valley before entering the sunset in Chapter 12. <br /> <br /> Other performers include Jim Pierce, Curley Dresden and Charlie King as Don del Oro men and if you look closely, you can spot bits of future series stars and Lone Ranger Clayton Moore and Stuntman Canutt in bits , Incidentally, "Big" Jim Pierce is best remembered when he played Tarzan in 1927 "Tarzan and the Golden Liom" (1927) and his marriage to Joan Burroughs, the daughter of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs.
