The trick to creating a good, solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as action, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever been frustrated with an unfinished Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle that takes too long to resolve is no fun anymore. The best thrillers for murderers, be it in film or in print, are small matters that get straight to the point, express their clues, put their suspects in line, and hopefully drive us with a few surprises; be complicated without being overly confusing. And they play fair; On the second, third and fourth inspection of the clues and red herrings, we should wonder just how well it all comes together, as if we were at all astonished. In fact, good thrillers should get better with repeated considerations, as we expect the double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's comedy thriller DEATHTRAP, as he's from Ira Levin's hit Broadway, is a good example. It moves on in a neat clip, cleverly juggles with its clues, is (almost) totally honest with us (even if we're lying to it) and still never reveals where it's going (even if it tells us where to go) , It's not so much a thriller-murder film in the traditional shovel as a movie about murder mysteries that comes from a play about drama-satellites. Instead of going backwards - a murder and then an investigation to explain why it all happened - DEATHTRAP leads us through the crime step by step, leaving much room for the unexpected; As the ads suggest, it is less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often (unfavorably, strangely enough) compared to the game and movie versions of SLEUTH, although in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM, the self-deprecating essay on teeny-bopper horror movies. Like this clever movie, DEATHTRAP calls itself (a thriller thriller), sets its parameters ("a one-sentence five-character moneymaker"), and then deconstructs its genre by revealing itself as "the strangest and most absurd circumstances Entertaining enough to convince an audience to expose their unbelief. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP bravely shares a secret with only five main characters, two of which are of lesser importance. Henry Jones is a jailed attorney who is mostly available for exposure (and gives us his penchant for popular charm), and Irene Worth is all quirks and comic relief psychic sperm as a nominal detective. This leaves three main characters to the killers and / or the victims: It is evidence of Michael Caines abilities that he, as Sidney Bruhl, a passionate mystery playwright, is a character whom we intrinsically like and trust, even though we immediately realize that almost everything he says is a lie. As his enchanting, if somewhat gloomy, wife, Myra, Dyan Canon flirts with a superb rollercoaster ride with a character that alternately seems fragile or overbearing, cunning or hysterical, shy or brave in love with a less than rebellious Sidney. The third corner of this unexpected triangle is an aspiring playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve, so we never know who his character is: avid preppy wannabe author, half innocent victim, or clever, charming sociopath. As the different characters dance around each other, the thoughtful screenplay adapted by the ace writer Jay Presson Allen manages to be thoroughly amusing, even when it creates suspense. And even after the last phrase (an improvement over the finale of the piece), it may not be clear who has manipulated something. Lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so His capable performers have a free hand to expand the characters, and all give sharp, theatrical but subtle work, with Reeve particularly notable. What makes Lumet so good is to work in a confined space. Brilliant as in 12 ANGRY MEN, he takes a one-set game and manages to make it appear endlessly photogenic and spacious with a minimum of opening, which could be cramped, stagy and upright. The area, a country house converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton, it is both cozy and charming, but also scary and treacherous. It's really hard to say where the studio and the actual cottage transcend borders, that the sentence becomes a sixth character. And as a crime scene, it is indeed a very inviting death trap.
