One of the greatest cult classics of B and C-movie producer Roger Corman was the Ramones vehicle (originally earmarked for Cheap Trick), Rock N 'Roll High School. It's just a simple, technically dated story (but would provide extra doses of nostalgic humor considering these were the things that made Napoleon Dynamite's characters laugh - see Eaglebauer's Van) about teenagers who love Rock'n'Roll <br /> The students of Vince Lombardi High School are met with resistance from the wicked Rector Miss Evelyn Togar (played by cult classic Mary Woronov). She fears that Rock N 'Roll turns children into uncontrollable, amoral deviations and vows a Rock N' Roll free zone. In fact, she intends to erase Rock N 'Roll for all students, regardless of whether it's at school, and she has the collaboration of most adults who may succeed in the plan. <br /> <br /> But not if Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help. As a Ramones fanatic, she has written some songs (including Rock N 'Roll High School) that she wants to give to the Ramones, and in her attempt she is rejected by Miss Togar, who does everything she can to keep her from leaving the Ramones playing in the city. It culminates in an ultimate revolt between the outdated adults who hate fun and the teens (in an ending reminiscent of Over the Edge). After the years of the punk, when the fame of garage rocker The Ramones (and others) marked another shift in music development, it was great to see a movie that was having fun with it, and on such a humorous, exaggerated way. <br /> <br /> It's usually a mild comedy, but a great feel-good comedy if you're looking for something more laid-back to entertain you. With Jerry Zucker (of Airplane Fame) and Joe Dante (of Gremlin's fame) both directing, you can get a sense of the humor you have (and not to forget Dick) Miller, though just for a few minutes in the final of the movie). The story must have been later inspired by (and updated accordingly) the comedy Detroit Rock City of the mid-90s, with some minor character changes in the vehicle recommended for old glam rockers, Kizz. I would recommend <br /> <br /> Almost a decade later, the Rocky High School Forever was launched by Corey Feldman. The original is still the best.
