After seeing David Shepard's abridged print, I finally had a full or near-complete version, which was about 56 minutes, compared to the 30-minute version, which was more prevalent. The Shepard print for image entertainment is certainly of the highest quality, and the best parts are there, but it's still good to see the rest of the movie and fill in some loose story ends. <br /> <br /> In Shepard, the movie ends with Mary: "You see, I changed my mind - I never go home." But in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship shortly after the scene. Mary returns home? and Driscoll revives his relationship with Vivian. This additional material develops the figure Vivian, which had little relevance in the Shepard version. In the full version, the film begins in the countryside of New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the progress of the farm "Chore Boy" Johnny Applebloom (a character who is completely missing in the Shepard version), but after her affair with Driscoll she returns to the country to probably become a farmer /> < br /> Regardless of the pressure, "A Girl's Folly" is a good little movie for 1917 shot by one of the best directors of Maurice Tourneur in the 1910s. Tourneur puts a lot of thought into his business, including making a caricature of himself - the director of the film in the film. The two lead actors also deliver quality performances to early standards in film acting: Robert Warwick, an actor who plays a rock-chasing star, and Doris Kenyon as an Inente striving to play an Inenze on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referential films, where filming became the focus of the films, have been nothing new. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years earlier with "Mabel's Dramatic Career." However, some aspects of this aspect are striking. Frances Marit's subtitles are humorous, including pictures of the actors on a chessboard with one hand directing them - notable for 1917. I particularly liked the final title card of the film, in which two observers note the happy end of the film: "Gee, but that's not Romantick! "And the other answers:" Romance, shit! That's moving pictures! " Scriptwriter Anita Loos came to another film from 1917 titled "Wild and Woolly". Both authors have helped to change the role of their professions in business and the arts. <br /> <br /> Some of Tourneur's and John van den Broek's photographs are good, especially in the film business. The use of mirrors in multiple scenes is a nice enhancement of the film's self-reflexivity. In addition, the processing is exceptional. The fast crosscutting during the studio scenes is particularly noteworthy; It serves to underline the hectic pace of filmmakers, especially at that time.
