This movie is available from David Shepard and Cinema on Before Hollywood. It was Fort Lee, New Jersey, though this is a condensed version that contains only the "Behind the Scenes" movie clips. I'm not sure if Blackhawk Films just had a movie printing these parts, or they cut out the other scenes. The original Blackhawk version was renamed to A Movie Romance. The entire feature is preserved, but the preprint for this release had a bit of a fallback and some sections looked bad. Maybe the reason for editing Blackhawks version was fixed. <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Maurice Tourneur Tourneur has played the film itself, or rather a caricature of himself. Supposedly, director Emile Chautard and future director Joseph von Sternberg are also discovered. <br /> <br /> Country Girl Mary (Doris Kenyon) is longing for a romantic man to sweep her off her feet. She dreams of a troubadour who will court her, but is constantly interrupted by the only available local boy. Johnny Applebloom. <br /> <br /> Meanw hile, a film company from New York (actually New Jersey), filming a western in the country. Mary sees an Indian (in full headgear) and triggers the alarm - a scene that films the film company. She is immediately attracted to the dashing movie star Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Warwick). He encourages her to leave home and try to become an actress in the big city. When she arrives in the studio, she discovers that everything in the movies is fake. The doors and walls are flat apartments that are hastily put together for the set. The lanky walk of the western hero or the happy jump of the heroine only works. The sets are located on a large revolving stage, so that the sun angle can even be manipulated. The black companion in the studio signs all the "autograph photos" of the movie stars. The signs on the wall say "Positively No Smoking," but they all smoke anyway. Even the titles of the film (which are well illustrated) emphasize everything that faked life in the filmmaker. <br /> <br /> Film star Driscoll is equally passionate about the hustle and bustle of everyday filmmaking. He temporarily separates from his girlfriend Vivian (June Elvidge) to pursue this "exciting" country girl. His plans have failed when Maria's screen test is a stinker. We can not see the actual movie, just the painful reactions of the audience to it. Mary is devastated, but she does not want to admit to everyone at home that she was a failure. So she keeps seeing Driscoll and we eat with him in the studio cafeteria along with other extras dressed as policemen, soldiers, cowboys and so on. Mary decides to stay with Driscoll. At a party with her film "friends" she agrees to marry him, although there is not much love between them. Surprisingly, her mother appears with a cake specifically for Mary's birthday. This causes Mary to reassess her future. <br /> <br /> This film offers all sorts of fascinating scenes from studios, movie sets, changing rooms, cutting rooms, etc. If you've always wondered what's going on behind it In the scenes where a silent film was filmed, it looks Movie behind the curtain.
