Riff Randell is a wildly obsessed fan of the rock group. The Ramones and so are most students in the school. But a new tyrant to the client, Ms. Togar believes that rock 'n' roll has a bad impact on the students, especially the music of The Ramones. When Riff finds out they're in town, she skips classes for a few days to get tickets for herself and her friends. When Ms. Togar finds out why she really took these days off, she confiscates the tickets. While this happens, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Riff, but Riff's girlfriend Kate Rambeau feels the same way about Tom. But Riff has only the singer Joe Ramone in view and hopefully he will come to this concert to make her play her song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, that's right, 'Rock n' Roll High School 'does not drift away from the main focus. a boisterous, daggy romp! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone who participates in this dandy project looks like they have a great time and the relaxing nature shows up on the screen with the energy that provides such a glowing spirit, making it a priceless experience. That does not mean that I think his art and the plot is as meaningless as possible. But when I watched that passionate, crazy ride that turned into good, harmless high-shillers, I just could not wipe that grin off my face. It's cheesy, very cheesy, tight chaotic, but damn funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low-cost B grade feature by producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who co-authored (and he played some scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of shooting). , Basically a glorious tribute to the rocking '50s flicks, sticking to the fertile stereotypes and throwing the teen rebellion day into the stew because of the generational gap between them and the adults (who always know best). These features are not particularly fresh, but they create a certain appeal due to the dynamic enthusiasm. The film has only one thing in mind: to go for a bang! And they can do it. Courtesy of The Ramones, who play themselves. Really, you could say it's a great trendy video clip because it's all about the Ramones? Well, most of it anyway. I see a lot of negligence in the acting skills of The Ramones. These are musicians, not actors, which means that it's not about their acting but about the music we're supposed to dig. You are here to perform! They deliver on this front with a few kick-ass tracks that pave the movie to create a totally positive mood. Especially her flamboyant concert performances. The buzzing soundtrack also had some killer music from other artists like Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jumps went well with the carefree feeling and even the score was pretty well worked out. Especially in the scenes in which Ms. Togar captures the right mood with the score, which surrounds her train of thought. The playful mood of the film is like a roller coaster ride at such a rapid pace between the electrifying melodies and the weird segments, ranging from scattered slapstick routines to sometimes smart, tongue-in-cheek dialogues. For a good measure was thrown a variety of easy and heavy gags, which I found very pleasant and it gave him such a wider choice to express himself. <br /> <br /> What else gave the film an extra boost was the divine PJ Soles (better known for her performance in Halloween), who gave such a great performance as the cunning riff Randell. Other exemplary performances included Dey Young, such as the extremely sweet Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as gawky Tom Roberts and the man who plays Eaglebauer, who is amazingly played by Clint Howard. Also, some top-rated Corman regulars come on stage with great screenings by Mary Woronov, who are considered to be sophisticated Ms. Togar, their unfair reign against the students, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree, and a small supporting role from Dick Millar against End exercise. The enthusiastic acting is pretty much without a fight, but that works well with the material and there is some sympathy from these characters, but we totally despise Mrs. Togar and her surveillance buddies in the hall. <br /> <br /> There's no beating The bush here, when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School', is a heady scream, a radical time!
