The brain, which would not die, was considered so abhorrent in 1959 that several incisions and a three-year retention period were required before it was released in 1962. Today, it is hard to imagine that anyone could even take the matter seriously in 1959; The thing is both scary and indecent, but it's also incredibly ridiculous, in a very fiddly way. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, is about a doctor who's an avid limb transplant experimenter - and when his girlfriend dies in a car crash, he plunges her head into his secret lab. With the help of some telephone cables, a few brackets and a very flat baking pan, he brings her head back to life. But is she grateful? Not difficult In fact, she seems to be severely over the issue, especially if it turns out that the doctor intends to fix her head on another body. <br /> <br /> As it turns out, the doctor is picky about this new body: he wants a speed-built one, and he walks with bewildered women on city walks, rubbing for joints, attending beautiful competitions and chasing cheese cheese models looking for talents that raise his eyebrow. But in the lab, the head has established a chemically-induced psychic connection with another doctor's experiment, which is so abhorrent that it is kept out of sight in a practical laboratory toilet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and evil laboratory support, to ruin the revenge on the doctor and save the woman whose body he desires? Could be! Senior man Jason Evers plays the mischievous doctor as if he had received a huge dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unfortunate head, yells and chuckles despite the fact that she has no lungs and maybe not even vocal cords. Busty babes turn into incredibly seedy music, actors make irrational character changes from line to line, dialogue is even more nonsensical than action, and you need a calculator to summarize the continuity of continuity. By and large, THE BRAIN THAT WOULD NOT COME AGAIN as funnier than a movie by Ed Wood. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually manages to keep it in a pretty good clip and watch In today's movie, it's easy to pick scenes that influenced later directors who undoubtedly saw the thing as young and impressive and never got over it completely. The cuts made before the release of the film are lost forever, but the cuts made for the television were restored in the Alpha release, and although the film and sound quality is not very good, it's only good "It's all good to start with. <br /> <br /> Well, this is one of those movies that you'll either find incredibly boring or totally funny, depending on your point of view, so it is very hard to give a recommendation, but I say this: If your taste fits Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you have to grab this one here and now! Four stars for its cheesy bizarreness alone! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
