There are two movie experiences that I will always appreciate. The first one was "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my little brother. Shortly before the end of September 1978, Halloween creeps in with my good friend Trevor in the Tripple Plex on Halloween. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and downright frightened. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escapes a psychiatric hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to cause more chaos. He discovers Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy elderly woman who likes babysitting and begins to persecute her. Their party friends across the street are killed in succession as Michael sets his plan to catch her. Ironically, the boy she looks after on Halloween is scared of the boogeman and can see him outside. During the murder rush, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) struggles to find Michael before unleashing his anger. He has no evidence, no evidence, just a clue he has to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a tense movie instead of a cheap thrill. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can play four men at a table playing cards, and they do not know that there is a bomb, and they go off, it's a cheap thrill, but put four men at a table Discovering a Bomb Discuss what you can do about it - then you can not get going, then you'll be in suspense. "Director John Carpenter is taking this advice on Halloween. The audience looks out at him, watches and tracks his victims. We gasp. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses tension instead of special effects that usually accentuate the blood. This movie has little blood, but it still scares. One of the best scenes is Michael, who lifts Bob off the ground. He pulls the knife back as it shines from the moonlight, and then drives it. All you hear is a loud knock, then the audience sees Bob's feet fall lifeless. Carpenter was the first to use a lookout from the murderer's scene. This is also our audience. What will he do? What's going on in his head? Finally, Carpenters contributes excruciatingly masterful result to the tension. In addition, the tandem screenwriting he wrote with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters that matter to us. The teenagers are not "party-crazy", but only go through the rebellious fears of the teenage blight. After all, there's something decent about this "B" thriller on a low budget. Nick Castle, who plays "The Shape" (Michael), adds something to the thoughtless killer. It is cold, merciless and without pathology. In addition, the personality does everything in the same way. He kills only when he is trapped or to set a trap. He divides the victims. He also relies on raw power. And this mask (a bleached William Shatner mask) gives an impression of something that has neither soul nor emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his dead monologues, he acts on someone who is scared, desperate, and determined. I wondered if he represented the fading attempt of Modernism to explain the evil. The crown jewel, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She plays the Laurie character as a person who is scared but also determined and strong who fights back. The end made me speechless. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be enjoyed several times. Halloween and other scary movies do not have this advantage. So, if we can erase the head of the first time we see a movie to see it as fresh and new, Halloween would be the movie I would choose.
