As mentioned before, John Carpenter's classic from 1978 is one of the first two films that I can remember and that have been heavily influenced (the other is the classic Conan the Barbarian). It scared me so much that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I eventually became friends (an imaginary friend) to prevent him from killing me in my sleep. Well, that's terror for a 10-year-old. <br /> <br /> It's a horror classic and I'm sure my modest review will not do the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing of all is that the film still works, perhaps not in the guttural reaction, but rather as a cognitive possibility or as an immediate subconscious. That could all happen. It is not in the area of ​​impossibility or in a foreign country (like the most modern horror is, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw etc.). Sometimes it's graphically, while the rest is subject to our imagination. I think it's this element that scares people when they're even more buzzing in the night with the signature soundtrack. It still works because we can replace implicit or tertiary killing with something scary that our minds can create. That's why we ourselves contribute to our own fears and worries. <br /> <br /> Carpenter tells a simple story about an everyday kid, a suburban and relatively good-natured kid who grabs Halloween and kills his sister. Then he spends the next 15 years in an institution (which, thankfully, we do not experience) to just flee and return to his hometown of Haddonfield. On his way he kills and kills. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although it is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of middle-class suburbs. In the bastion of American security, the chaos can still strike. Michael stopped being a person after he had killed. He is not a serial killer, not a human or a psychopath. He is an unstoppable force. The generic jumpsuit, the bleached white Shatner mask, and the lack of any dialogue except for breathing, help dehumanize and complete Michael's generation. This is the source of all his power. He is faceless, speechless and inconspicuous in other ways than the source of unyielding chaos. This is supported by the cinematography (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation and the experienced experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). His outstanding performance and discomfort sold "The Shape". This is also the first movie performance by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl, who keeps chaos (at least for a bit) in the face of overwhelming adversity. <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first film of this new niche of horror movies (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not decline in the review. If you have not feared horror movies for a long time (like me), the hairs on the back of your head are likely to tingle at the first chords of the signature soundtrack. I recommend this movie as an absolute must-have horror movie and as one of the highlights of John Carpenter's career.
