I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way in which John Carpenter has directed this picture and opens the door to so many pseudo genres will cool you to the bone, whether you're looking at it for the first time or your fiftieth. The sound, the menacing horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film an instant cult status and a good start to the independent era. I love the music, I love the characters, the familiar but weird environment, the simple nature of the villain and the random chaos. There is no real rhyme or reason for killing in this first film, which gives us an idea of ​​Michael's true nature. Is he crazy or in a way just a very brilliant animal? This question can never really be answered, but Carpenter gives us his 100% dedication to this amazing masterpiece. John Carpenter is the master of horror. While his films have not been the caliber they used to be (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween has begun a career in power. This is his ultimate movie. As he released other greats, I'll always remember that movie when the movie that made me turn on all the lights, guard against babysitting, and check behind closed doors because you never knew where the evil would appear next , Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you to the world in which he weaves. Using the power of his camera, he places these images of Meyers in places you least expected, giving you the perception that the killer is right next to you. I loved every scene we came back to, and there was Michael watching from afar without anyone knowing better. That was scary, but absolutely awesome. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter almost drew her fright from the air. There you are, if you take care of your own affairs, when suddenly this terrible mask would appear out of nowhere. Like the characters, you thought it was just a trick of the eye, but that's not where Carpenter gets you. Michael is not a ghost, he is human (or at least we believe), but he has a stronger mental ability than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism, but even without that is a scary movie. <br /> <br /> If you did not have enough of Michael just steaming in the windows of your home, Carpenter adds that daunting theme music. I still have the tap of the piano keys in my head, constantly wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual horror and frightening sounds to anticipate what may happen next with our unsuspecting victims. It's deadly, and it's filled with refreshing originality and more unique experiences than anything today's horror Hollywood has released. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of a harsh horror year, with real Hilton Paris Hilton replacements. You know that the quality is not quite the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this film is frightening and daunting. The use of the "clown" mask shuddered my back. It's still one of the best horror openings she filmed with this long shot of the child's mask like our own eyes. It completely sets the tone for the rest of this movie. You have the subject of babysitting, you have the childlike behavior that Michael wears throughout the movie, and you have the art talent of Carpenter in one. I could literally talk about this movie for hours, but instead I'd rather watch it again. The repeated visit is worthwhile several times! Overall, I think this is one of the most outstanding films in film history. Skip all those foreign films that think they'll probably leave the face of movies to a budget Carpenter and the Slasher movie genre. This unique film redefined an entire generation of horror movies and still has an impact on modern horror treats. The deadly combination of a truly scary murderer, the powerful cinematography of events (which usually does not matter much in horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis make Halloween a movie that goes beyond the rest. Sure, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, he's worried and he's looking for the blood of babysitters. What could be better <br /> <br /> Rating: ***** from *****
