Halloween is not only the godfather of all Slasher movies, but also the biggest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most exciting, scariest and scariest movie of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this movie that he inspired numerous imitators like Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine's Day) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, I got a little bit confused there, but it just shows you what impact this movie had on the whole horror genre. A monster no longer had to come from King Tut's grave or Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. He could be created in the cozy little suburbs of suburbs. And he came home at night ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the spectators would never be the same. There are many aspects of this film that make it the crowning jewel of horror movies. First, the setting ... it takes place in a seemingly suburban environment. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel safe, but when trouble arises, nobody wants to raise a finger to interfere (especially when a crazed madman tries to spit on our young heroine.) Film takes place on Halloween! ! The scariest night of the year! While most people carve pumpkin lanterns, Michael Myers wants to carve a few teen boppers. In addition to the scenery, there are also great spectacles. Jamie Lee Curtis does a useful job as our heroine Laurie Strode, a high school with two good shoes that never seems to find a date. However, it is Donald Pleasance, as Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His portrayal of the good doctor, who knows exactly what kind of evil hides behind the black eyes of Michael Myers, and he feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is the stuff of the horror legend. It is, however, the synthesizer score that really drives this picture, as it almost seems to bring the viewer into the movie. Once you hear it, you will never forget it. I also like the grainy feel of this picture. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of every movie, giving us every possible detail of the monster we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never lets Michael Myers see. He always seems to be part of the shadows, and I think that makes him so scary. There are many scenes in which Michael is partially visible as he spies on the young teens (unknowingly), adding to his eeriness. If you think about it, a wacko might be watching you right now and you would not even notice. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for us horror fans) when they find Michael, he does not look for sweets this Halloween night. He is looking for blood. After all, Michael Myers himself is a key element to the effectiveness of this film. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him look like the killer who will never stop. He is the villain who will persecute you for the rest of your life. If you have not seen this movie yet (if there are still some of you who have not or have not), grab popcorn, turn off any light, put it in the old DVD, and look frightened too. Trick or treating!
