I've just gone through a phase where I wanted to see why horror movies of the 90s can not hold horror movies of the 70s and 80s. I was very public in this forum about the shamefulness of films like The Haunting and Urban Legend and the like. I have the feeling that they (and others like them) do not know what the real horror is. And it bothered me to the point where I went to my local video store and rented some of the classic horror movies. I already own the whole Friday, so I rented The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Well, the other movies are classics of their own, but here I want to tell you about Halloween. For what Halloween has to do is perhaps something no other movie in the history of horror film can do, and uses subtle techniques, techniques that are not blood and blood dependent, and uses them to bring the living daylight ahead of you to fear . I was in a room with the lights off and as stupid as I knew I wanted to look back to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done that to me. No movie. <br/> <br /> John Carpenter has taken a low budget movie and scared a generation of moviegoers. He showed that in the eight or nine numbers, you do not need budgets to cause fear of an audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens, but what's happening. What was that shadow? What was that noise upstairs? He knows these are the ways to scare someone, and he uses every element of textbook horror that I think you can use. I even think that he invented some of his own ideas, and these ideas should be used by people today. But they do not do it. No one uses light and detail to create fear, it uses special effects and bloodstreams. And it's just not the same thing. You can not be afraid of a huge special effect that makes loud noises and jumps out of a wall. These are the moments when the killer lurks, somewhere where you just do not know where to startle you. And Halloween succeeds like no other movie in this endeavor. <br /> <br /> In 1963, a young Micael Myers kills his sister with a big butcher knife and then spends the next 15 years of his life in an institute. As Loomis (his doctor) tells Sheriff Brackett, "I've been trying to reach him for eight years, and then another seven to make sure he never comes out, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e-vil . " manic and unyielding idea of ​​a murderer who stops at nothing to get what he wants. And he just wants to kill Laurie here. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II does the story pretty well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter did here is a haunting score, hypocritical lighting techniques, and wrote and directed an exciting masterpiece of horror. There is a scene that needs to be described. And that's the scene where Annie is on her way to Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then does she realize that she has left her keys in the house. She takes them out, comes out again and unintentionally opens the car door without using the keys. The audience picks this up, but she does not. She is too busy thinking about Paul. As she sits down, she notices that the windows are misted. She is confused and starts wiping the fog, and then Myers hits the backseat. This is a great scene because it pays attention to details. We know what happens and Annie does not. But it is clever observations made by Carpenter that people in the cinema fear in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurry images of a killer standing in the background, shadows gliding ominously across a wall, dark rooms, creepy and haunting music, a sinister story urgently narrated by Donald Pleasance, and a menacing, relentless story killer. My advice to filmmakers today is to study Halloween. It should be the blueprint for what creepy movies are all about. After all, Carpenter followed in Hitchcock's footsteps, perhaps the director should follow in his. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything that scares us. If you're tired of mindless horror movies that do not know the difference between evil and cuteness, then Halloween is a movie that should be seen. It will not let you down. I like being scared, I do not know why, but I do. But nothing bothered me in the 90s except maybe a movie (Wes Craven's last nightmare). If you like to be scared then you should also see Halloween. And if you've seen it a hundred times, then take another look, with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will seduce you with all the pretty faces of the movie. Halloween makes you freeze in fear, stay in your seat and do not want to move you. Now tell me, which horror movie would you rather see? <br /> <br /> And just to see Zombie's version, you will appreciate that much more. This is by definition a classic. Zombie has rigged his version, but the luster of this version is not felt.
