I'd seen excerpts of it as a kid, but when I bought the Blue Underground set right away because it was a limited edition, I just put it in my schedule - and that's mainly because Bakshi's American POP (1981 ) has just surfaced on late Italian television (see my review of this movie below)! <br /> <br /> Even so, I thought the movie was a pretty well-animated epic with sword and wizardry, with particularly impressive backdrops (the rather awkward rotoscopic characters were certainly less) with a rousing if-derivative score. Again, the plot was not really original, but it proved to be undeniable on a youthful level, and the main characters were well-developed - particularly interesting are the evil Ice Lord Nekron and the enigmatic warrior Darkwolf; The hero and the heroine, however, are rather dull stereotypes - but you can hardly complain if Bakshi and Frazetta portray the girl as well (her bra could be torn off every second) and half naked (her tiny panties are forever disappearing her ass) ! Nevertheless, it is clearly an action-oriented piece that certainly brings something on this front (Darkwolf is particularly wild). The last showdown is short but well handled and sees our heroes on Pterodactyls attack the villain's den in a cave. This film is now the nostalgic factor for me as it puts me back into my childhood by not only films like CONAN THE BARBARIAN (1982) and THE BEASTMASTER (1982) saw, but also animated TV series like BLACKSTAR (1981-82). and HE-MAN AND THE MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE (1983-85). <br /> <br /> Concerning the accompanying THE MAKING OF "FIRE AND ICE" (TV) (Mark Bakshi, 1982) 1/2: <br /> <br /> Vintage featurette on the animated film "Sword and Magic" which is only available on the washed out VHS print by Ralph Bakshi himself! It goes a little closer to the rotoscope technique and also shows some cases of live-action performances (in a studio) of segments of the script - which are then tracked, mixed with the backgrounds and filmed. After seeing several such backgrounds about animation art (eg Disney Tins and Looney Tunes), this is not a particularly interesting piece ...
