The first time I saw fire and ice reminded me of my experience when I saw 300 in the last year. It was not a bad movie at all, not at all average, but the plotting and dialogue were at best conventional and, at worst, confusing and one-dimensional (which perhaps was based on Frank Miller's comic) right decision to go). But his main strengths were based on the intense action and bloody battles. They had the jolt of a 14-year-old man watching the battle between men who fought in bloody swordfights, occasionally including a crazy creature or a super hot woman in the picturesque setting. I'd probably go back to watching Fire and Ice again before 300, but both had the same feeling - except, of course, that it's Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless paperbacks and comics working with director Ralph Bakshi, which is not typical of Hollywood, but something for the diehard fans. What does this mean for the audience that visits the movie for the first time today (it can be coveted now?) Nostalgia for those who were young and saw it along with their Masters of the Universe (VHS tapes) is the possible one Disadvantage mentioned before, and possibly that you will see something unique. Not only is Fire and Ice the only rotoscopic feature of Bakshi, but it may be the most fluid - if not my personal favorite - of the few that he has made, and he and his team are creating a whole exciting world to watch Part pre-historic is fantastic and partly medieval, and all were touched with the hand of a painter in terms of the backgrounds, the sky and the terrain. Bakshi fans have a small disadvantage in this facet of character design. Bakshi went so far as to say it was more Frazetta than he. That may be true, but it does not make it appealing to the eye or curious at those moments when we do not see people being killed or crushed in quick or slow movements (my favorite was the current Skeleton Guide - like them do it rotoscoped that wonders me). <br /> <br /> I neglect to describe the plot as it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it. If you are already familiar with this style and approach of animation, the plot will matter, depending on the extent to which two warring parties or a "maiden" or princess is in danger or a hero must prove himself or Yada Yada , Suffice it to say, it's about fire against ice, with characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest guy in the crowd and most comic book) and Teegra (the typical hottie who's almost too good for the adolescent man) fantasy Figure). What the plot does is an enrichment that allows a series of cliffhangers and thrilling parts of the action to happen, the progression of danger in the coming big battle, as if the ogres are chasing after Teegra and suddenly fighting crazy monsters have and creatures that pop out of tree trunks and lakes. And as is usual for Bakshi, in the midst of all this straightforward fantasy material, he conjures something crazy (if not quite his usual inspired madness). If you've seen wizards, you'll understand what I meant less. <br /> <br /> So if you're an animation fanatic, look for "old school" (ie 1980s) action and incredible design. For everyone else, it's ... good, not great, as I'd undoubtedly say about the logical extension of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
