This excited audiences at a number of film festivals and it's not hard to see why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of a very beautiful work of the three main characters Xu Zhu as father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the older son Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as an irresistible and loveable younger son, Er Ming, tells a story that will warm the coldest heart Beijing He puts some money into a slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, enters the shower and is cleaned with brushes and splashed with soap and water, as if he were a car the car wash This is symbolic of the future, and the old bathhouse that we will see in the next scene is Past. Agricultural China gives way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural Revolution halted industrialization Blues? Under no circumstance. What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of the people. But I wonder how the Chinese government is watching this movie. On the one hand, it offers a clear view of China and its people. It is strictly apolitical without any criticism of the current regime being expressed or implied. However, there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are being replaced by something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just leave it as it is. Tell a story about old men in the bath house, where they rub themselves and get massages, where they tell great stories and remember the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and organize cricket fights, in which the master one Spry is a wise old man and his assistant is his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and a contagious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> Enter the older son again Da Ming, who is polished, cared for and silent. He feels uncomfortable with what he sees as uncomplicated behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern China with a tie and briefcase, mobile phone and training. He only returned because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and returns to his wife and career. But then comes a crisis and during this crisis, Da Ming sees the value of the natural, human-related life that his father and brother lived. <br /> <br /> And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, in such a charming way that I do not mind, especially since his style is so neatly and so carefully expressed. What I miss in most films is the way in which he interleaves the negotiations within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends. The bathhouse director, who sings in the bathhouse "O Sole mio" while the water falls on him, much to the delight of Er Ming, realizes that he can not sing in public because of stage anxiety. Towards the end of the film, he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to the inspired help of Er Ming. And the regular in the bathroom, who loses his wife, because ... well, he's telling a story to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason. But Liu understands, and before the movie is over, husband and wife reconcile. <br /> <br /> This type of "happy ending" movie is uncommon among adults in today's artistic and international films or in almost every director. Some Happy Endings are designed to embarrass not only their players but also their audiences. And some are so obviously condescending that the audience is insulted. However, the audience is thrilled here. <br /> <br /> Especially for the comedy performance of Wu Jiang, whose warm effervescence overcomes every handicap of his character.
