I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to the US state of Arizona and really enjoyed seeing places I've spent so much time doing. I remember at the time when I thought Barbara was more into a rock sound (actually R and B in my ears), a successful one. I've never been a fan of Kris's vocals until his last assignment for New West. As a songwriter and actor, however, he has serious chances, IMHO. I think it's a nice romance. I like it better than the Judy Garland version and have never seen the original by Selznick Janet Gaynor. <br /> <br /> I think they've made some changes to this much anticipated DVD release. I remember, among other things, the helicopter shot, which shows that a fully occupied Sun Devil Stadium is longer and more dramatic. I wish they had done better writing music for Kris or banning God, and put in some of his original songs. <br /> <br /> In that sense, I have some information from a primary source that said the music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. While doing interviews for my own new music documentary, Rocking the Boat: A Musical Conversation and Journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, an outstanding singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal relationships with Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton Others. Stephen was in "Speedway," the band of the John Norman character. Kris had a hard time making something out of a pop score suitable for rock. Stephen was and is Kris' friend and longtime band member. There were tensions on the set and at one point the band barked Kris into Barbara's presence. She noticed that the band should not talk to him that way. Kris immediately came to the conclusion that they were his friends and they were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came and decided to use Kris 'live performances in the film, and made special use of Stephens' role to make things work. When I heard this story, I gained even more respect for her as an artist. Much is made of her as a diva. What she is is a pro. And I'm not gay. Not that something is wrong with that.
