A blockbuster at the time of its original release (it was the second highest grossing film of 1976), the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN has always shared critics and fans. The film, which was open to drastic negative reviews, broke into the box office more than $ 150 million and won an Oscar and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that Streisand's most commercially successful film is also her most controversial. For ten fans who claim that STAR is Streisand's best film, there are still ten more who claim it is the weakest film in their filmography. Although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should be noted that the 1970s with A STAR IS BORN are one of the most touching and entertaining showbiz dramas Hollywood has ever produced. For my money it is the best version of the story often told. <br /> <br /> The film is absolutely enjoyable and penetrating. Changing the attitude of the old Hollywood studio system into the competitive world of the music industry was really a great idea, and the script makes a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their careers. This is the main area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually exceeds. For example, the film is particularly successful when it depicts the clash of personal and professional difficulties during the recording sessions and the endless phone calls interrupting Kristofferson's songwriting attempts. This version of the story is also more credible in the depiction of the main characters. For example, in the previous two versions, the main female roles were so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they became saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female lead in this version, is portrayed not only as strong and passionate, but also as flawed and conflicted. As a result, she feels "more real" than the characters of Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland, which were felt in the previous films, and makes the story so much more effective The minor characters are not developed enough. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can cross the line between tough and vulnerable without letting herself appear like a script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars to make even the most mundane dialogue fresh and natural, and, as usual, creates a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, her Esther is a fully realized three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not get much respect for his laid-back character, but he's always an interesting watch and shows a magnetic appeal that he rarely showed in his career. Kristofferson actually received rave reviews from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even the usually malicious Pauline Kael of the NEW YORKER at the time. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but both have a relatively low screen time. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack recording of the film was also a great success, reaching # 1 on Billboard's Hot 200, selling four million copies in the US alone. The "Evergreen" (with lyrics by Paul Williams) composed by Streisand is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs of contemporary pop, which was brought to life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from Streisand. The rest of the original (composed mainly by Williams and Rupert Holmes) is pretty good, and Streisand sounds fantastic - their live solo numbers stay in the memory long after the rest of the movie fades. Streisand's vibrant performances make "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You" an exciting life and make even stupid numbers like "Queen Bee" far better than they have the right. Kristofferson's solo numbers sound a little bit out of tune, which was deliberately intentional since he played a singer in descent. <br /> <br /> Although dated in some ways, of course (it definitely reflects the decade it was made), the 1970's against A STAR IS BORN are doing remarkably well. The film is in a good mood and smoothly produced, the chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels real, and Streisand has two emotional scenes close to the finale, both of which are painful. In summary, A STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, but also exceeds all criticisms.
