Thirty years after its first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" appears in a DVD that should please the most devoted fans of Barbra Streisand. That would include me, as I just saw her in concert, as she sang, among others, the feminist anthem "Woman in the Moon" from this 1976 film. The film's career-polarizing story is simply disappointing and is such a robust pile of Hollywood-style clichés that variations of it are also found in other films, including Streisand's own "Funny Girl." This time back to the contemporary music scene, the timeworn plot follows self-defeating rock star John Norman Howard during his deep descent as he meets club singer Esther Hoffman, who is awaiting her big break. <br /> <br /> Troubles follow their ads from the beginning, as John Norman (both names please) respond to the understanding of fans and bloodless DJs with arbitrary acts of violence (from which he inexplicably escapes prosecution). For John Norman, Esther stands for his last chance at fortune, and she draws it to the naturally decent, creative musician under the facade. In the main scene of the film, he gives Esther a big break at a charity concert and her career begins. Inevitably, he can not cope with the failure of his career, given its meteoric success, and if you're familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (though obviously the young talents of Streisand are shown), it does the movie still involves me, even though I know it's shameless and manipulated. Despite numerous shortcomings, it still has some emotional resonance. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand, in her prime, seems to be the ideal choice for a rising singing star, her film personality is simply too strong and predefined to make Esther credible. The same goes for their style of play, as the script seems to allow their softer adult-oriented material to be accepted into the otherwise hardened world of arena rock. From the moment she dents her head as the center of the Oreos, she can not help but become an established star. I can only forgive the mistake because she is an incomparable singing talent. What makes it less forgiving, however, is that it makes Esther nimble rather than poignant when John Norman's suffering becomes overwhelming. This creates a strangely unpleasant dynamic in the latter part of the movie, less concerned with what caused the climatic event than Esther's reaction to it. This is complemented by an uninterrupted, eight-minute close-up of her commemorative performance - great, unless she's unfortunately imitating the style of John Norman in the end. Kristofferson, on the other hand, performs brilliantly. Meanwhile, he has led a level of honesty that establishes the film and makes his simultaneous feelings of love, pride and resentment of Esther tangible. In this connection, he lets his vodka-soaked stage crackle. Otherwise, I always find this release strange, as all supportive characters take a back seat, as if they did not exist if they did not interact with the two owners. The only ones who register are Paul Mazursky as John Norman's level manager Brian and Gary Busey as his cynical band manager Bobbie. Robert Surtees, an experienced cameraman, gives the cinematography a nice shine, even if the print has a certain graininess. The soundtrack was a big seller in its day and a mix of different styles from the 70s - some songs are still pretty good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Watch Closely Now"), some have gone to kitsch ("Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins' I believe in love ") and of course the unmissable" Evergreen ". <br /> <br /> The print broadcast on the 2006 DVD is clean and thanks to digital sound grateful remastering Streisands participation is the The main bait of the extras that begin with her commentary, which provides insightful information about the film's genesis, casting and allegedly problematic production, is refreshingly receptive to the megalomania of Jon Peters, her hairdressing friend who became a film producer, and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as director, I only wish she could have given more scene-specific comments directly related to what is displayed on the screen. She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood strikes her, for example, it becomes tiresome to hear for the third time how the person who plays the chauffeur was a friend of Peters. I think a second commentator could have pulled other nuggets from her. <br /> <br /> There is a wardrobe roll which shows some amusing 70's clothing, especially Kristofferson's blended poncho and an orange polyester shirt. Streisand's optional commentary also contains twelve deleted scenes. One of them is a funny bread baking scene that reminds me how much I like Streisand in absurd comedies. Another is an extended scene in which she plays "Evergreen" on the guitar, in front of an awesome Kristofferson, who will then fall asleep. Most interesting is an alternative shot of the musical finale with quick sections that I would have agreed with Streisand. The movie trailers for all three versions of "A Star Is Born" are also included.
