I've always been a big James Bond fanatic! I have watched almost all movies except The Another Day and The World Is Notough. The graphics for everything or nothing is breathtaking! The vocal talents ......... WOW! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! He is finally Bond in a video game! HE IS BOND! I enjoyed the last Bond games: Goldeneye, The world is not enough, Agent under fire and Nightfire. This one is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan (may I call him Mr. Brosnan as a token of respect, yes, I can!) He was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game ... LAST! MORON! I saw him perform with Robin Williams and let me tell you that they are a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, wickedly pretty (I mean to say viciously in a good way) and only one of those actors that you would like to go to embrace and hug your arms would be James Bond, "" If it were not for you, I would not know who James Bond is. "He's a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe, although I've seen him in a couple of movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I spell the character's name properly?) LOL !!!! He does a great job with an accent, sometimes I can not hear an accent, I saw Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, appearing in two films: Finding Nemo and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! Anyway, he never stops astonishing, and Richard Kiel, wow, he definitely nailed the role of Jaws, I saw him in the movies, and he's great! In fact, my grandparents met Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous But when Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of celebrities I want to meet, John Cleese has been breathtaking - I've never seen a better person who used to be the wisecracking and gadget when creating Q sp Mr. Cleese was funny! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is unbelievable! John Clee's latest project is Shrek 2 with Mike Myers, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrews and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is in the theater now!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh yes, and as Q always says, "Grow up 007!"
