Do not get me wrong. GoldenEye was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 series. But the series had fallen into an FPS furrow. Enter "All or Nothing," making Bond fall into the third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia With Love," I had quit FRWL and just started EON and judged EON a bit harsh. Although FRWL is definitely ahead and captures the essence of the film series, EON is definitely superior in terms of detailed controls and game variety. The missions range from normal running and gliding to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limousine wired to exploding, two different tank types à la "GoldenEye", motorcycling, helicopter flying and pushing off a wave that is protected by laser tripwires , and falls free after a falling girl. Sure, vehicle controls are a bit awkward, but the problem here is the variety. <br /> <br /> As movie adaptations, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all that I could hope for. However, the original story of EON helps steer a James Bond adventure. Contributing to this is the impressive cast list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese repeat their film roles of M and Q and Pierce Brosnan, while no Sean Connery makes the process of the game credible. All characters are similar to the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, whose in-game model does not live up to the real model. Mya's theme song is the same as at least some of the Bond title songs on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The game is also a tribute to older Bond movies. Willem DeFoe's character is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's evil from "A View to a Kill." Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, the gigantic stooge of "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three fight scenes, the first and the best of which take place in the same way that a fight would have had in the movies. <br /> <The single player gameplay consists mainly of standard foot missions like Bond. Like Bond, you can choose to use stealth or go out with flaming cannons. The game offers many ways to use stealth, with lots of wall and objects. In contrast to FRWL, only one button in EON controls both the squatting and the holding of the wall, so that Bond can stay low at the end if he is to peek around a corner and vice versa. The game also allows players to switch to "Bond Reflex" mode. As you browse your inventory, everything around you is turned into super-slow motion so you can analyze objects in your environment that you can interact with. While this takes some getting used to, this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond Moments", such as: For example, shoot a chandelier to remove four guys underneath, and significantly improve the bonding feel. <br /> <There are 3 levels of difficulty: Operational, Agent and Double Oh. With Operative you can blow in a few hours. A few weeks on agent. On Double Oh, a few months. The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission. High missions scores receive gold and platinum awards and feature effects such as vehicle upgrades and tight outfits worn by Bond girls. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to tight checkpoints, but in the end, no mission is any longer than a single action scene in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Multiplayer, unfortunately, is not that exciting. GoldenEye still has the best multiplayer mode of any Bond game. EON's main multiplayer mode is a co-op campaign mode, in which players take on a less important role for smaller MI6 agents than Bond. In this mode, a standard deathmatch for third parties can be unlocked from the game. However, single player mode is the most complete bond experience so far. The end is anti-climactic like most Bond games. While the final mission is one of the toughest of the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. In addition, levels where Bond must be fast are largely a matter of trial and error. However, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game means missing out on one of Bond's films.
