I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not very big on singles), so I can say for sure that I'm looking forward to everything Cameron Crowe is referring to. I saw Vanilla Sky when it was told that it's a very strange movie and I probably would not like it when I expected something similar to Crowe's other films. Well, after I've just seen it, I'd like to say that the former was right, and the latter could not have been more wrong. It's a very strange movie, and nothing really comes together until the end. Anyone who tells you that he saw him come halfway into the movie either lies to you or is unable to release his aftereffects from their memory. Anyway, the movie was outstanding and I'm looking forward to owning it as soon as the DVD is released. I was touched by the movie and felt emotionally spent in the end. This is an experience that attracts the viewer to the full range of human emotions as the viewer engages in the plot. In the theater where I saw the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the movie and were bored when they realized that they could not get back into the plot. I'm sure others just lack the ability to follow every movie that way. I do not mean it sounds pompous, but some people are more geared to the Seagal, Chan and Van Damme movie genres, and these are the guys who probably would not like this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're prepared for a two-hour mental bend, as well as many other considerations. <br /> <br /> If you compare this movie to other Crowe movies, it's very similar. At least in all Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a figurine in itself. This is almost certainly due to Crowe's long-standing commitment to music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and to his marriage to heart star Nancy Wilson. It's also worth noting that there was a clear chemistry between Tom Cruise's acting and Crowe's directing that made the film familiar to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, that's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> If I had to compare this movie to another movie, I would say the following: If you like David Fincher's The Game, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
