How strange is the human mind? This activity center, in which perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which the view of the world depends on the finely tuned functioning of the brain, this extremely sensitive and complicated processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about its interior, depth or capacity? What allows us in the mind to distinguish between reality and dream? Or maybe we can? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing more than an impression of what we actually see, like a painting by Monet in which the vanilla sky becomes our vision of our reality. It is a concept that filmmaker Cameron Crowe has visited in his highly imaginative and mind-altering film Vanilla Sky starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire left to him by his father. However, his fifty-one percent majority stake has made him an important man as there are seven members of his board, each of whom considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames of the lion's share of the firm. And fueling the fire of dissatisfaction is her perception that David lacks the concentration the job demands. <br /> <br /> Granted, David likes to play; Still, he has control over the business and does what he thinks fit, whether the board (he calls them the "Seven Dwarfs") or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. During a celebratory birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), warns David that the seven have something behind him. At this time, however, the last thing David has in mind is; He had a casual affair with a girlfriend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even this takes a back seat when he meets a woman at his party he can not get out of his head. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after only having known her for one night, she becomes an important part of his life - which is soon to be turned upside down, because on the morning after his party, he makes a decision Doing this will change his life forever. And he is learning that sometimes it just does not go back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has designed and delivered much more than just another movie with this film; "Vanilla Sky" is much more than a film, a realized vision. Starting with the first images that appear on screen, he presents a visually stunning experience that works both viscerally and cerebrally. It's a startling mystery that will engulf and enthrall you. emotionally it's in a hurry - and it can make you exhausted because it takes some effort to stick with it. But that's worth it. Think of "Memento" with a driving rock'n'roll soundtrack and a vibrant color attack caused by the brushstroke of an Impressionist. There is darkness and light and sounds that hammer and drift until you can hear the blood pulsing through your veins and your brain. And everything took place in a landscape of virtual reality that swirled under this ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, this is a real journey; It's exciting - and it's a mental patient. <br /> <br /> As for the performances here, those who can not pass Tom Cruise as Maverick in "Top Gun" or his Ethan Hunt in "Mission Impossible" or those who call him just a "movie star" and not acting as an actor, have to think again about his work here. Because as David Aames, Cruise offers the best performance of his career, which should test all doubts about his ability as an actor at the door. In recent years he has made some interesting career decisions, with films like "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut" just warm-ups for the very real and complex character he creates here. And also to give him credit for assuming a role that nullifies any sense of vanity; This is Cruise like you have never seen it before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and it should - as well as the admiration and recognition of his colleagues. Cruise is not only good in this movie, it is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz has an outstanding, if not extraordinary performance, as does Sofia, the wife of David's dreams. She brings a seductive innocence into the role that is well suited to her figure, making her aspirational and accessible, but she lacks any clue to a mystery that has added that particular "something" to that piece. But Crowe knows how to get the most out of his actors, and he certainly did it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely alive in the role of Julie. She has never looked better and sizzles on the canvas. But do not make a mistake, this is not a "showcase" deployment, and Diaz will supply a complete package of this character. The quality of their performance can actually be measured by the effect they achieve with a relatively limited screen time. And it is the person who so fully integrates her into her innate beauty that makes Julie so memorable. Overall a terrific job from Diaz. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr Pomerantz) and Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (LE Man ), Jean Carol (wife in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About halfway there you may have questioned your own sense of reality; But rest assured, everyone will be revealed by the end of Vanilla Sky. It's a reality bender, to be sure, and a wild one. However, this is an exciting conversation that provides a satisfying and unique experience that you need to see to believe. It is the essential and absolute magic of the films. 10/10. <br /> <br />
