I really like this movie for a few reasons. I'll talk about that later, but I want to explain why I think people do not like him. First of all, there are people who hate Tom Cruise. I do not really understand that. Second, Cameron Crowe, I believe, is successfully beating two groups of moviegoers with this film. The informal, relaxed, "not too hard-thinking" group of moviegoers remains confused when the plot has a full 180s at the end of the movie. And the deep, philosophical mystery fans are devastated when Crowe lets one of his characters fully explain the mystery. <br /> <br /> This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a very good job. I think it's probably his best performance from what I've seen so far, though I have not seen all of his films, probably even the majority. The side cast is good too. Penelope Cruz delivers a solid performance and Jason Lee was very pleasing. <br /> <br /> I like the story, and I think that's Vanilla Sky more than anything else. It's a mystery, an adventure and a romantic comedy, but mostly it's just a good story. And it has many philosophical overtones, and many similar ideas and stories like these occur in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is the man who had everything he wanted, more or less lost, given a second chance to regain everything, and in the end faced his demons and the full extent of the action. He chooses reality, simplicity and normality to see if he can finally find what he can never cling to: happiness. Many people were disappointed that Crowe revealed the complete riddle in the end. I think it is necessary. The audience then knows without any doubt that David is aware of his circumstances and in the end makes the election all the more powerful. <br /> <br /> And the music in the movie is great. It's probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is. In particular, "Njosnavelin" by Sigur Ros, an amazing song. All in all, I would give him 3 out of 4 stars. It's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things through and a great story for those who want to relax. This "moderate" approach is probably why people do not like it so much because it's not a full-blown mystery or a full-blown love story. It mixes and adapts different elements and genres.
