To capitalize on the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures has hired several popular actors from the current genre and put them into this effort, which is (realistically) far from good. It's still worth the time for everyone and it's a lot of fun to see it, and I think it's better than most of those that are supposed to go by as a horror these days! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies were completely dammed up with blood and suspicious puncture sites. Mayor Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) calls "It's Vampires", but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) believes that it is a madman who is responsible and he vows to catch him. ****** SPOILER ALERT ***** The mayor and most of the city's residents believe local chef Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye), who loves bats and often talks to them, is the one he's looking for and they pursue him until he falls to his death In a cave. Responsible for the killings is dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood. This is done through a kind of mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer). who goes out at night to collect the blood. Dr. Otto has a pretty assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he's up to, but Karl eventually becomes suspicious when one of the killings of Herman's death has taken place Strayer was never confused with James Whale, but he was a pretty competent director who eventually made the most "blondie" films in this series, and with this movie he uses the same sets of "The Old Dark House" as well was shot at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this movie is sometimes awkward at times, but it's virtually impossible to resist a movie with such a cast, including Frye, who only does his Renfield role this time if he befriends bats and she strokes and keeps it in his pocket for safekeeping! One thing that just does not make sense is the mind control that Dr. Otto has Emil because the movie never explains that, and I had a strong feeling that this was a nod to "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari," but on the other hand, it's probably just the weakest part of the script. There are a few other delicacies I've noticed, including the tracking of Frye to the Big Caves, which is obviously an early shot of the notorious Bronson Canyon, where numerous other films were filmed, and also Wray's brown hair, which is their true Color are. Real horror movie fans will appreciate this more than others, but I think it's an entertaining movie for everyone and with such an attractive cast this is worth a look.
