This is, in my opinion, one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time, which is thought-provoking, funny and sad, with amazing performances! All characters are wonderful and the story is just awesome! Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just fantastic! The end is very powerful, but I will not spoil it for you, and I thought the character development was top notch !, and you can really refer to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, because they'll get them excited! and I loved it, how it moved slowly, giving you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and what's there. I can not believe that this has only a rating of 5.9, since I think it should be much higher, and it was weird to see Randy Quaid in that sort of role. Besides, this is extremely well written and done! One scene that really came to mind was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was totally embarrassed by her mother for the party and the movie also has many surprising moments! Besides, the dialogue is especially good. This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time (In my opinion), which is thought-provoking, funny and sad, with amazing performances all around, and I say: See it immediately! They will love it! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here, with great cinematography, and keeps the movie at a breathtaking pace! The spectacle is incredible! Jodie Foster is really cute and amazing as always! She was extremely likable, caring, had a lovable character, was intense in some scenes, was focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie as Jeanie and Annie! (Promotion rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very hot and it is amazing here, I really regretted her pity, because she had a very sympathetic character who needed help only, she gives a powerful performance and has created a very memorable character that she just loved. Scott Baio is great, because Brad was really nice and did a good job, I liked him. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role, surprisingly I liked him. Sally Kellerman is great because the mother liked her very much. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good as Madge and Deirdre and did what they needed to do well as the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, as it was cool to see her, but not much. The rest of the cast is doing well. All in all, you see it immediately, it's an underrated masterpiece! ***** of 5
