Basically the same movie as "House of Wax" - the first real horror hit by Vincent Price released last year - but it really interests him, because "The Mad Magician" offers just as many thrills, delightful timetables, joyful ones 3 - D effects, sublime drama performances and macabre horror gimmicks as predecessors! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he quashed the character Don Gallico of Price, another tormented soul besieged by fate and in revenge against those who wronged him , Don Gallico is about to show his first own illusionist show as Gallico the Great and plans to show the biggest magic trick in history. titled "The girl and the circular saw". Gallico's promising solo career is abruptly ruined even before it begins, when his former employer, Ross Ormond, appears on stage and pushes through a contract stating that all of Gallico's inventions are the legitimate property of the company. The sloppy and relentless Ormond, who by the way also plundered Gallicos once-beloved wife, takes off with the Buzz Saw trick and programs it on the show of Gallico's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably, Gallico and sadistic butcher Ormond, but ?? also be a master of disguise? restores the image of his victim and even leads a double life. "The Mad Magician" is an amusing and thoroughly unpretentious 1950s Grand Guignol-style horror movie with many unlikely phrases (the landlady turns out to be a brilliant crime writer?) And a handful of fantastically grotesque, grotesque moments they obviously remain the greatest Part hinting. The 3-D fun at the beginning of the movie, like a yo-yo player and a fool with water fountains, serves as a time-consuming and contemporary '50s hype, but it's still fun to see it for yourself now and without means to see properly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting for periodic reasons, as the events take place around the time when fingerprints were used as evidence. The character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to famous crime writers of that time. Needless to say, Vincent Price is the absolute most important element of the triumph in this movie, as well as in almost every other horror movie this legendary man has ever starred in. Like no other actor, Price could portray the tormented protagonist who gradually crashes further and further into mental madness in such an indescribably hypnotizing manner. They feel sorry for Don Gallico, but at the same time they fear him enormously. They support his heinous acts of retribution and realize at the same time that his murderous robbery must end with death. Vincent Price was just an ingenious actor and in my humble opinion the embodiment of the horror genre.
