I will not lie. Despite the interesting view, I looked at The Notorious Bettie Page for hearing (and it was quite obvious, if you just looked at a summary or anything about the movie) that Gretchen Mol was getting naked in it. I've never been a fan of Mol, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman take off her clothes. Yes, that may be perverted, but it is a central theme and ideal for the core of the film and helps make the movie much stronger than it probably should be. The movie chronicles of Bettie Page (Mol) live from her physically and sexually abused days as a kid in high school in the south and from her new life in New York. She wants to become an actress, but she also has to pay bills. After making some seemingly innocent shots on a local beach, Page slowly becomes a modeling sensation and quickly jumps from suggestive photos to sexually provocative pin-up photos. <br /> <br /> I feel the brevity of the movie (just over ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing. On the one hand, the film never exceeds its greeting. They get to know Page within minutes, and then they go directly into their modeling career and do not look back. But it also curses the movie because we never really get the chance to understand everything that is going on. She just jumps between the model shoots and the controversy they create before plunging directly into the Senate investigation, which is a big part of the film's final act. They just sit there trying to absorb everything, and more comes directly to you. It seems as if the filmmakers wanted to summarize too much material in too short a film. It asks for longer sequences and asks for even longer explanations. It does not feel rushed; It just does not feel like everything. <br /> <br /> Another bit of fumbling, though a bit more curious, is the use of color throughout the movie. The majority are in black and white, but often splashes and color sequences occur. Although made as a symbolic gesture at an early stage, this becomes a distraction, as it reappears again and again before it turns black and white again. It becomes confusing and becomes boring in the course of the movie rather than anything else. <br /> <br /> While the movie fiddles a bit with the action, the film remains deadly on its themes. The side of which I know little or nothing is played innocently, and their world is exactly the same. Apart from a few dodgy characters during her teenage years, everyone she encounters is innocent, and everything she does is innocent. I never thought that I would consider frontal nudity anything but vulgar and corrupt, but here it is really something to be surprised about. Suddenly it is beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverse moments in the movie (though tame compared to today's standards) have an innocent and angelic feel. It's just something about the way Mol's naked body is portrayed that he strikes a different chord than naked bodies in other films. It just feels so natural and so wondrous that if there's a reason to watch the movie, the spectacular depictions of Mol's body are on display as she plays Bettie Page. The other reason is Mol yourself. As Page, she is an example of how Southern Belle from the 1950s knows (or at least imagines) everyone. Despite her job, she is still a normal person and still considers herself religious. Mol plays it exactly as it is typical for Squeaky cleanliness, so that this figure feels authentic from the fifties. She plays them with such naturalness that it would be difficult for you not to believe that Mol was actually Bettie Page herself. Unfortunately, the secondary visitors have very few moments to shine, completely overshadowed by Mol's wonderful performance. Neither of them do anything particularly pleasurable, and none of them really has the same strength in their role as Mol. That's not really the guilt of the actors, but rather the fact that they do not have much to do. Many of them are absolutely recognizable, such as Oscar nominee David Strathairn (in a role that is a bit too close to one of his better performances), Sarah Paulson (recently Golden Globe nominee for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip) and character actor Lili Taylor but it would be hard for you to really put your performance into anything but okay. None of these characters are really developed, and they really are just character clippings that Mol brings with her as she sets off in her brilliant performance. Really, this movie pays off for its depiction of nudity and for Gretchen Mol's stellar performance of Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit confused and awkward than it should be. If more work had been done to develop secondary characters and not just blow history, this film would have been a much better biographical film. As it stands, it is only a vehicle for Mol to really get into the popularity stratosphere as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
