THE NOTORIAL BETTIE PAGE Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Director: Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, a supposed sin and a supposed salvation? Especially if this person succumbed in the last few years to a split personality disorder, as if she wanted to show her own point of view. If you're the director Mary Harron, do not be shy about showing the push / pull nature of THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. They allow the figure to move back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the Church, and the seductive illusion of control and domination that allowed her as a pinup model during her years. In this way, the audience is offered a complex character driven by the desire to leave their difficult past with a naive pleasure in the desires of others and to seek to reconcile their image in the eyes of God. Come at the right time, it will not matter how many eyes are on you, as only one pair counts. <br /> <br /> Mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary color castings), THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy that makes the movie a pleasurable experience and how seriously people believe in the corruption of pornography , But the director's gentle hand becomes more noticeable in Pages' desperate times. Harron is a compassionate, considerate director who does not throw Page's Page 7 Page 5 Page 5 page into the page's numerous and devastating abuses. Instead, she allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the title role, the chance to hammer the pain of her character into the viewer with fear in her eyes, exhaustion is her screaming and her shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, find it necessary to show the heroine in painful positions, to show a connection between the atrocities that were inflicted on her and the place where her life experienced her , Harron has too much sympathy for her character, her actress and her audience. From Page Fragility learns to trust people, and the more photographers fall in love with their image, the more they fall in love with their admiration and the control they have over their gaze. As her poses morphed into soft-core S & M, she found a way to combine her need to be respected with the objectification she's used to all her life. Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who longs for control of her life and her destiny, but in the end, it's always told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her decisions was her own, she decides to embrace God and announce his word to those who will listen. The real sadness behind this most important decision is that it is still blindly led by someone else; She simply has more confidence that this direction will be better for her soul.
