Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former singer of the groundbreaking all-girl rock group The Runaways in her remarkably capable acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are absolutely believable, magnificent and touching like the titular quartet, which is tight - a knitted clique of troubled wild, loyal, youthful girls with careless, indifferent, selfish parents who are doing their best to grow up and fight for themselves in the affluent suburbs of San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious choices about sex, drugs, alcohol, involvement, etc. at a tender young age unless they are fully prepared to fully address the potentially harmful consequences of those choices. Foster, who is one of her most spectacular, influential, and underrated acts to date, is basically the group's cave mother who values ​​the well-being of herself and others. She is particularly concerned about the kind-hearted but ruthless and self-destructive Currie, whose careless hedonistic lifestyle is likely to lead her to an untimely end. <br /> <br /> This picture provides a poignant, enlightening, often devastating credible and thorough investigation of broken, dysfunctional families that exist just beneath the well-groomed surface of Suburbia, and the tragic net result of such families: hard, resilient, but unfortunate and vulnerable children who have to deal with the problems and difficulties of their own growing up Parents are either too reckless or nonexistent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction," "Jacob's Ladder") Lyne's direction is both firm and attentive, while Gerald Ayres's script is a bit messy and sprawling, but still in all its sincere, bleak, unsentimental depiction of the thrills of an average Latchkey -Kindes chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday. Leon Bijou's soft, deaf-like, almost pastoral cinematography suggests a delicate and slightly fragile sense of calm and innocence. Giorgio Moroder arranged the excellent score, which uses Donna Sommer's elegiac "On the Radio" most effectively. Top-notch performers include Sally Kellerman as Foster's neurotic, insecure, sullen mother, Scott Baio as a cute skateboarder, Randy Quaid as Kagan's rich older friend, the 60s pop singer Adam Faith as the hopeless rock promoter father of Foster and Lois Smith as Kagan's suffocating, overprotective mother. In short sections, Robert Romanus (Mike Damone's "Fast Times at Richmont High") appears as one of Foster's boring ex-boyfriends and a greedy braced Laura Dern as a disgusting party crasher. "Foxes" is extremely authentic, captivating and deeply moving (Currie's grim ultimate destiny is heartbreaking). He is simply one of the most unsung and undervalued teen films filmed in the youth of the early 80's.
