... but the general's mileage may vary in Mary's "American Psycho" Harrons stylized view of the American sexual psyche, as seen through the lens of the immortal Queen of Curves, Bettie Page, boring anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Ms. Page, a primitive and decent admirer from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York hoping to become an actress and eventually became the Bondage Queen of the Universe. Nor am I going to run through the sketchy biopic plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page," despite the fact that I bring in big technical kudos to the technical aspects of the movie (a sequence of animated magazine covers that come to mind right away) and the improper use of an old camera , Finally, I do not want to mention the timely applicability of the themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control of the saints, the saints and the mundane. They are there for the viewer to record if they wish. The more things change, the more they stay the same, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> What I'm going through for a moment is the great performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. The truth is, Mol's face almost does not look like Bettie's, and she's not particularly built like Bettie (though only a fool would deny those beautiful breasts, and not a fool, me!). She does not even wear the thick, dark bush that hides Mrs. Inter's most intimate charm, but the fact remains that Mol completely embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every way, in every form and in every form. It's a brave "comeback" from an undeserved semi-darkness. I've never met Ms. Page (and most likely never will), but I devoured the photos and videos and read all the bios and interviews available, bought the trading cards and other trifles and so on. Honestly, I'm looking forward to Mrs. Page I discovered her for the first time in my youth between the front pages of dusty curious magazines in the barber shop and the twenty-five. Mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as I imagined without intending a pun, which I consider an Oscar-worthy performance. Liv Tyler would never have achieved Mol's brilliant intensity of characterization in a million years, and I'm grateful she left the project. Not that I would not mind seeing her totally naked, I hasten to add, but I can not imagine that her sort of sensuality would have been translated into the innocent arrogance of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> "The Notorious Bettie." Page "is not for everyone, nor bondage and discipline, I suspect that it will be much better on discs than in the theaters, legions of dedicated page fans and the curious will take care of it, I can only hope that the DVD with enough Bettie's extras are stuffed to show the uninitiated how well a job was done by Mol. <br /> <br /> In addition, a tip from the hat to a good side cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose famous photography business was Bettie's door to immortality, a last note to the young scribe who said that Ms. Page had no influence on his generation: take a look at Madonna's cone bustier and come back to us, Bettie Page is Whether you know it or not, the real godmother of fetish clothing, without her, Madonna and the rest of her relatives would never have existed.
