Film can be a mirror to see the world in a new light. Good night and good luck, for example, offered parallels to the modern judgment without evidence and interference in freedom. It is easier to investigate a moral problem if it is not too close to home: put it in a fictional or historical context that is remote from our immediate situation. In pornography, we regard ourselves as "enlightened" and our ancestors are hidden by curious ideas - usually with fire and brimstone. However, the definition of obscenity can easily fall victim to ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era that included not only McCarthyism but also the banning of comics (like Tales from the Crypt) on the basis that they would make teens into half-crazy juvenile delinquents. This film, based on key questions from his life, raises dilemmas that are as relevant today as they were in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film begins with two key scenes. In the first we see well-dressed, decent-looking men in a dodgy bookstore. One of them asks for pictures of women in dirty boots, who hold back - then it turns out that this is a covert policeman who directs a sting. The second scene shows Bettie Page waiting to be called as a witness. She looks rather reserved, as if she had just come from the church. The first 50 minutes are in black and white. Old-fashioned movie effects such as cloths and transitions reinforce the feeling that we're watching a movie of yesteryear, as well as the mannerisms of the cast, skilfully recreated fifties scenes, contemporary slang phrases, and the terse dialogue associated with filming the period , Archive material is often cut together - which will inspire many and irritate others. Fitting to its theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of photography in motion, and the older clips with fabulous beaches and landmarks are well in tune with Bettie's classic poses, which draw on an age of "Health & Nature" magazines. , , I admit that if you are not fascinated by the story, the effect can be a bit choppy. <br /> <br /> Very soon we go to the flashback. Bettie escapes a depression-depleted life in Nashville, animated only by church singing and salvation, and goes her own way alone. After her initial success, her modeling work breaks down into two areas: the mainstream glamor work, which focuses on her smile over the rainbow, and the photos that focus on the interest of professionals, including dressing with high-heeled boots and light bondage equipment. In an earlier audition (reminiscent of a scene with Naomi Watts' character on Mulholland Drive, also called Betty), she gives an emotional performance that sets her apart from her normal animated, happy (but ultimately boring) day-to-day expression , Is a part of her still unfulfilled? Bettie is often rejected in auditions as soon as they realize that she is the well-known pin-up girl. But we've never been asked to regret Bettie Page: her abusive childhood is quickly referenced and skipped; When raped by four hometown boys, we only see the threat and then recovered and survived Bettie in a deserted forest, attracting the brave face of a man who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br Although there is no nudity involved, it is Bettie's photos of particular interest that eventually cause trouble. When we return to court, a clergyman's opinions about the pernicious influence of such photos are taken as evidence. A psychologist authoritatively states how the photos lead to "suicide, murder, and psychosis" in adolescents exposed to them (presumably not in that order). Finally, a star witness tells how his son's life came to an end through such photos - "being spiked like that". It is not made clear how the "belching" causes death). The text, which accompanies a series of Bettie's photographs in a magazine, tells how she had to endure "terrible torments" with the fetish shackles (the audience knows that she really found them funny and that the phrasing and the photos themselves are pure dramatizations were ). After waiting for 12 hours, Bettie gets her evidence - she's the only one who could definitely say she was not photographed in agony - that will be "unnecessary." The "horrors" of the photos are proven. <br /> <br /> If this all sounds like the dark age we left, consider a recent (2003) incident banning Ann Summers advertising. It said, "For fashion and passion, whip you to your local shop," with a photo of the back of a woman. She wears a bra and a thong and her hands are handcuffed behind her back. The underwear and sex toys company, which targets female consumers (and also helps charities tackle domestic violence), said its ads are designed to "give women sexual trust and keep women in control of their sexuality." " One might conclude that prejudice and ignorance of Betty Page's investigations are still relevant. Bettie's religious beliefs are an integral part of the story, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the forbidden. The nature of sexual enjoyment is often prevalent in the United Kingdom and the United States - in contrast to the more factual approach in continental Europe. It could be argued that the formulas of sin and salvation and "being saved" are even reflected in mating patterns that maintain traditional male dominance. A police officer who meets Bettie in a friendly (but sexually motivated) manner in front of the courtroom offers to "rescue" her from loneliness. The knight in shining armor may be chivalrous, but also assumes that a woman must be saved. <br /> <br /> Love or hate, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary movie moral wake up call for those who pay attention to it. There is a superb ensemble drama, and Gretchen Mol as Bettie is notable as the entire movie follows or falls from her powerful performance.
