First of all, I've heard great things about this movie, not least from the retro / vintage scene and stocking lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and it did not disappoint. The film was shot in very clear black and white with color for key scenes and gives the early life and career of Bettie Page a documentary impression. <br /> <br /> There are many things I do not know about Page. First there was the rape of the gang, later there were her first attempts to develop an acting career and then glamor pictures, first with a camera club with men who could not get enough of her, and later with the Klaws, Paula and Irving, who despite Their bondage and fetish photos act as extremely pleasant and friendly people. If only modern pornography producers were like that, maybe better porn would be the result! For the most part, the film is neither a struggle against the evils of pornography, but also an attempt to show the environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce women's fetish and nude pictures. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because that meant that there was none of the "saturation effects" we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed a lot less hard. Page looks like someone who enjoys their work and is not affected by it. In many of her photos, she is tied up and gagged (trying to make a conversation), swinging a whip, swinging the photographers who take pictures of her photos and see them in 'initiation style' girlie bondage films, which are quite similar in comparison look tame with the hardcore stuff we have now. <br /> <br /> Page never became an actress and instead an abandoned pinup when she was in her thirties for "Jesus Christ". Her belief in God and Jesus never goes away, even if she is bound and gagged, she still insists that she has received from God a "gift" to do "this thing". As I watch this movie, I am more familiar with Page and reverent about her modesty, her beliefs and her behavior. It's unique compared to the identical blondes we have today and someone who can actually say, "There's a life after porn".
