She is not Michael Jordan. <br /> <br /> Think of all the wonderful NBA players whose career light was muted for no good reason other than when they were born. Their names could easily go public like Russell, Cousy, Byrd, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Wilt, the list goes on; However, the volume is somewhat reduced for Stockton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other great players who have always lost the headlines to Michael. <br /> <br /> I've seen Gretchen Mol's career in flames following the cover article in the Vanity Fair issue of 1998, in which Ms. Mol. It was later said that she overhyped has been. I do not agree with that. <br /> <br /> I still remember that after watching 'The Devil's Advocate '97 or '98, I was confused for some time with actress Mary Ann Lomax. Was it Mol or Theron? Oh yeah! Charlize Theron was the one in "2 Days in the Valley" and "Mighty Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol was in "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrity" and "Rounders". By the time I saw I had "The Thirteenth Floor" (mol) and "Sweet November" (Theron), I had pretty straightened them, but I still put them in the same drawer. Both were very talented, had cute faces, similar body types, short blonde hair, etc. Theron, however, was offered more work. I loved her as Sara Deever and as Adele Invergordon her beauty was almost intimidating. <br /> <br /> In the year 2003, "Monster" was released and until the handing over of the Oscar itself, everyone knew who had the "movie". The prize for the best actress went to. And rightly so! Theron was Aileen Wuornos. The only way to gain a deeper understanding of what triggered Aileen Wuorno's true tic would be to somehow play back the digital video caught in Selby's head. And for a great talent, to make yourself physically unattractive! Unknown! <br /> <br /> 2005 saw The Notorious Bettie Page. Mol's performance was exceptional. Maybe she was standing in the shadow of Mrs. Theron. It was like the ballroom for the victory celebration of the lost presidential candidate. Nobody came and no one was interested. It was considered a continuation of an ancient story. Promising actress with a diminishing career playing a nudity in a "B" movie. Hmmm! No no no! Not correct! No matter what you think about the movie (and I like movies from the fifties). If you pass on this movie, you will miss one of the better performances of this year. Ms. Moll was as much Bettie as Ms. Theron Aileen. Unfortunately, Aileen is the more sympathetic character for the film audience. For some reason, an amoral, sociopathic killer is less embarrassing for us than a naive, straightforward, unrestrained, religious girl whose felony was to live his life in complete trust and total exposure. Bettie Page was one of the icons of the fifties. Her photos and films are never sexual, never pornographic, but she presents herself as a caricature of all things that are confused. There was no sense of realism, just parody. Ms. Moll has captured the essence of the figure. She won 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normally slim figure, and when she posed for various photographers in the movie, her body was Betties. Her complete lack of frontal inhibition fits in with everything published about Bettie. Cinematic nudity usually shows eroticism or sexuality. This film is all about innocence. Seeing Gretchen / Bettie nude did not make me jump her, but she wanted to protect her from all the horrors people can inflict on each other. If you pass on this movie, you will miss one of the best performances of recent years. By the way, be ashamed of the MPAA for getting an R rating.
