Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well-played and filmed, it's at best a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister team that produced most of their most famous photos. Apart from her religious rebirth, it's not about her life after posturing. She cites "The Real Bettie Page" by Richard Foster as a source, but ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and imprisonment in a mental hospital. The close focus of the biography may be debated, but the majority of Bettie fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in their modeling career, what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well played with Gretchen Mol, who faithfully reproduces the look of Bettie and conveys the sweetness that radiates her photos. The character is played rather naïve, a likely by-product of interviews that Bettie has given in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photos, but rationalized them as drama and costumes. <br /> <br /> Also the side occupation is outstanding. Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor play Irving and Paula Klaw and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film was wrong with the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with the Klaws. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his rather rundown condition. Despite the quality of the acting, the film is a bit disappointing in terms of depth. The story is rather fleeting and we never really get to know Bettie. Just like her photos, it's just a picture. She tends to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety. Her photos were mainly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of underground and cult publications. Her true fame came when her photos were reprinted in the late 70s and 80s, and the Cult of Betty Page (as her name was usually written) grew. Bettie's biggest attention (pardon the pun) was seen in Playboy's January 1955 issue (the Christmas photograph shown in reverse in the film). The film is well done, if rather flat. It is able to sustain the interest until the end and shows many good performances. It reaches the highlights of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that would make it deeper. The end is more of a disappointment. It feels pretty abrupt. Still, the movie is definitely worth a look for anyone interested in Bettie or even the period. The soundtrack is great and really draws the viewer into the 50s. Last but not least, the film is a showcase for America's burgeoning sexuality and clash with the Puritan past. It is also a look at a symbol of men and women.
