First, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely adorable movie that is very lovingly from his time and subject (s). Gretchen Mol is absolutely painfully convincing. The soul of contradictions was smoothly reproduced by Mrs. Page herself. Irving and Paula Klaw are prolific of the working-class pride that they were (after seeing Paula at Movie Star News in 1990, I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is unassailable), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is a gorgeous one Genius. Anyone interested in the recorded history of American attitudes to sexuality should prefer to watch this movie in a theater where voices made with dollars count more. Secondly, I allow myself to be a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous, which does not affect my assessment of Mrs. Harrons work as the great piece it is, but requires that I be Notorious considered as an act of first-order political resistance. Mrs. Harron has created a subtle subversion. Together with V like Vendetta it is a film about another time of our time. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site will realize that the government will see them in Notorious (by transcribing the spoken words) in closed hearings by the Senate committee) is a very close approximation to the, under they are living. While Ms. Harron expressly refuses to add a political agenda to this film, Notorious is synchronizing with the present day her fidelity to the facts and the respectful and insensitive way she portrays them. The acts that Notorious presents in loving and accurate detail are defined as obscene by the Communications Decency Act, which was recently brought before the Supreme Court as a First Amendment and returned there on behalf of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective bondage portrayed in Notorious is now indictable by prosecutors in any (hostile) jurisdiction they choose. Of course, there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere on this matter when the CDA was passed. Of course, you do not know about it because you do not want people in Peoria telling you what you can and can not see (people in Peoria probably do not want me to tell them what to see). Of course, Notorious is never charged. It's Hollywood. It is legalized. However, countless Klaws continue to be ruled by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not developed much of its aesthetic, moral or biological composition over the past 50 years. Notorious also does not write an 18 USC 2257 Declaration of Conformity prescribed by the unrecognized recently enacted "Mark". If a medium contains images with "sadomasochistic restraint", it is necessary to provide (ex warrant) records of the age and circumstances of all performers. Notorious also fails in this regard. <br /> <br /> Notorious is not only an outstanding entertainment object and (almost) accurate historical document, but also the process against which the Bush Department of Justice itself is directed, the 14th Amendment (Same Protection) and possibly several other constitutional ones Reasons. In this respect alone, Mary Harron is a debt of gratitude. You will be thankful in any case, be it constitutional or otherwise, when you see this movie.
