I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, in part because of her appearance in the early days of the playboy (when she evidently wanted to be photographed by her and her Santa hat, she simply did not know what the magazine was). The film, co-written and directed by Mary Harron of the American Psycho, expresses the key areas of her life well enough. A southern beauty of a church visitor has had bad experiences and leaves them to look for better times in New York City, where she deals with modeling and from then on much more. Soon, she becomes the underground pin-up feeling, with bondage being the obvious (and "notorious" attribute of the title) attributed to her. Actress Gretchen Moll portrays her and lets this woman's mind down as much as possible, which is really a big part of the film's success. She is not a simple character, even though her ideas of morality are sometimes questionable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, right?" She commented a few times). Apparently, the filmmakers abandon Page's later years and leave her in a kind of redeeming time, leaving her the photo shoots for Jesus more than a kind of common bi-image presented by HBO films, but this time with the stamina for a movie. The best scenes Harron captures are Page in her "questionable" positions, photographs of her in exaggerated poses and ridiculous films with whips, chains and leather uniforms. This adds a much-needed comic relief to the film's usual nature. It's not that the story behind it is uninteresting. This implies that the government is investigating the "dirt" that comes from such photos and underground magazines. However, there is not much time to learn more about what is hinted at, with Page and its complexity or relationships, or about sex and the fifties. It's all neatly kept in black and white, and sometimes it seemed that Harron was pushing some of the black-and-white photos to become more and more colored as the process progressed. If you are unfamiliar with Bette Page, this is likely to be the case, probably for fans as well.
