"The Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress, instead becoming one of the most famous pin-up girls in American history. Bettie Page, played by Gretchen Mol, was one of the first sex icons in America. The style of modeling in which Bettie Page was involved took part in nudity and bondage, which in the 1950s led to a US Senate investigation into concepts of pornography since the 1950s. You can now go to the internet and find some of the most disturbing and shocking pictures ever taken. The material questioned in "The Notorious Bettie Page" seems almost childish and innocent. Most shots, including bondage, were not nudity when Bettie Page was involved. Today we have sick pictures where women can see women having sex with animals. I think the envelope may have been pushed too far since the 1950s because the film was very tastefully portrayed in terms of today's pornography. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was pretty impressed "The Notorious Bettie Page" I found the movie very good and interesting. The movie is exactly what the trailer makes you believe, and will take a very interesting look at one of the first female sex icons in America. Gretchen Mol looks just like Bettie Page and shows a very good performance. I also thought that because the film was shot in black and white, the film made it look realistic because it made the audience believe that they were seeing a movie shot in the late 1950s. <br /> <br /> My only complaint about the movie It was the running time, there seemed to be some scenes that were cut and a bit shorter than they should have been. I've looked it over and it seems as if 10 minutes since the original show at the Toronto Film Festival have been cut from the film. Also the end was pretty tame and I was expecting something more or maybe a few paragraphs to appear on the screen to tell the audience more about Bettie's page where the movie left off. These are my only two complaints about the movie, except that the direction was solid. The acting was great, especially Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mary Harron, director of "American Psycho" One of my favorite films is the director and author of "The Notorious Bettie Page". I think Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create an environment and create great character-based films, as "Psycho" is a character study and fine study. Harron captures the 1940s and 50s with ease, as well as all the characters. She is a very talented director, whom I hope will be with her for many more years. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story that shows how far both America and the world have come in terms of pornography. The film also features an outstanding performance by Gretchen Mol, literally nailing the role of Bettie Page on the head. And with a talented director who has been able to capture the look and feel of bygone eras, you have a good movie in your hand. Unfortunately, this movie is likely to flop, as not many people who grew up in that time will be interested in the film, but I think it's worth it. <br /> <br /> MovieManMenzel's final review for "The Notorious Bettie Page" is 8/10. It's an interesting character study of one of the most famous pin-up girls and sex icons in American history.
