If this film (as we and apparently others have left the theater) is perceived as disappointingly thin, it could be because the subject itself is slightly disappointing. The movie presents us to Bettie Page as she probably was: a playful, almost innocent person from the rural South, whose career as "the pinup queen of the universe" was simply dumb for her, a natural fun. Her potential moral concerns, her religious conversion, and her sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biographically accurate, yet difficult to understand, as she was so carefree in her livelihood. There are many reasons to see this movie nonetheless. These include not least the astonishing black and white cinematographs of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old-fashioned cloths and fades) that underestimated the fifties's faithful staging of the cast under the direction of Mary Harron Supporting actors (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention the Oscar-worthy and technically difficult main performance by Gretchen Mol. Ms. Mol plays several nude scenes and most others in amazing historical lingerie and "specialty" costumes (compiled by costume designer John A. Dunn), but she admires, amazingly, Bettie Pag's undreamt-of joy in her luscious body. To see Ms. Mol as Ms. Page, an aspiring actress advancing through the stages of increasingly less "bad" castings and student drama, it is a really good actress who completely controls her craft. <br /> <br /> The script effectively introduces us to the '50s of America, where sexual abuse, lawless kidnapping and rape in childhood, and the legal suppression of pornographic brands that today seem ridiculously tame, are a reality. The New York of the 50s is evoked with seamlessly intercut News Reel footage. The Miami of the 50s lives in a super-saturated 16 mm color. The real Bettie Page seems to be in front of us, smiling and posing, yet the effect is strangely easy, barely exaggerated and not at all dangerous. <br /> <br /> How strange should this biggest bondage symbol be so poisonous and that this technically excellent biopic should be so stingy.
