I just liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that this is less appealing is because we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this cartoon was great, but he really did not like it that much. There are too many people who say that Bruce is so cold, but if this is about five years later, everyone in a gang of criminals would get that angry and dark attitude, so that's no mistake for me. Batgirl was great that she was really fit because there are not any more Dick Grayson as Robins. Batman needed a good teammate, not like the new robin, he's just a kid and you can not rely so much on a kid. What did not work here: The new artwork ... it's not terrible, but ... for me it does not work in a series like Batman. This is a dark character, with a crazy killer like the Joker, so you can not put this kind of artwork in this cartoon. The joker is not a bad design, but I still like the joker of the past (but for me, the BEST Joker was the one that surfaced in Batman beyond that: Joker's return), so this joker is not nearly as good. The good thing about the Joker is that it still features the voice of Hamilton. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her) You have a great episode for her: Mad Love (for me the best episode of this series). Here we finally know how she filmed Harley Quinn and how the joker twisted her mind, and it feels the atmosphere you feel in the cartoon, darker, no happy ending, brutal fight with the joker (but too short) like it was to be the whole series. BUT, in general, I did not like the way Harley did it in this series ... in almost every episode, it's funny, but in a ridiculous way, she's beaten, she says she's silent, she's making mistakes ... come on you can laugh with her funny, not her ... and here they have made a fool of themselves (as I said, the only episode in which I do not believe that she is in crazy love and beware of the creeper) Good show , it has ups and downs that could be better (MY GOOD !!! KILL THAT CATWOMAN !!!!). Beautiful sound effects, beautiful music, beautiful voices and beautiful episodes: My Favorites, Mad Love, Joker's Millions Old Wounds, Father's Sins and Cold Comfort. If you enjoyed Batman: TAS, you can see this, but you should not speculate too much. However, if you have not seen TAS, look at it first and then TAS in such a way that you will really love TAS: D
