This Showtime movie really deserves a much better audience rating than 4.5; I gave him a 10, based on the story and the spectacle of the two stars. After reading the audience comments, I was surprised at how many people expected this film to be a comedy. Yes, I see that IMDb lists it as genre comedy / drama. That's certainly misleading, is not it? Fortunately, I saw the movie before I logged in to this site. So I did not have that expectation. Because of the summary of my hearing, I actually expected it to be simply a drama. I wonder if the disappointment that this is not a funny movie has led to many low voices. <br /> <br /> Another factor that may have led to low votes is that this movie is very much influenced by the characters. 'Driving Miss Daisy' is an example of another character-driven movie. Someone's earlier comment complained about a boring process. Tom's work scenes (Danny Glover) seemed to distract from the actual plot of the film. That's how he constructed the social advancement of his family - or his personal troops, if you like. However, they served the credibility and justification as a right to move to Greenwich and "move up" in the world. Tom's obsession became a compulsion. He proved that he would stop at nothing to mingle in the white neighborhood. His anger as another black man moved next door was not due to the color of his skin. It was because of everything the "intruder" represented; everything Tom had left behind. Essentially, Tom had become an Oreo cookie: black on the outside, white on the inside. <br /> <br /> The last 20 minutes of this film are among the most written, by directors and actors (by Whoopi Goldberg) I have always had the pleasure of witnessing. I realized that the highlight of the movie was not the obvious event that happened next door (I do not want to reveal it). The climax is verbal and Whoopi delivers it. I'm still not sure if it's the conversation when she informs Tom which college is being visited by Tom-Two or if she releases it all in the middle of the night and Tom wakes up. Nevertheless, the resolution is great. You know that life on this road will never be the same. <br /> <br /> My favorite type of character: man makes problems, pain, dancing, growing, changing and living on. As a spectator, I can learn something or be inspired.
