If you were not there, unfortunately, this film will be inappropriate for you. What, I say, is a shame, because although some of the acting is amateurish, it is meant for realism. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things in an exact or perfect way, even if we want to. In this sense, it works. However, this does not apply to our "known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born nature). The fact that the other 3 girls are not done contributes only to the story - Jodie plays the glue that strives to cultivate their friendship, even with the obvious feeling of death. That means, no matter how close friends are, there will eventually be people who just fade, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And that's the core of the movie. It's not about party, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their last time as a young girl, before they have to go out on their own. <br /> <br /> If you ever had such a friendship In your life you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter in which epoch or epoch you grew up. We all knew these girls at school or at least they did not know you at all. We all knew the frustrated maiden, who wanted to hold on to a half of her childhood, and the half who desperately wanted to grow up, and think that would do that for her. We all knew the young madman, the fashion plate whose vanity hides her fear of the world, her fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl they were whispering about, not only talking about their sad home, but also about their notorious deeds. And we all knew the "mother figure," the more realistic, a little down to earth, a little sadder, because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. You may have been like me at some point in time ... <br /> <br /> This film really captures this fragile time in life when desires, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, the world and loneliness are all in Every woman's head anchored, every factor on the brink. At which aspect do you hold fast? What would you throw over the edge, no matter how you want to hold on to? And how painful is the farewell to everything you know? That's what this movie is about: Step into the woman while clinging to childhood and how damn hard it is to move on. If you were there, you know ... and love this movie, just like me. Painful and tender. A fine piece of conquered femininity.
