As a low-budget company, where the filmmakers themselves produce and distribute DVDs, perhaps we should not expect too much from Broken in Disc form. The most remarkable thing about this whole performance, however, is the fact that this release has enough extras to embarrass a James Cameron DVD and to offer a very fine presentation that Broken is associated with a non-anamorphic transmission. Otherwise, we get the film in its original ratio of 1.85: 1, show no technical defects and look pretty much as expected. In fact, if Ferrari applies the approach when putting together this CD, you can really guarantee something like that. <br /> <br /> The same goes for the soundtrack. Here we are offered both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​blends, and while I'm not sure which should be considered "original", the fact that Ferrari was involved in both methods is neither inferior , Although the DD5.1 ​​may provide a more atmospheric viewing experience due to the way it uses the score, both are equally fine and free from technical errors. Take a look at the sidebar on the right side of the screen and you'll see lots of commentary, lots of featurettes and different galleries. Given the way in which everything has been broken up into tiny pieces, rather than being summed up in a full documentary, there is really little to discuss. For example, the "anatomy of a stunt" is exactly what it claims, and so is the rest of the parts. As such, we get a report on pretty much all aspects of Broken's pre-production, production, and post-production. And although it was preferable to find them in a more digestible overall "making of", this way we have easy access to the specifics we want to look at. <br /> <br /> Of the different Then maybe it's just the comments that need discussion. On the other hand, there is a predictable atmosphere for each of the chat tracks. The one who involves the actors is overly humorous and does not take the movie too seriously. Ferrari's pieces are unbelievably enthusiastic about the whole thing. And the technical ones are very technical. Of course, we also get crossover with what has been described elsewhere on the discs, but after only 19 minutes none of these pieces has got beyond their welcome. All in all, a fine additional package.
