An independent feature can now be viewed both as a cinematography and as a video resume. Enter Broken and aggressively promoted for twenty minutes with style and enthusiasm. But is it good as a movie or does it only work as a demo? Ah, that's the problem. <br /> <br /> Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton being abducted after awaking one night from a recurring nightmare of a "sadistic stranger and his colorful entourage" (quote from the video box). When she is imprisoned, it becomes obvious that her kidnappers know things about her that even she herself did not know. As they question them, a black-clad soldier shoots into their hiding place to rescue her. Mayhem follows. Fortunately, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he's doing, or at least he can fake it very well. Broken does not suffer from a lack of visual flair, which is particularly praiseworthy given its budget and the inexperience of all those involved. What suffers from it is weak and a kind of derived font. Think Long Kiss Goodnight meets The Matrix, ten minutes after reading the Fight Club. The good news for Ferrari and producer and writer Jorge Rodriguez is that the story elements can easily be ignored when the oodles of eye candy are shown. Is the action really so important that in twenty minutes the technical abilities of the creators should be shown? No not true. <br /> <br /> Although it would be unfair to overlook negative aspects of the budget and length of the film. Broken is not a classical genre. The biggest problem was that it actually worked better as a whole. The last "turn" does not provide enough build-up time to be shocking. If Ferrari had the time to slow down the feature when needed, the pad elements will be less random and the movie will be more complete. Here's to know that he has the chance. Audio Broken's Dolby Digital 5.1 presentation is unsurpassed in the indie world. I have never heard of such a small feature so aggressive surround. The matrix-inspired soundtrack is very rich and deep, the shots are powerful and even the dialogue picks up the surround effects. Of all that is presented on this CD, the audio is the praise for the modern, independent DVD production. Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround track, which is the default setting in the menu. <br /> <br /> Extras There are literally hours to create functions on this disc. In fact, there are so many extras that it seems unrealistic to list and describe everyone here, while continuing to expect my readers to continue to read. Whatever the short form, the DVD is unprecedented in its sources of information. Anyone who has enjoyed the film can learn everything about its production, from conceptual art to an advertising campaign. Those who plan to make their own indie film can learn everything they need to know from these features. <br /> <br /> The extras are divided into categorial menus. These include: pre-production, production, post-production, shortly after production, as well as cast and cast. From a critical point of view, I found that some sections were quite short. If you changed them to a featurette per menu option, navigating would have been less frustrating as the cursor was reset to the top of the list each time you returned to the main area. Of course, this is just a joke, but maybe the filmmakers will take heart in future DVD releases. <br /> <br /> It contains six audio commentaries and hours of interview recording and talented people despite the consonant. The quality of the workmanship is transparent. <br /> <br /> The willingness to share their movie making secrets with anyone recording this DVD is quite generous. From the extras, I've learned which editing software and effects software is the most reliable and effective, which makes the most professional looking camera look for the lowest price, even where cheap, soft soft weapons are available. In addition, I was offered several options if I could not find any products that were used for that particular production. Wannabe filmmakers who are unwilling to read a book on this topic would do well to watch this DVD. <br /> <br /> Overall, I rated the actual short round as 6 out of 10, but I wish there was an option for feature length potential and effort because I would have achieved 8 or 9 in those areas. I recommend the DVD because of its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with just eight thousand dollars. Those who buy the DVD can think of themselves as ghost producers for a bigger project. The more attention these guys get, the more money the feature length version will get.
