After the fame of The Snare, it was unlikely that another outing for Hanzo could make it any better, and that does not exceed this expectation, but it's a good movie and sits neatly between the funny, but chaotic first chapter and the awesome second in terms of quality and overall entertainment. The script was written by Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels to The Snare and the anticipated hi-jinks of a Hanzo movie, but the film brings some minor changes to the formula, adding both character and character to a calmer, reflective edge. The movie begins with Hanzo's assistants, startled by a ghost. Normally, he immediately decides that he must have carnal knowledge of that mind. It turns out that the ghost serves as a guard for a stolen coin stock, and from this lineup unfolds a story of theft, corruption and usury, with violent and dodgy results. Shintaro Katsu is as fantastic as expected as Hanzo effortlessly acts as a deadly fighter and sexual force of nature. He is equally good at moments when he knows humor and is sympathetic, almost an ordinary gentleman in moments of drama filled with a social conscience and a touching edge of personal feeling. The anticipated comedy also comes into its own, his moments with "Snake" Magobei being perhaps the most entertaining of the series, while his interactions with his servants are as entertaining as ever. The film is consistently beautiful with beautiful moments, a good deal of action and a bit of suction laden, but it loses something of a relatively restrained approach. There are shades of the two previous films, the plotting, the tempo and the intelligence are reminiscent of The Snare, and if the film is aimed at Sleaze, it is very well suited, with a thoroughly processed and effective early survey sequence. However, director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially bleak scenes in a more experimental manner than Kenji Misumi's less well-understood work in Sword Of Justice, the episodes of which are sometimes very beautiful, like a man playing a tune on the koto and plucking close-ups of him unknown fingers on the strings Hanzo is plowing his wife and sometimes a little weak, like an orgy reduced to a naked, free psychedelic whirl of moving limbs that only seems confusing. The nakedness and bloodshed are generally downplayed, which is a pity, though a little bit of both could have been a stronger approach, it's definitely the kind of movie where dirty and unrestrained nudity and violence are best suited. But even with less exploitative goods, this is still very entertaining, the predictable moments are performed with flying colors and there are more than enough intrigues and excitement, even some effective surprises. It's really a movie for the fans who plays the work from previous installments and works sweetly, if not spectacularly. All in all, an almost pleasant, albeit slightly flawed conclusion of a delightful trilogy, the second best of them and worth discovering for lovers of these things.
