After the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka "Hanzo The Razor - The Sword of Justice", 1972) and his outstanding (and even more slippery) sequel "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973) )), this "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and sad last part of the incredible saga about the incorruptible samurai constable Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu), who fights corruption with his martial arts as well his enormous sexual powers. "Sword Of Justice" became a favorite of me as a big fan of the 70-year-old exploitation cinemas filmed in Nippon, so I was more than excited to find the sequels and eagerly anticipated when I stumbled upon them recently am. The third "Hanzo" movie is not quite as brilliant as its predecessors, but it's definitely another cult piece that no lover of Japanese exploitation cinema should miss. "Who's Got The Gold" is a bit more tame than the previous two Hanzo films, but it's just as awfully funny and grossly humorous as it starts with a surprisingly strange one: The movie starts when Hanzo's two assistants see a female spirit fishing. Hanzo always wanted to sleep with a ghost. He insists that his assistants lead him to the scene ... If this is not a promising start for a great movie experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written especially for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, the stubborn and fearless constable who hates corruption and deliberately offends his superiors and is one of the unique interrogation techniques to rape female suspects. The interviewees are immediately drawn to him for his sexual powers and enormous penis, which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I'm not going to tell you about the plot in Who's Got The Gold, but I can assure you that it's as cool as it sounds. The supporting services are also very good and like the predecessors, there are many funny, eccentric characters. This is unfortunately the last movie in the breathtaking series "Hanzo". If they had done 20 sequels more, I would have liked to see them all! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant and although this third part is a bit inferior to its predecessors, it is definitely a must for all lovers of cult cinema! Oh, I wish they had done more sequels!
