L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The hypothesis of the stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-storey Parisian residence. Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who seems to have dedicated his life to studying the six familiar colors available to the obscure Impressionist painter, Tonnerre. A narrator recites various epigrams on art and painting and then conducts a dialogue with The Collector, who describes the paintings, shows us a bit about the painter and the scandal that plunged him, and then tells us that he Show us something .... <br /> <br /> When he goes through a door, we enter another world or worlds, or maybe to push the boundaries, other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly limitless house, including a large garden with trees and a hill; Within these boundaries are the 6 images that are brought to life, or halfway to life, as it guides us through various tableaux, describing the possible meanings of each painting, the entire work, and a whole secret story behind the pictures, the scandal, the people in the pictures, the novel that might have inspired the pictures. And so on and so on. Every space, every description, takes us deeper into a labyrinth, and The Collector and The Narrator deal with their own monologues, which occasionally lead to a dialogue, but are mostly separate and distinct. <br /> <br /> I saw it a second time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable, and it was so difficult to think or write about it. If I have any idea what this summarizes, it would be a cunning satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. An indicator could be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes in which The Collector poses some sexless plastic figures - in the second of them, he also looks at photos of the figures that reflect the poses in the paintings. - Then he goes through his collection, which is composed in part of life-size versions of the characters. If we think about it too much and not just enjoy it, it's all going to be faceless plastic .... <br /> <br /> Whether I came to "definitive conclusions" on "Hypothèse du tableau volé" or not, I can definitely say that apart from the early (and contemporary) works of Peter Greenaway like "A Walk Through H" I was rarely fascinated by such deep, so serious, so dense content ... and at heart, so mischievous and funny.
