This project was originally conceived as a movie version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and that's nothing new for Jay Chou, who made his movie debut with a character from another popular manga initial D. Along the way, it was decided to put some kung-fu in the movie, hence the title, even if the idea was not very original, with Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer combined with martial arts and ball games. <br /> <br /> However, the scenes in which Kung Fu actually influenced the games were kept to a minimum and really superfluous in Kung Fu Dunk because they did not add much to the plot and did not cause much excitement, and possibly one cheap laugh and thought about the time when Stephen Chow used Kung Fu in football matches. Jay Chou feels well in his role as martial artist Fang Shi-jie because he did not fight for the first time with martial arts (Curse of the Golden Flower), and he was created under the stunt leadership of Ching Siu-tung to be truly credible when he crushes countless gangsters in a bar out of the trailer, just to let you know who the boss is. That was almost the reason why his character became a kung fu practitioner, the fact that he had an excuse for being a top shot that could shoot the tires from virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang as short-time striker Chen-Li, seeing his potential and becoming his agent, he joins a university to play college basketball, but not without Captain Ting-wei's initial objection (Chen Bo-Lin ) and his team Star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, on his movie debut). But with teammates on the same side, it's not that long before they join forces to compete with opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I'm going to keep my neck out to say that this movie is something basketball just like Goal football was. It did the sport well because of its charismatic characters, even though they put so much coolness and seclusion to rest. Special effects and wire-rope work were used here to make the actors appear as professionals who can take a leading position in the NBA league. Honestly, it looked really stunning, especially when they mimic different immersion steps and combined moves thanks to technology and stunts. The kung fu elements do not necessarily have to be in the movie. The stunt work itself will be able to justify most of the steps, as they are fairly realistic, and all you have to do is believe that boys of average height have feathers in their feet to use that height for a professional jump. <Br /> <br /> It's a pity that the number of games was only a handful and the time was spent on many subplots, but both were loosely engineered and flown in and out of the story whenever they wanted. Things like the abandoned shi-jie quest for basketball games to one day visit his parents, the gangsterism that permeates and influences games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in another flower vase role, just to look good. Everyone is acting a little too cool and leaves the main characters little room to give depth. One of the key topics is the recognition of the importance of teamwork and not of individual talents and abilities. It could have been much more pronounced if the players themselves interacted much more off-field than just on and during the game competing games, aside from the high-fives and friendly passports. <br /> <br /> With the $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where the money went - the impact, especially a massive fantasy sequence, is a crucial point in the movie. It's pretty flawless to look nice and probably justify on its own because of its quality, but I'd like to reiterate that the basketball stunts themselves would become a decent movie with nifty basketball moves even without those elements. And having Jay Chou play for your team is a big boost for hoping for box office success.
