Jay Chou plays an orphan raised in a kung fu school but thrown out by the corrupt headmaster after battling a bunch of thugs in a ruthless villain. He is on the trickster Eric Tsang, who comes across his happiness, who immediately sees money in the abilities of the teenager. Basketball is the chosen path to wealth, and Tsang asks him to gain a place in a university team and promote it in the media. General success leads to a basketball championship and a really disagreeable rival team, which was managed by the same nefarious villain as before. <br /> <br /> It's all a bit Shaolin Soccer, I think, but not so quirky or ridiculous - the plot stays pretty close to sports movie conventions and delivers all the elements that viewers expect from the lineup. You've seen it all before, but it's something that never hurts to see it again if it's done well. Luckily, this one is really well done (some say "surprising" with Chu Yen-Ping on the director's chair ... I think he had good "assistants") - the script delivers and the presentation is smooth and stylish. Jay Chou remains pretty flat throughout, but that's his style, and flipping through an emotion can make for a pretty good comic effect. Eric Tsang compensates with a larger than life figure he has played many times (in real life, for example), who gets many of the movie's most emotional moments. <br /> <br /> As the movie revolves around basketball, it's good that the scenes of basketball matches are equally compelling. The cast shows some real abilities, including Chou, and some well-made wireworks and CGI add the element of hyperreal kung-fu abilities that make the scenes even more entertaining (assuming you like this kind of thing) and justify the storyline / existence There's only one major fight scene in the movie, but it's a fool in the "against many" style. Jay Chou seems to do a lot of his own moves and is pretty impressive - he's clearly pretty strong and fast, and Ching Siu-tung's choreography makes him look like a real martial artist. I wish there had been more, but at least it was a lengthy fight. <br /> <br /> Very much the kind of Chinese New Year's blockbuster that I hoped would come from the trailer and recommended me the reputation!
