Lost, probably the best TV series ever made. The story is smart, and if all your questions are answered while watching an episode, 100 more will be counted. If Lost can continue on his great paths and not get carried away too much, then it will be the best show ever. The survivors of a plane crash must live together on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses its own threat. After reading this, do you think how in the world can that be interesting? and here is your answer, in every season SO FAR was always full of surprises. They always wondered why that happened and what happens next time each time. The series simply sucks you in, it's daunting and very addictive, everything from the wonderful creators to the great performances of the cast creates a very believable story. Lost is just amazing, amazing, highly entertaining, top notch, t.v at its best. As always, you want to say it. <br /> <br /> Lost beat's all the other shows by a landslide. And if you hate or criticize Lost, you do not know how to watch t.v or drama. Lost just is not disappointed, you might think a series that goes on for so long can not always get better. But it does! It just keeps going, it's different than anything you'd ever think of. "Everything happens for a reason." And that really shows in the series. At some point you will reach a point where all the clues lie and everything that happened or is done adds up. You will feel and recognize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going on. <br /> <br /> The 10 minutes of excitement: you see something that you have not seen, something that has happened to the character or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a big turn that can or will change everything. You hear your train of thought and ask yourself what will happen next. Your heart beats. The 30 minutes of brilliance: you see flawless scenes, build up tension, you hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. You see great flashbacks, impressive acting. They see a funny, chilling atmosphere, which then turns into tension again. <br /> <br /> Everybody has to show there that he too is addicted, that he can not get enough, that he admires every minute and can 'I am waiting for the next episode, that they talk about everything 24/7 , To me and to many others it is this series. Lost. Once you start watching, you will not get enough. The creators have done a perfect job. Lost is absolutely unique and original, you do not see that. The clever idea of ​​"Flashbacks and Flashforwards" and something big and different in every season draws your thoughts. Would you ever do a series like "LOST"? Something so interesting and something that you will always remember. It just astounded the world when it hit t.v. A new generation of drama / science fiction. An instant classic before addressing the audience. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you've all heard of Lost and it's 5-star ratings and your annoying friend who will not stop telling you to stop you from watching? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new and it never stops getting better and better. They are getting more and more interesting and they know what's on the island they are. I would not even think about it. The characters start to get very sympathetic, and if you're the critic type, you'd like to see Lost closer, such as how the relationship develops between the characters and how they learn to master the island's challenges. All in all, it's a great drama and a flawless series. I think we all hope that it will be lost and there will be no end in the episodes that get too far ... so if you do not get lost, read the comment from the top again and you should change your mind , Seeing is believing, until you begin to watch, you will never know. I recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! look !!! You have not seen anything until you beware FORGETS !!!
