The film was shot in the summer of 1990. He was partially shot at Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC, and the rest in Winston-Salem. The massive offices of RJ Reynolds have been used in several office scenes and locations in the beautiful city known as the Tulip Capital of the World Winston-Salem! I enjoyed my work very much, though it was hard work building all the sets, like the Gulf of Mexico, where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi were on their date. I also had a big hand decorating the bar, where Larry meets the magical bartender Mr. Destiny. I've posted all those pictures on the wall of sports heroes and decorated the phone booth where Larry is asking for a taxi. I even put my mother's photo at eye level so I could freeze it and show it when we saw it. I remember dyeing the grass in his old house with green dye because it got wet first (it was a new house in a new facility and I think they leased it for the movie). Then I had to cut the freshly made sod To make it look beautiful, that was hard! As for the movie, when we shot it, we had no idea what it would look like, but after seeing it, I fell in love with it because it really told the story of "what if" so well, like I've ever seen, including the movie Great It's a wonderful life. I cried so many times that I can not count. I met the wonderful actor Michael Caine as I filmed scenes in an old Minor League ballpark, where Larry's childhood scenes were played and repeated. I remember after taking a take and returning to his devotee, I ran him down and asked him for a photo, and he was quite amiable and said "why not!" He is a good guy and a really natural and powerful actor. I can not say the same for Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, smoking big Cuban cigars and talking loudly so that anyone within earshot could hear every word. His career has never started, but he has had a decent television career lately. I would say, watch this movie if you ever get the chance. It is wonderful and very warm and genuine. You can feel Larry's pain after stepping into the new world Mr. Destiny gives him after meeting Homer, and because he wants so much people believe he's not that villain, everyone believes. They all think he belongs in a nut house! At some point he will win people over, but until then he wants to regain his real life so much, especially his wonderful wife, played so beautifully by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants his dog back! So look at it.
