Mr. Destiny - 3.5 / 5 Stars <br /> <br /> The theme "Mr. Destiny" is recycled from many films from many different years. The subject ranges from recent parodies of such conspiracies (see "Scrooged") to the same more serious and dramatic notion that works in "It's a Wonderful Life," and a century earlier in the story of Scrooge, as told by Charles Dickens. " A Christmas song." "It's about having an ungrateful man taken on a tour through his life and witnessing how his life could have been (or would have been) firsthand." In most of these movie types the guardian angel saves a man from ingratitude and shows him his life in retrospect, or how it might have been, should have been, in which case we are shown a businessman named Larry (James Belushi), he hates his life, he lives with a not exciting wife (Linda Hamilton) and longs for a bigger life with greater meaning: If he had just beaten the ball in high school years ago in the state championship, he is convinced that his life would have been better, I think He remembers this seemingly small Moment of his life, because he had a great influence on his subconscious, but I do not think that a grown man after a single act of the Hi ghschool would long. Nevertheless, he works in the movie. Anyway, Larry drives home from work one night, where he's a pen pal with Jon Lovitz when he's hello's car breaks down. He goes to a bar and looks for a payphone. He reluctantly decides to tell the bartender (Michael Caine) how his life is developing. Here we first see him at his baseball strike in his childhood. <br /> <br /> The bartender listens and nods and does not seem to care about other customers. This is probably due to the fact that the bar, though old and tattered, was apparently never occupied by living people except these two men. In fact, Larry even comments that he has never seen the bar before. This is most likely for a reason the public expects Larry. <br /> <br /> So, the bartender, who like Clarence could be an angel of God, makes a special drink from him to Larry, who eventually reverses Larry's life and shows him what his life would do. It was, as if he had met the home run all those years ago. But Larry has no idea of ​​any changes, just as Jimmy Stewart did not know that Clarence had erased his life until he went to the bar and was kicked out of the house. Larry is unaware of the changes until he goes home. Outside, the lawn is different, and a tall, wrestler-type man occupying his house. Larry realizes that his life would have been very different indeed if he had hit the home run. Instead of marrying Linda Hamilton, he married Rene Russo and moved into a large mansion with children. He finds out that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend but an associate of his. And the most surprising fact of all is that Larry has always wanted to live with his new life ... that he longs for his old wife Linda Hamilton; A proof that money and a handsome but flat woman sometimes do not make everything in a man's life, like a smart woman and love and true happiness. Just as "It's a Wonderful Life" has shown how the audience makes a man's life, and that every human being has an impact on people, "Mr. Destiny" shows that material wealth does not equate to spiritual wealth has a lesson taught us over and over again, but never so fluffy, forgetful and really sweet, as shown in "Mr. Destiny". <br/> <br/> "Mr. Destiny" is never hilarious, but it's such a sweet, good-natured comedy that never takes itself too seriously. The problem with all the retuning of "It's a Wonderful Life" like "The Family Man" is that they try to be as influential and memorable as "It's a Wonderful Life". But there are only so many times that you can rip off a famous movie single-handedly, and "Mr. Destiny" knows it and plays it right. It does not try to be something it is not. it's something it did not want to be, and that's obvious to the audience. <br /> <br />
