While the original 1932 release of Preston Foster was good, there is no remake that is out of reach, or impossible to find elsewhere, as Mickey Rooney firmly believes he had something to do with it. Never could a mere performance ever be so brilliantly brilliant or a thought-provoking script and an improvement on the original. Many years after my last viewing of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey told Rooney a visit he had made on death row, and which apparently drastically eliminated the sense of personal identification he was appropriating. I felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was about as short as the main character and did not cover much, except for the extent to which his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the inmates themselves had been emphasized, even in the language I do not want to cite explicitly here. , , , , One of my main problems with the death penalty is that it is of course not applied equally and impartially, just as many innocents are far too careless and therefore unnecessarily exposed to this particular fate. Another problem I have with it is that it is not applied fast enough, or even public enough! The Bible, in such cases, makes a special point in relation to one of the more important purposes of such, as a deterrent, ineffectively obscured, not just a public visit, but also the direct participation of all! For those who claim to prove statistically that this is not an effective deterrent? Not only do I have a problem with the reliability of their data, but I have no or objectively rebuttable doubts that many are now behind bars because of the lack of such deterrence. However, I have a problem regarding the fact that Robert Duvall was punished in the apostle for his particular "crime" at all, or that the only hope for indulgence for one he must rely on is "temporary madness" defense if this would be the only acceptable excuse in his kind of case. , , , In addition to various other questions about Mickey Rooney's motives for this particular visit he had shared and the answers I can only speculate on, I suspect that the most important one was clearly religious in nature. I do not know exactly when he became the professing Christian. He does it now, whenever possible, to a special point to emphasize that he is. But, as everyone should know, this particular category tends to be the most fierce of blood when it comes to gaining an eye for an eye. However, I have no particular arguments about the fact that per se, as there is no biblical saying, not all and perhaps not all the same ultimate fate is spared by the Lord Himself. as a result of his sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem for me in terms of the spirit or attitude with which most professing Christians underline their enthusiasm for the death penalty. In contrast to the Lord Himself, who would like to see everyone saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to ruthlessly get out of the way to find grounds for condemnation! , , , What most people on both sides of this most burning issue do not seem to appreciate enough is that the Lord is as dynamic and elixir soft in nature as he is hard. The two sides of his being seem to be so inherently incompatible that they at least make him deranged by any strictly human consideration. Regardless of how cruel and unbelievable this miraculously dynamic mixing of water and oil is in its nature, it can undoubtedly be that everything that is underneath or something that is fanatical and characteristic on one or the other side of this equation is inadequate and unacceptable just before the entire judicial truth. In fact, I've seen that the most bloodthirsty thirst for the Same broke out unopposed, and on far too many occasions when the categorically opposed anti-death penalty advocates are confronted, even if that's rationally balanced paths, with the fact that, Although the Lord died for all, not all of them are saved. In order to obtain absolution, one must, in order to repeat the same concept, reach for it and accept it, ie repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Could make something more sense? , , , But then what about the Lord's command, even with enemies, to forgive those who despise and persecute you without a just cause or provocation? One of the most prevalent difficulties in this kind of sentimentality, as it is misinterpreted in public, is the way in which it simplifies the true meaning of forgiveness in a confusing way. Forgiveness does not mean the same thing as the unconditional apology of the forgiver. If one takes a clearly sober, reasonably balanced view, from the perspective of God's own attitude, it is really only a passionate desire that the forgiver will eventually find his way to see the light and be mercifully granted. This attitude, of course, is the exact opposite of, say, Jonah, who really resented it when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would lead to their repentance. Jonas did not want them to turn back, but he insisted that they be destroyed. As self-righteous, cold-blooded as most self-confessed Christians, apart from the fact that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonas almost as much as he would. Apart from the remorse of the forgiver, any forgiveness he can receive from a true Christian will be of no use to him. In such a case, only the true Christian can benefit from it!
