New York City houses one man over all else, possibly immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the sworn protector of humanity. He uses his magical powers to keep his brother and rival Kabal on the line so he can not enslave mankind. Well, would not you know? A prophecy comes true and Kabal frees himself and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. Can Mordrid defeat his evil brother with the help of a police officer named Sam? "Dr. Mordrid" is by Charles Band from the Full Moon Archive Collection. I did not hear anything about it, which is a bit strange because I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie is not that old. But now it is mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The movie is definitely fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band delivers the music (which is not very different from all his other notes) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What more do you want? The cheese factor is of course high. I felt that a large part of the film was a rip-off of Dr. Ing. Strange comics was. And the blue pantsuit was stupid. And there are plotting holes everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabal appear suspiciously like hammer and sickle? Combs has never been a strong actor, so he fits in well with the cheese. These are not complaints. Full moon fans expect these things and devour them like crunchy Grape Nuts. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a Full Moon fan or a Jeffrey Combs fan, you might want to look elsewhere. However, if you like the style of the early 1990s when filming and hairstyling, you'll eat it up. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger might see Brian Thompson as a villain who looks like an idiot and is unable to speak English beyond a third grade. I did. I wish there was a "Mordrid II", but the company that cheats on everything ("Gingerdead Man 3" is really necessary) has passed it on.
