The film "Holly" is the story of a young girl who was sold by his poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous red-light village "K11". In the film, Holly waits to be sold for her virginity at a price when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends through gambling and bar-fighting. Patrick and Holly have an immediate connection to their "stubbornness," but that's all interrupted when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears. As moviegoers, we are then entangled in Patrick to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what's right and wrong. "Holly" leads us through the beautiful and rough Cambodia and discovers that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and abused every year without rights and protection. Holly is less extreme than her topic suggests, such as documentary films, the 4-year-old and sexual trafficking, but it does manage to shed light on the Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking in prostitution. It's a moving story that helps shed light on the terrible situation many children and their struggles are facing to know what's right and wrong. Patrick, the antagonist of the film, is an American dealer in stolen artifacts who also loses money and friends while playing cards and getting into bargaining. During a trip his motorcycle is empty and he has to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay, he encounters Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and taken to slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers a smart, stubborn girl under the traumatized exterior and is determined to rescue her - though her strictly platonic relationship is misunderstood by almost anyone she encounters. When she suddenly disappears, he sets out to find her, without considering whether he can really help her. Holly escapes en route to another brothel as she jumps off the truck and runs into a field of mines. A mine is fired by a cow, and the truck driver thinks she's dead, leaving Holly alone. During Patrick's trip to Holly, he seeks a social worker who tries to understand him a bit, and shares with him the facts that haunt the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for their freedom simply arouses the demand, she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he says, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​bringing her to safety is quickly quelled when the social worker tells him the US does not let him adopt. Although it takes five minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to re-integrate it into society. Patrick is unaffected by the information and continues his search for Holly. <br /> <br /> The public is then shown to be getting into a small town and looking for food with other homeless children. She becomes friends with local police officers, who seem little better than bad guys with badges when they sell her to another brothel and then lock up a Vietnamese businessman who then takes her virginity. Holly then seems to think that this is her fate, and when Patrick finally finds her, she is ready to turn her distant friend into Yum Yum and Boom. Patrick is completely confused by this behavioral change, but he does not let himself be diverted from his plan to take her away from this world. In the end, he steals her and brings her to a safe land in the comfort of social workers. Holly gets fresh clothes when she is fed and brought to a dance lesson, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. After this intense yearning for Patrick's friendship, she runs back from the safe house in Cambodia to the streets. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick is busy deciding to leave the country and flee to the United States or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts keep coming back to Holly and during a visit to a bar; An older man sees the picture he is holding, commenting on his sexual appetite when he has sex with her. That makes Patrick angry and he meets the man and runs out of the bar. Eventually Patrick gets caught by the police in the eyes of Holly hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" could get the public to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of poor youth and even fight to reduce the number of brothels in the area, but the dramatic flaws in the film can reduce the likelihood of being seen by enough people to make a difference. Overall, I find the concept better as a documentary and was not as touching as a movie. The actors have magnificently shown their raw emotion and the true confusion of teenagers affected by this lifestyle, but ultimately the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate aspirations of parents selling their children to support their own hunger Children's situations are not.
