After enjoying this show for years, I dreamed of seeing them all again and sharing with my grandchildren. I am so happy to pay a small amount for the memories I recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving, hard-working husband, a spoiled beautiful daughter, and two sons as different as day and night. Michael, the little son, is a freedom walker and JJ is a clown. I know that many African Americans did not like this show, but I know that many of them can tell and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Ester Rolle had left. Tyler Perry is the author's main author today, and I support his work, but not so much because he has made so cruel ridicule about Rolle in one of his plays. Nobody should hear ugly things about the external appearance. The show became less interesting when Daddy James died. When Florida remarried, it got a bit bigger, but when she took a break from the show, she collapsed. All in all, the show was great and I am happy to have my own copies of part of my past. I'm trying to keep up with the work of the former Good Times stars, and I have to say they are a group that has not been riddled with rumors. I think today's kids will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting and watching with kids. Congratulations to the author, the crew and the stars for years renewed memories of a time that I can enjoy again, without skipping scenes. OK, so I watch the shows again and again. Lately, I've noticed something that made me re-think the series but dislike it. I think Florida was a bit tough when it came to the money the kids did. Not that the children did not have to be supervised, but it was done in a way that makes Florida's mother different. The scenes where Florida had to talk about other people not looking so good bother me now. When James was alive, the show made a big deal out of James, who wanted his own fix-it shop, but never saw his family out of the projects, but Florida marries someone who owns a fix-it shop. A slap in the face of an actor who should have ended his time at the Good Times and showed that he has achieved everything he aspires to. Finally, I see how I watch the shows and see how the series goes into extension and is renamed "JJ". To be honest, after James left everything, he focused mainly on JJ. Not a bad thing, just a flashy thing. I would not exchange my DVDs for money, but time, maturity and experience started to turn your eyes after a while.
