When you think of Downtown Chicago, you think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears," Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox, who broke the curse in 2005, or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and Finals MVPs). with the Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation do people think of the fighting side of Chicago, the ghettos, the drugged streets and living in urban housing projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most impressive TV shows ever and a groundbreaking one The sitcom was "Good Times", which I vaguely remember as a kid on CBS, and I now enjoy it regularly on TV Land. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another Norman Lear classic, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best African American sitcom of all time and "All in the Family", the biggest show of all times. "Good Times" expressed the rigors of the ghetto and urban housing projects, and did so with charm, well-written and thoughtful conspiracies, and some wonderful plays, especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family, played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children in the minor cast were also pretty good, especially the beloved Janet Jackson in her early years and Ralph Carter as Florida and James Evans youngest son, whose character at a young age determines that life is unjust and he needs to learn to stand his own two feet. <br /> <br /> The oldest of the children JJ Played by Jimmy Walker is a bit out of place in this show and is mainly used for comic relief. His emotional age is 11 or 12, though he looks like a man in his early twenties. J.J. gets annoying, and it is the credit of the often evil James Evans (Amos) that he never J.J. to get his own life, get a job and leave the house. J.J. is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother, it's never serious to graduate or, more importantly, to the family who gets a job to support a household that is just above social status. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes of Good Times was the one in which the character of Janet Jackson has a fever of 104, and Florida Evans is desperately looking for good medical help, as she can not afford it, but a clinician who is very professional, but does not want to know family from the projects more attention than they legally. The other episode is the one in which James Evans can not afford the rent. The Evans are about to face the biggest setbacks in the family because they are thrown out of the projects without doing anything. Florida Evans goes downtown to the Social Welfare Office to get a loan or scholarship for her family. But the government does not consider her family poor because she has over $ 4,200 in fortune for a family of five, which is unfair, but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and the kids want to fight for the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest no matter how bad their situation is. In the end, the family finds a solution to keep their heads above water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times", a classic show from the 70s, assumes that you can stay afloat in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans work hard in their lower jobs to try to get their children moving and avoid the social stigma of well-being. I was still too young to understand the message of the sitcom as a young kid in the 70s when I first aired on CBS, but I really enjoy the reruns on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one the classic sitcoms from the back day.
