The Forbidden Planet is the kind of science fiction that is precious in the movies, especially from the 1950s. There was the day Earth stood still and the War of the Worlds, but not to forget this jewel that took some of Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell a story of astronauts on a planet on which a doctor with a remarkable doctor is breakthrough. It's a kind of breakthrough that's not so unbelievable (though for some of those sets and this gigantic machine created by the doctor in 1956 is quite amazing), but with the emphasis on the characters and their themes of technology, the more primitive side human nature is taken too far, even if we do not know that we are channeling it. <br /> <br /> On the surface - in the first ten minutes - it looks normal, if a little more professional and with better skill than the B-Movies of the time. An astronaut ship is on a mission on the planet Altair-4 to bring back a decades-long expedition. But the only one left is dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter who were somehow immune to an attack in which everyone else was dead. Morbius seems to be a warm-hearted and highly intelligent man, and his technology seems so impressive that the astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can only remember to report them to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch: Something kills members of the crew of the ship every night, every night, even if the others keep an eye on it and then set up an invisible electric fence that allows the invisible to pass easily. There may be a romance between the skipper and Alraira, and the doctor has a more intrusive atmosphere: they should not have come to the planet, and now you have to go. What emerges is even more intriguing on a purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that the audience should also be entertained by this story while receiving useful ideas. Everyone may remember Robbie the Robot, and for good reason perhaps the most memorable image for me is the monster shot on screen, whose crew fires without success, is animated with red electricity, and looks so vile that it looks out of Fantasia. <br /> <br /> Pidgeon's acting is subtle: one would not expect him to be a villain, though there is something in the character and performance that speaks to it, and in the end it makes the character far more complex as you would expect. And the other performances are craftsmanship, but also excellent. From Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman, who offers great comic relief, like Cook (who, I should add, is one of the funniest scenes in the movie with the gallons of bourbon Robbie provides). And the effects for that time are extraordinary (nostalgically demanding even today), and the music made by electronics is beautiful in their "sounds". But in the end, it's Hilcox's scriptwriting and careful guidance that sets this a little above the rest of the B-movie lot. If it's supposed to be funny, it's intentional and it works. When it's dramatic, it blends well with the actors even in the stiff moments. And when we have to think about a terrible situation, it happens gradually, with nuances that are not pressed into our faces or filled with mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other science fiction films. and a fine marker for thoughtful science-fiction stories and old-time books - a classic and entertaining classic.
