I should say at the beginning that there are many, many things I love about 'Forbidden Planet', and yes, I think it's a "classic" sci-fi movie for many reasons. But the admiration she has received over the years is a little over the top in my opinion. No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of its genre." Ambitious? Without doubt. Intelligent? Depends on which part of the movie you are talking about. It was certainly the most prestigious and highly budgeted sci-fi movie on this point. For almost two million dollars (this was in 1956, we recall), MGM has pulled out all the stops to produce a dazzling space adventure unlike anyone else seen on the big screen, and even Artist from the Disney Studio employs the more elaborate special effects. "Charm" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in science fiction movies. However, this is what seems most appropriate here. Even the dreaded "Monster from the Id" is just a well-made cartoon character of the Disney people that probably will not scare anyone over 8 years old. When I see the different sets and the art design, the models, the costumes, I remember nothing but "The Wizard of Oz", with its wonderfully saturated colors and sophisticated, if not always convincing, effects. There is so much work going on in these films that, despite the admiration, the effort tends to make you smile. "Forbidden Planet" is wonderful to watch. The scenes take place on obvious backdrops that are fabulously decorated, dull planetary and spatial images in the background, and intricately crafted miniature sand dunes, etc., to convey the illusion of depth. It's a bit of the most elaborate stage piece you'll ever see. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably the scenes inside the massive Krell complex, where footage showing the great depth and breadth of this interior is well made and believable. But then we come to the actors, damn it. The performances are almost uniquely horrible, although in fairness it must be said that the dialogue barely surpasses the state of the youth locker room, except for a few passages of barely sufficient scientific technobabble. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to such a hammock performance that is sometimes deceptive. A very young Leslie Nielsen plays the role of spaceship commander J.J. Adams, and gives no trace of credibility or conviction throughout the film. He seems to know instinctively, thirty years earlier, that his true strength lay in comedy, as he is sometimes seemingly barely able to keep a straight face reciting his lines. Any forced reaction, whether anger or passion or solemn meditation, looks like a high school game. Anne Francis, also very young, is doing a little better than the supposedly innocent Alta, whom we believe has never seen anyone other than her dad until the spacecraft crew arrives. (Alta Morbius, now there is a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis seems as virgin and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8'. There's a good story buried somewhere under Alta's laughing commentary from fellow crewmembers, and another youthful subplot about Earl Holliman's "cookie," the ship's cook. (Holliman also plays a terrible performance, I suspect all these actors went straight from this movie to drama school.) Based on Shakespeare's "The Tempest," the story of a dead race, the Krell, and the fantastic world of machines they are left behind - that That's what most people remember about Forbidden Planet, and with good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the movie and be impressed by the conception of the Disney artists of the underground complex Krell. Is it enough to make up for the remaining shortcomings of the film? You have to decide that for yourself. Oh, and of course there's Robby the Robot, the idea of ​​every 1950-year-old, how a robot should look and talk. He is funny. In places "Forbidden Planet" is for me so a very, very mixed bag. It deserves recognition as inspiration for a whole wave of science-fiction movies and television programs that followed, not least "Star Trek." But I would suggest that anyone who thinks there are more than well-staged comic sci-fi sci-fi movies looks back.
