Like others in this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I rushed to him. This story is an interesting phenomenon that I suggest, because young, old, male, female, science-fiction experts, and people who find such a way out can all very well follow the story and the storylines of this film. This is the first movie in the 20th century on a planet other than Earth, except for series like "Flash Gordon". Leslie Nielsen was a bit weak for his role at the time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and most of all Warren Stevens did very well: there are so many visual highlights that it's difficult to be a favorite to choose from the movie scenes: the approach to Altair-4, the spaceship itself, the landing on the planet's extraterrestrial surface The descent over an extended staircase, the first view of the landscape, the approach of the rocket carriage, the house of Dr. Ing. Morbius from the outside and from the outside, the underground complex and its wonders, the construction of the weapons, the fight with the monster, the invisible destroyer's last approach, the escape from the lost planet - all these scenes are engraved in the head of the beholder because we discover them together with the participants. Veteran filmmaker Cyril Hume's skilful script was intelligently filmed by longtime director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. It is a shock to realize that there is no music at all. The movie is carried by the words, the actors and the mystery disclosure story. It can always be seen - I've been doing it for almost fifty years. Until this famous and popular film, no film was ever attempted to imagine a world beyond Earth; and decades later ships crashed onto the planet again and again - as if writers' ideas were failing and causing crashes. Still the best, many say. This says something negative about the imagination of the so-called intellectual leaders of this nation - and I propose something very positive in relation to those who made this jewel.
