When you think of science-fiction movies of the fifties, you think of the kind of fluffy black and white B movies that were parodied in the old television series Mystery Science Theater 3000. While there were far more films like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster than good movies, in the 1950s there were some very good, if not great science fiction movies like The Day Earth Stopped, The Incredible Shrink , Invasion Of The Body Snatchers, The World War And Things From Another World. However, the best of the group, due to its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly MGM's first big push in Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film directed by Fred M. Wilcox. Then, state-of-the-art special effects were introduced, and with a very good script by Cyril Hume, a screen treatment called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler, the Aspects equipped by William Shakespeare's The Tempest. <br /> <br /> The movie was thrilled when it was released. For his Oscar-nominated special effects and his entire electronic music score by Louis and Bebe Barron (though credited as electronic tonalities to avoid music guild fees), lively matte paintings. Inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), borrowed from animator Joshua Meador at Walt Disney Studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot in his first role in film or television. He later appeared in the movie The Invisible Boy (DVD), included on this DVD as a bonus, as well as several appearances on the 1960s sci-fi TV series The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, and Lost In Space, with his robot he often confused together and made a cameo appearance in the 1984 film Gremlin. <br /> <br /> The story is simple but elegantly constructed and full of humorous assumptions that influence the film's forced "love stories" aspect. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D was a flying saucer designed by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, he was a leading man before his time as police commissioner) is on his way to the planet Altair IV to investigate what happened to the occupation of the Bellerophon that was sent to the planet twenty years ago , After a yearlong journey, they meet the only survivor of the party, dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), the Prospero philologist, his beautiful blond daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the Miranda figure in a mini skirt from the 1960s and Robby, the robot, the domestic worker, who is the Caliban counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, but he was immune to it. All in all, it's a technically good film - especially with some back-projection and matte images, and the absurdity of adult responses to Timmy's and Robby's exploits is bordering on a surreal absurdity in Dalian. However, it is obvious that the filmmakers had no sense of the sublime absurdity that the movie conjures up as it is being played, which makes it even funnier. As for the main feature? The forbidden planet deserves all kudos. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, and far better than Star Wars, which, although made twenty years later, seems a lot dated and youthful. Only such films as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Aliens and Aliens, and the first two Terminator films have truly outdone or exceeded this classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It's well known that despite Forbidden Planet's 'Happy End', there's a chance the MOTI is still slumbering in Alta. After all, she is her father's daughter and had an even more alive nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time. In addition, the movie "shows" the MOTI only once and never the cramp, because the imagination can cause more and more horrors than the best special effects. The film also uses narrative ellipses well to condense the story, which is often not the case with far more realistic art films. The Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define but cross their boundaries, unlike other sci-fi films that were more of an obvious allegory of the Cold War. Watch it and you will agree, and sleep a little less easily. But even if you do not, there is still the scene of Anne Francis. That alone is timeless.
