The Forbidden Planet is considered a milestone in the science fiction scene, cautiously sticking to "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it) while still using images and ideas of contemporary 1950s values plays. The isolated house of Morbius is a model of modern design with open spaces that go into a landscaped garden, a pool and the ultimate home appliance: Robby the Robot. "The dream of a housewife!" the captain exclaims after lunch and a demonstration of the robot's ability to produce food and disintegrate waste. <br /> <br /> The 1950s are also becoming clear: The early psychology raises its head in the Id explanation, although Morbius dismisses them as obsolete concept. In the battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the saucer, there is a hint of Pacific War drama. Most likely, the post-nuclear fear that science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unknowingly undermine the destruction in their blind quest for knowledge. <br /> <br /> But the suburban drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems to be unique to the science fiction genre. They are not swindlers or heroes, but ordinary sailors who traverse the galaxy with the cruelty and honesty of a soldier. The good ones are driving the flying saucer, and the aliens are gone so long that we do not even know what they look like - though their musical "atmospheric tonalities" by Bebe and Louis Barron are remarkably futuristic today. The view from Morbius' house is truly alien with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The inside of the saucer is exactly this side of Buck Rogers. There is a lot to like visually. Although we get fantastic monsters and robots for the little ones, Forbidden Planet is a cerebral movie, slow and talkative. It works on several levels at the same time: hard sci-fi against space adventure, philosophical against domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburbs. Despite all the space talks, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. Morbius' deadly discovery is a modest educational institution, a schoolhouse. The most interesting figure is Morbius' daughter Altaira. Since she has never seen a man, she is carelessly approaching the crew. She's a Madonna teen who designs her own space gear and uses every opportunity to change her clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a household replicator. Men who watch the movie may see her as a naïve girl in a minidress, but every woman knows that there is no naive girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for humiliating the people with kisses. Unfortunately, we never know if she "handled" him, as he suspects, as the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention. She is the character who makes the important change in the film. Shocked that her father compares the dead doc to the other "embeciles" in his country party, she turns away from her father, her home, to travel to Earth with the sailors. It is this act of defiance, the maturity that sends Morbius' Id creature over the edge and allegorically destroys his Creator, just as he did thousands of centuries ago, to the Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe the Krell also had teenage girls ...?
