The only thing I knew about this movie was Robby The Robot. My prejudice was that it was another set of cheesy sci-fi movies that the fifties were known for. How was I wrong? Big studio, big budget and big production values ​​make this a strong contender for the best science fiction movie of the time. I visually qualify as "War Of The Worlds" is much darker and more frightening than "Forbidden Planet" and probably better suited to thrust into a foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me Immediately afterwards, the color reproduction of the cinematography followed, followed by the complexity and scope of the details involved in Morbius' home (Walter Pidgeon) and in the lab. However, this was only the prelude to the icing on the cake, the labyrinthine underground that served as the fortress of Krell. It turned out that Krell's technology was even more advanced than Star Wars. What I was considering was the audience of this movie when it was released, probably in the same kind of awe that theatergoers experienced in 1977 with SW or 1986 with "aliens". Watching it on a large TV screen in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm pretty resistant to exaggeration. <br /> <br /> It is not too much to imagine "Forbidden Planet" as a direct film forerunner of the TV series "Star Trek"; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had a strong impact on his vision for the show. Followers of this short-lived series will easily recognize plotted features that have surfaced here in Star Trek. I had to take a double take when the men of the United Planets Cruiser C57-V walked into a transporter room, while the puzzle that confronted Robby and caused the impossibility of reaction was an element that was at least two-fold in the ST series. or used three times. <br /> <br /> Where the movie definitely took a cerebral turn had to do with the whole idea of ​​"monsters from the id". That Morbius himself used his subconscious to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when every other sci-fi film of the time was concerned with Martians or other grotesque space creatures. The film has transferred its delicate magic to this viewer, making it clear to me that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV. War, before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. You know, if you look at the calendar year 2200 is not that far away. This film could be the right one to explore and live on other planets. However, I think they need to find a slimmer version of Robby.
