A flying saucer, literally staffed by a crew of about 20 male space explorers, travels hundreds of millions of light-years from Earth to check in a colony founded 25 years ago on a "forbidden planet". What they find is a robot that is more advanced than anything imaginable on Earth, a beautiful and totally socially incompetent young woman and her father, a recluse philologist pursued by more than the demons of ancient civilization which he immersed himself. <br /> <br /> On the surface, this story is a murder mystery. Some compare it to Shakespeare's Tempest, but this is a stretch and in some ways an insult to the scifi genre. Aside from what makes it a scifi movie, it's certainly The Tempest, but over how many hundred movies can you say something similar? <br /> <br /> Below is a cautionary tale about the progress and technology and social development needed for proper and safe use. Nevertheless, with all the hope that we expect from shows like Star Trek, the movie is ahead of our future. Anne Francis is not the only reason why this film can best be described as beautiful. The special effects and even the aesthetics of the scenes are strong enough to almost unnoticed uninspired governance and uneven action. If it were not for the stupid retro-art-deco-ness of science-fiction props of the 1950s, you'd think you've looked at a piece from the '60s. <br /> <br /> This is a classic of this very special genre of sci-fi I like to call sci-fi of the 50s, and although in my opinion not the best, it is certainly a must for anyone who is interested in sci-fi movie and special effects. The clever storyline that has been trivialized through reuse in six or seven episodes of Star Trek, Lost in Space, and even Farscape is worth catching and will keep the interest of most Scifi fans. Trekkers are particularly interested in the various aspects of the film that seem to have inspired the motifs of Star Trek's original series, which aired about 12 years later. However, you will be disappointed with the (relatively mild) sexism of the 1950s and the lack of any kind of racial integration. Although I do not mean Nitpick, the lack of social progress that manifests itself in this movie is the main problem I had with it. <br /> <br /> Some will probably only see this movie to catch a glimpse of young handsome Leslie Nielsen in one of his first leading roles. Unfortunately, Nielsen's performance is only average and sometimes bad (especially at the peak of the movie). Walter Pigeon, although quite good in other films, also plays his part. Ms. Francis, Earl Holliman and the amazing Robby the Robot are the outstanding actors in this crowd, though the character actors who fill the ensemble do a good job overall. I think the problems with the performances presented are as much the fault of the director and the publisher. Although they certainly understood most of the movie correctly.
