This is a movie that has it all, the dashing hero, the beautiful girl in distress, the noble character with the tragic mistake and a truly wonderful robot. Forbidden Planet has maintained this special magic over the years and does not lose its flair on repeated visits (though the youthful Anne Francis sex appeal greatly aids in this regard). <br /> <br /> Film fans will recognize this, the young Leslie Nielsen, who portrays the handsome and heroic Commander Adams, though those who have become accustomed to him in comedic roles will astound his appearance in a serious role. The respected and noble-looking Walter Pidgeon also plays a prominent role as a scientist with a secret (id). Other supportive actors deserve a nod, especially Warren Stevens as a clever and resourceful "Doc" and of course the charms of Miss Francis, as mentioned above. <br /> <br /> This movie was an early pioneer in the use of electronic music in the fifties no less. The credits call them "tonalities," but those of us who tried to put together earlier versions of the "theremin" device will recognize the eerie and scary whining and screeching sometimes used in the soundtrack. Nevertheless, it gives the image of the exotic and foreign landscape of the mysterious and deterrent world of the Krell. <br /> <br /> The special effects are also pretty exciting. I remember my fear as a young man waiting for the next manifestation of the invisible "Id" monster, and when it was finally visualized in the one combat scene, it literally shook me in wonder and awe. The magic of matte art is fully exploited in the dizzying scenes of the Krell science complex as the characters move through the various labyrinths and passages, led by the enigmatic Dr. Morbius. I remember feeling some jealous that Dr. Morbius would have such a cool toy in the form of Robby the Robot. The personality of Robby is very charming and in some ways more human than other characters. Viewers of follow-on shows such as Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize the recycled Robby prop in some of these episodes, though I remember he never had the "personality" of the original Robby. I must admit I have not fully understood the complexity of the conspiracy until I was old enough to understand the various references to Freudian psychology and the danger, the hidden and usually contained fears and rage that we carry within us to unleash, but we have trained by will power submerging and control by adhering to social codes. Although the key to the story is obvious once it has been revealed, it remains with Dr. Morbius unknown (or deliberately ignored) until the clear-thinking Commander Adams points out that Dr. Morbius forces the evil to confront itself. It still gives me goose bumps when Commander Adams dr. Morbius bumps down in front of the Krell machine, which has provided him with a superior intellect that opened the flood gates of his subconscious mind to the power of the Krell machine: "Here, your mind was artificially magnified." Consciousness was still lacking in power Big machine to use, but your subconscious mind had become strong enough. "Zowee! <br /> <br /> Forbidden Planet is likely to remain my favorite sci-fi movie of all time, staying timeless and classic for its elaborate story and wonderful on-screen visualization and imagery.
