I'm always so frustrated that the majority of science-fiction movies are really intergalactic westerns or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its central images, a futuristic "gang that could not shoot directly". Imagine, you would encounter 600 people with conventional weapons, most of which have an open shot, and miss them. I've read a lot of science fiction and wish there were more films for the thinking person. The forbidden planet, one of the first in the genre, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization that developed Krell, the machines that could boost the intelligence of every being through quantum leaps. Unfortunately, they did not expect the brain to be a center for thoughts other than intellectuals. The primitive aspect of the brain, the Id, as Freud called it, may remain uncontrolled. It is released during sleep, a bad dream comes to the physical existence. Walter Pigeon, dr. Morbius, is the one who has brought his brain to this level, and has built machines and defenses that are barely a step ahead of the horrors of his own mind. His thoughts create horrors that he can not soon defend. The Krell, a much superior species, could not stop it; it destroyed her. The landing party was never of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are pretty interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive and would have evoked a response in the fifties of a male. Her father's anger is exacerbated by her innocence and the astronauts of the wild 50s (because they are more construction workers than real astronauts). They always try to find "ladies". The cook is a great character, with his obsession for hooch. Robbie, the robot, has much more personality than most crewmembers, and one wonders if Mr. Spock could be a soul mate for the literal thinking of this man-made creature. The whole movie is very satisfying, because the situation is the star. Morbius can not repent and is therefore destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction films that are worth seeing more than once; This is one that can run into the 21st century.
