After Dark, My Sweet is a great, modern noir, filled with dodgy characters, dirt roads and of course sweaty characters. It seems that most of the really big noirs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the south, where the men shine and the ladies, um, shine too. Why? Because it is hooooottttttttttt. And because everyone looks better wet (at least the men do - sweaty women make me clammy). Anyway - there might be a few spoilers here. <br /> <br /> This movie is a wonderful example of everything a noir should be - quiet pace (although some are labeled with attention deficit disorder "slow"), clear and broad (though not simple) characters and Tons of atmosphere. If anything, noir is about moods and attitudes. That's why the greats are not characterized by their traditional definitions of 'great' acting (see Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were anything but real) but had style and dizziness and were in a crime movie exactly what you want). or rapid adventures (again, all the big noirs seem to burn like a cigarette). Big noirs create an environment and you only inhabit it for a few hours with the characters. <br /> <br /> After Dark My Sweet lets you do that - and you enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters. Uncle Bud and Collie are intriguing - they never let the audience know what really makes them tick - and Patric and Dern (I love Bruce Dern, by the way) are perfect, especially Dern (see previous commentary). They take on the fundamentals of a character, give them depth and arouse our sympathies. <br /> <br /> The story itself is interesting too. There are better actions in the world of Noir (there are hardly any puzzles here - mostly it's exciting), but this one is solid. If anything, the simple "ok" plot has more to do with Jim Thompson's writing than anything else. With Thompson, actions are almost secondary; He renounced the labyrinthine stories of Hammett and Chandler for simpler stories with stronger, more confusing characters. Look at a novel like The Killer Inside Me and you'll see right away (from the title) what it's about. When it comes to Thompson, it's not about what it's about, it's about how it's done (to quote Roger Ebert). So the relatively simple act of abduction is not the point and, if you do not like it, the jokes about you are good. <br /> <br /> The reason why this is an 8-star movie and not a 10-star movie is the female lead role. It's not bad in itself, but it's not Angelica Huston or Anette Bening (see the adaptation of Jim Thompson's The Grifters, if you do not know what I'm talking about - besides, it's a better movie and you should start there for modern Noir - It's the best of the 1990s and challenges Blood Simple to the title of Best since Chinatown, she just does not have the chops (or appearance for that matter) and though she and Patric have some chemistry, I do not have it . Well there
