I think "Anyway ..." is a kick-ass movie. Really. Tom Barman has worked with it for how many years, and it shows that every scene is polished, has a meaning, ... I think most people agree. One thing that many people criticize is the "lack" of history. I am afraid that is a consequence of the fact that we are constantly overwhelmed with "traditional" storytelling. I mean, what you can achieve with a book can not be achieved with a movie that you can achieve with a movie, you can not achieve it by sharing it with a friend. The problem is that we got used to movies, TV shows, etc., just to be a filmed version of a story. A visual record of events - just as in news - that we expect every movie to have these epic features: a powerful storyline with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": Most people see on television in the news, in films, series ... very unusual things, unique situations. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not in the same way as "hollywood big explosion": guy gets fired, couple back together, car is stolen ... and of course whole ordinary things. And that's strong: just being able to appreciate all that, this universe, that's art. And I agree that especially what can only be achieved in movies focuses on the atmosphere created by the score and photography. But not like in traditional visual movies (visual blockbuster like the Matrix); it serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in every shot you can feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And he has no sense with this film, he wants to "learn" something from us; and he has no big story to tell with incredible scenario twists. It shows only the everyday life of the people, it shows a city with all good and bad sides and says: That's us, this is our city, that's life, let's enjoy it. In fact, "Anyway ..." is not just a super groovy movie, it also has a much stronger "message" (it's not explicit, maybe even unintentional) than most films that really intend to relay a message. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next barman photo, and everyone will expect so much ...
