WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is like all 50s Sirk films - a pure melodrama. It is, however, a compelling, richly-developed melodrama, and Sirk's distinctive lurid color expressionism, pulsating, barely suppressed emotions, symbolism, and juxtaposition of classes make this movie a coveting film of four central characters, and the plot, which is introduced as credits, is still running. Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to bring us into his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are great as the two Hadley kids "Kyle" and "Marylee". He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions thanks to Hadley's oil business. The weak but poor Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lifelong friend and Marylee's dream lover. Enter this dirty mess. Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slender, attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's charm after taking a phone and flying over the countryside one night. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins her. They marry quickly and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be about the wind, and it does not take long for a seductive Marylee (who will have Mitch or a marriage), a stealthy Mitch, the confused Lucy and the sad, drunken Kyle to strike. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is wonderful as Marylee Hadley and earns her Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. She steals every scene she's in. Stack is almost as good at amplifying melodrama while maintaining subtle and calm despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more restrained than these two, but it suits the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So, what's the whole melodrama really about? Well, many things. Stack's strong portrait of male inadequacy and anxiety, for one. Sirk surrounds Stack with phallic symbols throughout the movie. Notice its tiny little rifle, the oil derricks and the ultimate phallic symbol. Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. Stack seems to be suffering from a massive male superiority complex compounded by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's longing for Hudson, and the suspicion that his wife is going on with Hudson. With all the wealth, Kyle Hadley still lands at the wrong end of town and buys cheap corn brandy like a "bum." <br /> <br /> It's about impossible dreams and letting go of them. The river on which Kyle, Marylee and Mitch played when they were children is constantly referred to throughout the film as a reference symbolizing Kyle and (especially) Marylee's desire for innocence and simplicity of youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene that Malone demolishes perfectly, Marylee stands by the river and introduces herself as a child, with the voice of Mitch telling Marylee that she will always be his girl. Here Sirk meets the viewer with a huge emotional chord. Who has not dreamed of returning to this special place in childhood? Who has not lived on a cherished memory at some point? Who did not want something that they could not have? And Hudson's last line of the movie (yes, he does not get any dialogues in the last 10 minutes, just close-ups) remembers how far we came from the river, Marylee. Amazing.
