Director Douglas Sirk once said: "There is a very short gap between high art and garbage, and garbage containing madness is closer to art through this quality". This statement defines his cinema perfectly, a very unique piece that includes classic stage adaptations, adventure and war movies, westerns and, of course, his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were, as the word implies, dramas with music. The music sets the tone for his masterful style, and every brushstroke (Sirk was a painter) leaves a powerful image on the canvas. But that is not life, but its presentation, an imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation took advantage of the technical equipment made available by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) better to distinguish the artificial from the real. Let us remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood movies turned their attention to social drama (Blackboard jungle, rebel without cause). Sirk always knew that the cinema should be something else. <br /> <br /> Another statement from Sirk summarizes this: `You can not reach or touch the real. They only see reflections. If you try to capture the luck yourself, your fingers will only hit glass'. I oppose anyone who has seen writing in the wind to count the number of mirrors and pictures that appear on the screen. You give up, give up. <br /> <br /> That's why we're in a hall full of mirrors, where there is no difference between real and false copies. No one can say that the Hadley are real people. This city is not really, with these vile oil pumps everywhere. In this area, so the acting is affected, the decors is wrong, the trick is visible. Everything is pushed out of the limit a bit (eg the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the Oil Tower). Sirk criticized and theorized simultaneously. <br /> <br /> `The angles are the thoughts of the director; the lighting is his philosophy '. In Windwritten we trace the case of a traditional way of life both geometrically and in terms of light and shadow. The Hadleys House, with its various levels connected by a spiral staircase, works in a purely metaphorical way. A house reminiscent of a mausoleum that no party can cheer. As the tragedy develops from bright daylight to shady night, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, as well as the colors of the clothes they wear. Drama is thus integrated into every element of the director. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a "story bender" because he had bent the standard material he was assigned to his style and purpose. Written on the wind is a good example. It would not work in other hands. <br /> <br /> The other director who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was the same as Sirk for the melodrama for the comedy of the 1950s. Her films are full of the machinery of American life - advertising, televisions, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars and vacuum cleaners - to portray her emptiness and decay. I tend to think that her films have been viewed differently by her contemporary audience. The game was played by both sides, so it was a camp. Now we see them as "cult" or "bizarre" because we are no longer those onlookers. That's why Todd Haynes' hommage "Far from heaven" turns into a pastiche because today she reproduces Sirk's works as if nothing happened in between. Then Sirk turns exactly into this painting, which hangs in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk understood the elements of the melodrama perfectly. There were always invincible characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against whom he could put together a bunch of shards. Its balance through antithesis is remarkable, and we are not surprised by the split characters, as they are also interesting for Sirk. When Robert Stack flies the plane and "seduces" Lauren Bacall with all the imaginable amenities of the world (obvious Faustian echoes), we are also strangely fascinated by him, just as we are when the diabolical nymphomaniac little sister painfully remembers her past Mitch alone at the river. <br /> <br /> In the universe of Sirk, the often imposed "happy ends" of the studio have no negative impact. In fact, they just worked great. Sirk loved the Greek tragedy and thought the Deux ex machinea of ​​his time was a happy ending. So the final court scene fits well and you have to remember that the entire movie is being told in a flashback, so we know from the beginning that the tragedy will still fall over the Hadley feud. It was pointed out the many similarities between the wind action and the godfather saga. I totally agree and am sure that the parallel is not accidental. Both share the theme of the old, powerful father who tries to keep his kingdom running while protecting his family. The spirited son of Robert Stack has an amazing physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The fight against her sister's male friend is symmetrical. The non-son the old man trusts in is also common in both films as both families wear the names of their city. Even details such as the gate that provides access to the property and the surroundings of the leaf-covered house suggest that Coppola had thought of his masterpiece "Wright on the Wind". Because both films deal with the topic of power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation, and its inheritance (even Kyle Hadley's infertility, the event that speeds up the turmoil) is a theme that is easily tied to the central theme of power, in this case a weakness in sexual power). The other great film that deals with power and uses American life as a representation is Citizen Kane. One might not initially think of similarities between Welles and Sirk's films, but there are many, ranging from the gasoline business as the source of family happiness to the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) as Charles Foster Kane was adopted by a teacher who had his own father alive. Amazingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) lists both Wayne and Kane's fathers. This detail is no coincidence. <br /> <br /> Written on the wind is in every sense a masterpiece, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this wonderful director. Some say that this is his best movie. In my opinion "glorious obsession", "all that is allowed by heaven", "there is always tomorrow" and "imitating life" are just as good. And for those who bring Sirk to the level of Dallas or Dinasty, I wish them no happy ending.
