I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To respond to the comments of the previous reviewer, the claustrophobic feeling and the unfamiliar colors of the film are well intended for me and give the feeling of a limited space, a dreary architecture and a general drowsiness affecting the urban environment of most people in East and West Central Europe. A bit of a shabby housing project, that's how I would describe it, and so many people live in the outskirts of larger cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest in Romania, where the action took place, but I spent six months in Eastern Europe and lived there. <br /> <br /> When I was visiting Russia for a semester as a student, my entire group had to pull up their luggage for seven floors up the stairs of a shabby student dorm, just like the heroine when she moves in with a woman because the elevators are not working , But I agree with the reviewer that the claustrophobia and subdued colors are exaggerated, because of course there are beautiful historical buildings, parks, places that you can find in Bucharest or in any historic city center of Eastern Europe. Bucharest does not have much material in this film to get. Looking at this movie, this conveys well the claustrophobia that I would feel there during my six-month stay because I feel trapped and restricted. (It shows you why someone wants to emigrate and wants to find a better life, as well as people who want to escape from a urban ghetto in the United States.) Also, given the climate of homophobia, say: In the US in the eighties The two young women who fall in love are forced to keep their love very private. Hence the focus on the interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> It is remarkable, and praiseworthy in my view, that this queer themed film was even filmed in Romania, and I find the previous reviewer's complaint about the poor movie quality rather uninformed and patronized. It is unlikely that the director and the producer raised much of the state's support and funding for their film, and made the best they could with their likely limited resources. The actors were pretty good and credible; The dialogue was good and I was able to identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an extra twist to the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic, fun-loving free spirit who falls in love with a dark, disturbing secret (her admiration and love for an abusive, incestuous brother Sandu) in Alexandra, a bright, literal, idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to begin her college studies. Opposites attract and their personalities seem to complement each other, even though the ambitious, hard-working, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seem to be attending college to please their parents, have tensions. Keeping your love hidden from your parents seems to be manageable, though we neither feel the tension nor see or meet the other students - hard to believe - and contain the tension that would keep their love a secret. The main threat to her love is Kiki's brother and her difficulty in trying to weaken her relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the strength she needs to break that connection, right? This is where the tension of the film focuses as the narrative develops, and I will not say how it concludes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love affair is not love for another woman, but her ban on incestuous love for her brother. Therefore, the love of a woman offers the potential cure for the disease of loving a sibling. <br /> <br /> Although this sense of the film is stifling and claustrophobic, too much limited to the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still tiring and moving to see, so I give it a 7.
