At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her wild, exaggerated portrayal of a spoiled heir to a Texas oil magnate in WRITTEN ON THE WIND. Derived from Robert Wilder's novel 1956 Potboiler was a true three-ring circus with alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a lonely, rich girl who attracts men To alleviate the pain of rejecting a childhood childhood, was representative of the film as a whole. Fascinating to watch, even if he uses the melodrama with the "lowest common denominator", WRITTEN ON THE WIND is ultimately the work of a man, the incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk, an emigrant from Weimar, who was in Weimar before the Second World War lived the successes of European theater to pursue a career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Sirka Sirk became an extremely docile man in the 1950s as a dependable director of the elaborate soap operas of Universal Studios, particularly with the productions of Ross Hunter's outstanding OBSESSION, ALL THAT SUCCESSFULLY ALLOWED AND IMITATION OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith has given Sirk the opportunity to work outside of Wilson's entertaining conversational limitations and to create a riper, "sensational" product, hence the sultry WIND and its successor, the 1954 TARNISHED ANGELS, both of which Names Universal International published. It's anyone's guess why Sirk did not aim for higher topics, but the direction of these exaggerated dramas was obviously more about his artistic feel. WRITTEN ON THE WIND could be considered Sirk's epic soap opera; In fact, it is so rich in human vulnerability and neurosis, as it is portrayed among the rich, that it is just as compelling to watch as any real domestic quarrel among the rich and famous, perhaps more so. Robert Stack (not an actor normally known for playing excessively) almost brings Malone into intensity with his weak-will victim, his brother Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he finds out that he can not impregnate his new bride (a beautiful Leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes deep and escalates an already serious drinking problem with a "secret" weapon fetish that turns him into a human time bomb. Both brother and sister, as tempting and unlikely as they are, are depicted as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous (and far more interesting than the "good" side of the family, mainly Bacall and the incredibly handsome Rock Hudson, young friend and business friend of Hadley, a replacement son of the old man and Malone's unattainable object of desire.) Despite all the domestic side-dependencies, remembering the story here is not as memorable as it is filmed: Director Sirk draws his audience with a real dizziness in terms of image composition and cut into this image with the most uplifted Technicolor cinematography imaginable: every single shot in this film is an exciting canvas full of saturated colors armored, pink Cadillac, in front of the de The entrance doors of a huge mansion, and the glaring decor of a Miami luxury hotel, radiate a spectrum of hues almost dazzled in its diversity. In dramatic scenes, Sirk shows tilted camera angles, shaded lighting, and cross-cut editing. This scene is most effective in the scene in which a rebellious, drunken Malone dances unchecked in her upstairs bedroom, while her ailing sound is heard Father steps precariously up the huge staircase; The scene is so intriguing that you swear that you are experiencing a great Oedipal drama. What you really see is a garbage of hugely entertaining kind, put together in glaring technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
