I saw this movie for the first time when it was released in 1987, and was very emotionally affected by a combination of guilt in what my white fellow human beings could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against humans. > <br /> Particularly moving was the funeral of Steve Biko, which was made even more lively and worse by the South African anthem of the time. For a long time, I believed that this film achieved what no one has ever done before - opening the eyes of the world to what is really happening in South Africa. I consider myself a normal, right-thinking person, and I can testify how this film changed my mindset not only about South Africa, but also how we perceive black people as whites. I have never seen a difference between people of any color or belief, but after watching this movie, I have physically changed my life and lived for the past 17 years in a predominantly black country that has helped many people overcome their current living standards and achieve what they did not think possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say I received - to say that in my little way, I've helped balance a bit. But if more people like me thought of doing something for black people without seeking reward, the entire black population of this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I urge every right-thinking person to observe freedom from beginning to end and not feel the emotions that are in their hearts as they witness the 700 brutally shot in Sharpville Pupils shot dead for refusing to learn Afrikaans, the pointless killing of Steve Biko, such a champion for the rights of his own people, understanding that this is not just a movie, even though it's a great movie, but that everything actually happened less than 30 years ago. Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see If you can go out and party hard afterwards. I could not. I was too angry to know the truth. This is the hallmark of a great movie. It was obviously the intention of Sir Richard Attenborough to bring this news about South Africa. Of course he did it. Unless you support apartheid. God help you.
