What a brilliant movie. I admit, it is very ambitious with the topic. With a little more than two and a half hours, it is also a very long film. However, none of these pointers is in any way a mistake. Despite the small flaws, Cry Freedom is a powerful, moving and captivating film about the story of black activist Steve Biko, who stirs up the horrors of apartheid in his battles over South Africa. It is true that the first half is stronger in terms of emotional impact than the second. People also complained that the movie suffers too much Woods, not enough Biko. I'm wrong, but even though this is the story of Biko, it's narrated from the perspective of Woods, so Woods plays an important role in communicating Biko's story to the world. Cry Freedom looks amazing. With the breathtaking cinematography and the breathtaking South African landscape, it was a feast for the eyes. Especially the opening scenes were brilliantly recorded. The music of George Fenton brought a dramatic weight to most of the scenes. It was subtle in scenes in the second half, but rousing and dramatic in the crowd scenes. The script was of exceptional quality. The scenes in the courtroom with Biko were enough to really make you think that this is real quality stuff. The first half with Biko as the main focus had a constant sense of emotion, whether it was the police attacking the South African citizens or the death of Biko. The second half, focused entirely on Donald Woods, is less emotional, but compensated by the way he is filmed, performed, and written. And there are parts that are really exciting too. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional for the entire cast, from the smallest character to the two leading actors, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accents, but it is so easily forgiven how much you have attracted the conceptions. Denzel Washington gives a truly compelling performance in one of his more modest performances than Biko, and Kevin Kline shows he can be as good at drama as in comedy, with a suitably subtle performance equal to that of Washington. And the chemistry of the two men is credible and never hits a false mark. Penelope Wilton is as pretty as Donald's wife Wendy, and she's a great actress anyway. At the supporting performances, and there might be some inclination, two came to my attention. One of them was Timothy West, who enjoys his role as Captain DeWet. The other was the ever-exceptional John Thaw in a brilliant role as Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough's direction is focused and, as always, sensitive. <br /> <br /> All in all a really wonderful movie. Ambitious and long, but it never stops being captivating, powerful and painful. A definitive winner of Lord Richard Attenborough, who deserves much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
