What a movie! I never thought that Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in it. Gandhi always left me indifferent, except for Ben Kingsley's performance, and I never thought of Attenborough as a particularly good filmmaker. But Cry Freedom kept my interest like few movies lately. It's an exciting, intriguing political film with great performances by Kevin Kline and young Denzel Washington. Kline plays Donald Woods, a South African newspaper editor who is a friend of civil rights activist Steve Biko. It starts as a difficult friendship, because Woods sees Biko as a black Suprematist preaching hatred against the whites. But Biko, with his kind words, his optimistic attitude and complete transparency, convinces Woods and introduces him to an apartheid reality of which Woods knows nothing about all the prejudices and system that is holding down his people. One night, when he came from an illegal meeting, he was arrested and beaten to death. The authorities are trying to cover up the issue because Biko has become a big figure in South Africa. But through the efforts of Woods, the truth comes out. However, what should be a triumph turns into a nightmare when Woods and his family become targets for the secret police. <br /> <br /> This movie has an interesting structure. It actually has two stories: First it tells the life and death of Biko. It's a stunning first half that is completely dominated by Washington's charisma, which is its greatest achievement yet. The second half, no less interesting, tells Wood's attempt to flee South Africa to publish a book on Biko. Woods has become a public enemy, a banned person, which means he can not meet people or leave his country. He also constantly spied on the police. Kevin Kline has a great performance in this second half as well. <br /> <br /> Although the first half is fairly straightforward, the second one is interesting to edit by giving Biko flashbacks and events that repress the black South Africans. Some may argue that this is more interesting, but for me, the second half is just as intriguing as Woods and his family come up with a bold plan to escape from South Africa. <br /> <br /> The last minutes were so heartbreaking in tears George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa's score certainly had something to do with it. Although I've never been a big fan of Fenton (can not stand his Gandhi score), I think the score for Cry Freedom is one of the finest ever written for the cinema. The film, thanks to the music associated with the powerful images, at times reached incredible highlights of emotions. Cry Freedom is definitely not a movie you can only see because of Denzel Washington. This is a movie that is valued in its entirety. Acting, writing, music, editing and cinematography are a perfect synthesis to create an ode to the power of the human mind. This movie deserves a place alongside movies like The Pianist, Life Is Beautiful and The Shawshank Redemption.
