"The true story of friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." Richard Attenborough, who was director of "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi," wanted to bring the story of Steve Biko to life, and told the story of the journey and effort that journalist Donald Woods went through. The films use Woods' two books for their information and foundation - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble." <br /> <br /> The film takes place in South Africa at the end of the 70s. South Africa is in the grip of horrific apartheid, which keeps the blacks separate from the whites and classifies the whites as a superior race. The blacks are forced to live in suburbs on the outskirts of cities and towns, and are often harassed by police and army. A dawn attack on a shantytown is shown as bulldozers and armed police force their way through the camp, hitting and even killing residents. Then we meet Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), the publisher of a popular newspaper. After Woods has published a negative story about the black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods goes with him. The two are careful at first, but they soon become good friends, and Biko shows Woods the horrors of the apartheid system from the point of view of black people. This encourages Woods to speak out against what is happening around him and makes him desperate to bring Steve Biko's story out of the clutches of the white man in South Africa and into the world. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and killed in prison. Now, Woods and his family are venturing out of South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. When I first heard about "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a movie entirely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I had never heard of Steve Biko before watching this movie because the events in this movie were really before my time. However, it is more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border to Lesotho when he tried to escape the South African official. Woods was sentenced to a five-year house arrest after Steve Biko was killed. To publish his manuscript with Steve Biko, he had to flee. Because the manuscript in South Africa was considered betrayal, and that could have led Woods to a similar fate as Biko's. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as advisors to this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is only in the first hour of the movie and I was disappointed as I expected to see him for the entire movie. But he was amazing like Steve Biko and he captured his personality very well from what I read and his accent sounded perfect. For his performance he received an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline offers an outstanding and thought-provoking performance as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is honored as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Shooting took place in Zimbabwe because it was unnecessary to mention that problems occurred when trying to film in South Africa. In South Africa, the South African Gestapo followed the film crew everywhere, so that they got the bad mood and went instead to neighboring Zimbabwe. Despite everything and the fact that apartheid ended only seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But cinemas in which the film was shown received bombing. Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with extreme strength and determination. He does not stop at the end of the film when he shows what a peaceful protest of students in an Armenian city should be, and becomes a massacre if the police shoot at them. The film ends with the names of all the anti-apartheid killers who died in prison and the explanations for their deaths. Many had "no explanation". Many were "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many more either fell off the stairs or were "suicidal from hanging". Nobody will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it is right to say that none of these men died in their own hands, but in the hands of others; or more precisely from the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must for his portrayal and story of Steve Biko. It is also a scorching and devastating portrayal of a beautiful country that is divided and gets caught up in the hellish holds of racial segregation and violence.
