CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who want to get an overview of the cruelty of apartheid in a few hours. The famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the collaboration of the real Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the most important white characters in their book and in this film, gives CRY FREEDOM more authenticity. The video being released now actually runs just over two and a half hours, with 23 minutes of extra footage added to make it into a two-part television miniseries after its initial release. While the extra length helps to reinforce the film's flaws: Uneven character development and especially stereotyping of the blanket, another possible flaw (insisting on the fate of the white characters over that of the African) can prove to be a strength. Looking at CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educative film (as I think I should do for its artistic merits), the story is one that Black Africans know only too well, though the younger generation now see it as having full effect in the film got to . It was the whites who were always the target audience of the film and the book, and hopefully make them change. Now, twelve years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is an interesting movie in many ways. Almost ten years after the rule of the black majority was at least theoretically in force, CRY FREEDOM's ideals of 1987 remain largely unrealized. Therefore, it is still a must for white South Africans, especially for the younger ones who have only heard of these actions to see them and to receive the messages of the film. Unlike American slavery and the onset of the Jewish Holocaust, the South African battles were told in just two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, count twice if you include the remake) and SARAFINA (I did misses one?). All three dramas clumsily show American and British actors in both the white and black roles. Not a single South African actor played a big role (white, colored, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biopic was published after the introduction of the Black Major Rule, MANDELA was played by a black American (Sidney Poitier, who also played in the original SA motto CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY) while the African DeKlerk was being played a (bald) very British Michael Caine, a good performer, if you can deny that the very essence of African Dome is vehemently anti-British sentiments. Until local SABC television films and African films deal with their own heritage, CRY FREEDOM is as authentic as you get it. Just as the whites (especially the Africans) are portrayed in the film, every attentive (not random) visitor to South Africa to be heard in 1999, let alone 1977, when CRY FREEDOM takes place, will turn from white to black generally reserved, even understated. Looking back at CRY FREEDOM, it is amazing that reconciliation can take place at all, and so it is. But at the time, CRY FREEDOM shows that not much has changed in the minds of many people, and that the Black Africans' goal towards FREEDOM and reconciliation is still ongoing. If you are new to the situation, then CRY FREEDOM is your best introduction.
