In a way, The Wrath of Kriemhild surpasses Siegfried's death, but it also loses some of the size of the film. The plot of this movie is more coherent than the first one, which is pretty amazing. The second half of the actual poem is much more slippery and harder to walk through until you get to the climatic battle scenes. Only the Iliads are better. Lang and Harbou beautified the Huns. The poet compiler of the Nibelungenlied did not know a Hun from his right ball and is therefore more or less the same as the customs of the Burgundians. Although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main concern because Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she comes to Hunland, she comes to Mass first. The Huns are clearly pagans here; You are almost like a caveman. The depiction of them is funny, especially verbal, the fool who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character was weighted more heavily. He is much more scary. All he does is to complain about his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are masterful at building up suspense, especially in the banquet scene, which is linked to Verbal's second performance for an amazing effect. However, just as in this half of the poem, the amazing technical achievements of the film are largely absent, except for a dazzling sequence in which Etzel's hall burns down with the Nibelungen inside. The only thing I have to complain about is the way Harbou changes the end. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand captured Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he hid the horde. He refuses and she beheads her brother. When Hagen still refuses, she beheads him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would expect to assassinate a great warrior who, in turn, beheads her and calls her a "devil woman." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than here, says something stupid like, "Ah, me!" I can understand why they want to keep a unity of time and place while Hildebrand gets them out of the castle; keeping the prisons of the two deaths would make the film very anti-climactic. I also understand why they did not kill Hildebrand to kill Kriemhild: his character is greatly reduced here; his name is mentioned only once. Kriemhild has herself killed and Brynhild's death taken from the Icelandic sources is destined only for the audience, instead of challenging it. The meaning of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond pure evil. Here we just let her die for her lost love. It is not that interesting.
