See also my comment to The Nibelungen Part 1: Siegfried. <br /> <br /> The second part of the gigantic production of the Nibelungen saga of the UFA studio continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotionally distant manner of its predecessor. While Part One was a dispassionate display of individual exploits, Part Two is a chaotic depiction of bloodshed on a grand scale. <br /> <br /> Director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm. with the pace of action and the complexity of the recording composition, the tone rises and falls as the tone demands of each scene. These pictures should only be viewed with the note-perfect Gottfried Huppertz score, fortunately located on the cinema DVD. With this focus on mass actions, Lang is now facing greater challenges in the staging. The action sequences in his earliest facial features were often poorly constructed, but now he simply makes them part of that rhythmic flow, with the level of activity on the screen swelling like an orchestra and the second part of the story being candidly and without agitation shows the warfare as a devastating tragedy. Both pictures deliberately lack an emotional connection to the characters. Because of this, Lang usually keeps the camera out of the way, so we never feel like we're there (and that's important because audience participation is usually a differentiation from Lang's work). That's why the performances are unnaturally theatrical, with the actors like mutilated sleepwalkers. Great. Nevertheless, Kriemhild's revenge is always concerned with emotions and is deeply humanistic. The one moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds his little son in his hands for the first time, and Lang emphasizes the tenderness of this scene by building it up with the wild, raging ride of the Huns. The point is that Lang never makes us take sides, and in this respect, this version has more to do with the original saga than Wagner's opera. Climatic slaughter is the opposite of a rousing battle scene. Why then have Hitler and Co. They are so sad about it, a fact that has unduly tarnished the reputation of these films. Because the stubborn racial ideology of the Nazis led them to automatically consider the Nibelungs as the good ones, even if they kill babies and betray their own loved ones. For Hitler, her downfall would always be a nationalist tragedy, not a human one. <br /> <br /> But for us non-Nazi viewers, this picture is fun with its beautiful symbol and musical rhythm. When you see Lang's fully developed silent images, you realize how much he was wasted in Hollywood. Instead of saddling him with low-budget potboilers, they should have gotten him to work on some of those sword and sandal episodes, images that do not have to be credible and that do not have to move us emotionally, where it's poetic, operatic tonality, us entraining.
