The absurdly witty and strikingly humane report on jealousy and infidelity around a beetle marriage. Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz's "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("The Revenge of the Cinematographer" or "The Revenge of a Cinematographer Cinematographer") is a joy, replete with highly effective stop-motion puppetry rather than imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have a completely uneventful marriage, and both yearn for more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's wishes can only be fulfilled by the beautiful exotic dancer in the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly", whom he visits when undertaking a business trip to the city. She is the only one who understands him. A fellow admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady, and as fate wills, he is also a movie cameraman. The devious grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintances in a hotel room, where he films their successes through the keyhole. Meanwhile, Mrs. Beetle has also won a friend who adds excitement to her life. He is an artist and brings her a painting as a gift before they both settle on the couch for some intimacy. At that moment Mr. Beetle returns home and experiences the whole spectacle. As Mr. Beetle strolls through the front door, the artist-friend climbs up the chimney, but he can not escape without Mr. Beetle first having his anger and frustration on him. There is a certain irony in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous, he forgives his wife and leads her to a movie." He is generous enough to forgive her, yet he had been just as unfaithful only a few minutes earlier. At this time, we still have not forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who had planned his revenge, and it comes as no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist for the movie that Mr. and Mrs. Beetle are attending. Suddenly, in the movie they enjoy, the recordings of Mr. Beetle's infidelity merge, and the angry woman slaps him over the head with an umbrella before the frightened and angry husband jumps through the screen in search of the grasshopper. <Br /> <br /> In the final scene, Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, who are now more appreciative, spend the time in jail for the fire that erupted when Mr. Beetle sought his last vengeance. We actually hope that "the domestic life of the beetles will be less exciting in the future". This movie seems to be a mere story about the comings and goings of a tiny insect species, but Starewicz communicates so much more than that. This is not a beetle story? It's a story about us. And it's amazingly accurate, right ?!
