This is a must for animation fans, but the general public will also enjoy THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of "Pixilation" by diligent pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his assistants carefully manipulated a group of flexible insects to narrate the story, paving the way for Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and legions of modern digital-effects creators. <br /> <br /> THE CAMERAMAN'S VICTORY is only about 10 minutes long, but contains many amusing details as the story tells the story of the adventurous adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, a hotel, a movie theater, and finally a prison cell. There are two short dance numbers in the nightclub (played by a frog and a dragonfly), a crawling between a beetle and a grasshopper and a large-scale Donnybrook in the cinema that ends with the projector's flames. Pretty sophisticated events for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay just started and Walt Disney is still in elementary school! <br /> <br /> It's also interesting to know the implications of change The title cards of a silent movie can relate to the story being told. I've seen two versions of this movie offered by two video companies and seen them in a row, and although the picture itself is almost identical, two different sets of subtitles tell two very different stories. (And the story that someone gave above tells a third story that suggests that there is another version somewhere.) The British Film Institute print, which has richer subtitles, tells the story of two siblings, the two are secretly married and hide this information from each other to inherit the property of their deceased father. The other, Russian pressure, tells a simpler story of married beetles, both of which are guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly," while in the English version, Brother Bill Beetle visits his wife in the music room. Personally, I prefer the straightforward - and keener - Russian story; The BFI version tries to put too much room for maneuver in a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a bit awkward. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a delightful movie in every way would be an ideal introduction to this other great animated work that has beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
