Mary Pickford often said that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role. Well said! She played the role twice and for this version, which she produced herself, she not only had to acquire the rights of Adolph Zukor, but even to honor the main title card of the film. It is needless to say that her portrayal of this role is best here. In my opinion, the movie itself is considered one of the greatest experiences of silent film. <br /> <br /> Director John S. Robertson does not move his camera from start to finish. In Robertson's skillful hands, however, this affair not only plays a role, but is likely to be more effective. Robertson is a first-rate creative artist and masters tempo, camera angles and montage. He has also drawn brilliant natural achievements from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who performs the Heavy, is so abominably repugnant that it's hard to believe it's the same man as the friendly Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes makes one of the best acting jobs of his entire career. It's probably not what Mrs. White intended, but it is admirable in conspiracy, otherwise we would have trouble explaining why the dope spent a fortune on defense, but did not make the slightest attempt to determine who actually fired the gun that killed his future, brother-in-law! It is needless to say that this particular feature of the sympathetic hero of Jack Ging is downplayed in the Bowdlerized version of 1960, which completely negates the author's keen attack on selfish, bourgeois Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest makes one or two surprises here at the interruption, but then does not try to assist our brave little heroine in fulfilling her duties, which he ought to ordain himself. This is indeed a very moving scene because it presents so realistically. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also offers an insight into the work of another good actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was limited exclusively to silent film cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote herself entirely to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976 and was easily accessible in Pasadena, but I bet nobody had the brain to interview her. Another chance lost! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson was just a mediocre skinner. I thought he was a little bit wrong, and a quick look at his filmography proves this: he used to play priests or judges! But David Torrence was outstanding as always. <br /> <br /> All in all an expensive production with beautiful photography and wonderful production values.
