If this was the original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY of 1914 (also with Mary Pickford), I would probably have rated them much higher, as this kind of extreme melodramas and sentimentality was typical for teens. As early as 1922, however, this film showed its age. And compared to many other films by Ms. Pickford (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS is a bit short - and not every Pickford movie deserves a 10 (even if it was "America's Sweetheart"). That's not to say that it's a bad movie - that's not it, but I just can not see how many rated this movie at 10. The movie has a very long and complicated storyline - mainly because At the foot of the hill are some dirty squatters he hates but can not drive away, so he tries to find different ways to One ends in a tragedy when his daughter's fiancé is killed in a quarrel with the peoples, the man to whom the murder is accused is the dear old father of Mary, though he is innocentIn all abundance, the only witness of the real murder will not speak AND the dead had his fiancé pregnant! At this time, we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed, and a pregnant woman who is afraid to tell her venerable father that she is "in the family". There's a lot more to the movie, such as the crank-son falling in love with Mary, but it's best to see the movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The movie is different in some ways. The plot is very complicated, but also interesting and the cinematography is first class. The last scene is also pretty cute. However, there is so much obvious sentimentality that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so brave that the viewer can sometimes find it hard. Although it worked great in 1922 (it's the biggest star in the world), today it's very outdated. This is NOT true for all their films, but this one is for sure. By the way, the Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality, although some scenes are severely compromised - something that is not very surprising considering the age of the movie. The only extras include a short filmography.
