Uneducated and defiant, beautiful TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY is the daughter of a fisherman who sits on the land of a rich man. Brave and courageous, she captures the heart of the millionaire son, but violence, terror, and sudden death will haunt her immediate future before she can claim the sweet peace of happiness. Mary Pickford is extremely charming in this beautiful, heartbreaking movie. She considered Tess her favorite role and she fills her with all the spunky joy and enthusiasm that has made her the most popular movie star in the world for years. The story has all the essentials for a modern fairy tale, with Mary, the pretty, desperate heroine surrounded by all sorts of dangerous and stressful situations. The atmospheres are first class, with the sets of the outdoor fishing village particularly well thought out. In the minor cast, Jean Hersholt emerges as the vile villain who tries to marry Pickford. Hersholt, a very gentle soul in front of the screen, brilliantly manages to depict the complete moral corruption of his character. <br /> <br /> This was actually the second time Pickford had filmed TESS. A version of 1914 had been one of her first major films, but her output values ​​were a bit outdated by the standards of the 1920s (no close-ups for example) and Mary, and Mary produced her own films she wanted, chose the only time in her career, to make a movie new. The end result certainly met their expectations. Both films were very popular at the box office. <br /> <br /> A fascinating study for future film researchers would be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford's life; it runs like a red thread through the silent films she produces. Although the romance inherent in the silent film world makes these mental feelings seem awkward nowadays, we are forced to accept them through their repetition as serious reflections of Mary's heartfelt belief. Above all, a beautiful scene is striking in TESS: Pickford teaches himself to read with a Bible. She gives Lloyd Hughes (who plays her sweetheart) a word from the back of the book that she does not understand. He murmurs it for her (the word is obviously "crucified"), and the eyes turned to the sky as the victim's full meaning invades her, Mary's face becomes positively beatified. Tess was delivered by Jeffrey Mark Silverman, which is the beauty and underlines the pathos of this wonderful movie perfectly.
