Madhur Bhandarkar has given everything raw. But the best part is that he has not forgotten the ingredients. It is short and sweet for the viewer and it is the audience that has to make the choice now. Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth, regardless of the cruelty associated with it. Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work. A simple and peaceful life she adores with a caring boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl. It covers the Nation Today page. There she has a very supportive editor, Deepak Suri (Boman Irani). But life changes for her as she meets the first shock and lets go of Crime bit. Omigosh! there a whole new world was waiting for her. She is shocked, excited and surprised by the revelation. Her reaction has led to her losing her job. She ends up back on page 3. When she meets a celebrity at a party, she knows what they look like hidden under the deceptive face. <br /> <br /> The film has a message and that's rough too. The audience has to get it in its own color. The theme and the script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts to prepare the audience. As the foreplay club is shown before the Pedophiliac show, the short tension is before gay actions in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the performers are really good at delivering them. Charu Mohanty's two words speak volumes and he is very successful at expressing these two words with such ingenuity that he leaves an impact. The selected selections could have been better. The songs are nowhere; But they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with great impact. There were some defects visible. Atul Kulkarni explains to Konkan Sharma that honesty should be associated with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue, as it sounds like a sermon. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not require acting. This scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a must-have movie with selective options before the pedophilia incident. That can spoil your mood.
