Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film, which aims to reveal the lifestyle of the rich and famous while providing a commentary on the integrity of contemporary journalism. Celebrities celebrate endlessly, they like to be seen at these parties. and to appear duly in the media. In fact, the movie would make us believe that celebrity celebrities are celebrities, and the newspapers have a big hand here. IMO, there are a lot more synergies between the celebrities and the media and it's kind of a "I need you, you need me" kind of relationship. However, the media needs more celebrities and not the other way around. Anyway, in this milieu of the constant party the reporter Konkana Sen Sharma (page 3 of the newspaper) is thrown. She is featured as a celebrity who is very popular at social gatherings. She has a good friend in gay Abhijeet and fighting model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). You room with a stewardess? the Naughty Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and a fighting actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani, and a reporter for firefighting crimes is played by Atul Kulkarni. The movie has almost too many plot deviations and characters, but works at a certain level. It is shown that the rich are rotten for the most part. The film business was extremely sloppy with casting scenarios, exploitation of power and hunger for media contact. All of this is layered in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that does not seem to have much to do with the story or plot, rampant drug use, pedophilia, "deaths" of the police. Given all of Pearl's desire to have a super-rich husband, a sociable daughter indulging in a sexual encounter in a car, the sloppy women all seem benevolent. <br /> <br /> The film has absolutely outstanding acting Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? pity in my opinion. But the minor occupation is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). That's what saves me the movie. Mr. Bhandarkar bites off much more than he can chew or process on celluloid, and turns the movie into a free punch. I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of social ills and examined them more effectively. He abuses the social exploitation, but uses itself all the ingredients that Masala needs for the success of a film. We have an article number in the context of a Bollywood theme party, the discharged children dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a western beat. I hope the next one of Madhur Bhandarkar dares to give up even more of the stereotypical ingredients of Hindi film. The film is a brave (albeit erroneous) effort that is certainly worth it.
