Is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar does to expose social filth. The film is convincing, but like most Bhandarkar films, it is one-sided and too pessimistic. This film is all about tabloid journalism, gossip and celebrities. The film portrays the lives of celebrities whose lifestyle is catastrophic boastful, peculiar and repugnant. They celebrate, they care about nothing but fame, they plan parties at funerals, they demand more money and a higher reputation. They will do everything they can to be duly known in the media to boldly place their names in the social environment of the daily newspaper Column known as "Page 3" with huge photos that will be at the center of people's discussions. They are looking for attention, wasteful and hypocritical. The film industry is presented as dirty, with casting couch is a common phenomenon among filmmakers. There is our beautiful heroine, a young reporter of the social column, Madhvi Sharma, thrown. All of these people from Mumbai's elite depend on their articles and she's the right person to make friends with at these parties if you want them to mention you in her article. Later in the movie, we learn that even those who are Madhvi's friends do not differ from these people of high society. That was difficult for me, though the film is undoubtedly courageous and the topics he deals with are interesting. <br /> <br /> The music of the film is average. The only passable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by the two melodic queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. A particularly disgusting song is "Filmy Very Filmy". The film writes pretty well. The second half is much better than the first, as it becomes more factual and reveals much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. There, the film must be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear, and the disappointment of the character of Konkona Sen Sharma was very simple. She was excellent throughout the film and her acting in the final scenes was particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni's part was very small, but he fully lived up to her. Boman Irani is solid as editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is gracious as Madhvis naughty roommate Pearl, who marries an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The end of the film is really well done and gives a certain relief after the unimaginably hard process. It's a good movie, it's interesting and sometimes moving, but its level of interest and overall quality are hampered by its exaggerated, overly messy and negative portrayals of the rich and famous.
