On a visit to Romania with his CIA father Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented high school quarterback who eventually led his team to victory over rival Simpson, a potential palm reader (.. in Romania, people are not allowed to score many Read books, so she read with the palm reading) that he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, make no appointments ... you will be busy."). Well, who would have thought ... Tony is actually bitten and his life would change forever. After his father died in a bomb shelter (!) Under unusual circumstances, unfortunately in an incident (!) (The firing of his werewolf son in a metal bomb shelter is not a very good idea, especially if the ball does not leave the room and jump around like a Flipper, who has gone mad, travels Tony through the country through endless years, until he is tired of packing and returns decades later (and many US presidents), hopefully leading his football team to a win over Simpson long ago What used to be a very clean white gym has indeed turned into a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion, and to get an idea of ​​what the 1980s Full Moon High School prom party looks like, think of Studio 54 with teenagers. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen's parody of werewolf-flicks is full of gags and homages and jokes, among other things old ones in the sexed-ed classroom, Tony the Werewolf Conversion, and the introductory scene of dr. Brand (80)'s fire of the 80s (Alan Arkin, who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen) reveals the worst psychiatrist in the world. His task of talking about a pullover causes two men to fall from a balcony. The sweater and a firefighter (who first tries to talk him out), both are mad at Brand! Brand even tries to get Tony to sign a waver because his body is donated to science so he can get his wife a fur coat! Kenneth Mars has rolled me into the ground as a homosexual football coach (and later in the 80's as a principal), who likes to pat his players on the backside. This scene in which Tony unloads the truth about the sexed class is classic. The film is loaded with inspiring casting decisions. Simply littered with funny characters and the cast interpretations. Like Ed McMahon, a very conservative military warrior who actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy standing next to his photo in the Bomb House (always talking about comedies), Joanne Nail as Ricky's upturned eyes at the present time, falling in love with the werewolf , Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a mousy, nerdy sexually molested (and abusive) teacher who finds an attraction to Tony, James Dixon as Deputy (his grandiose scene has forced him to write a line from his police chief in front of Dr. Brand, who begins to memorize the words to memorize) she herself constantly demanded that he charm her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's longtime buddy and now the chief of police, who brought Jane only after leaving the city , I can not forget JM J Bullock when Flynn's closed gay son tries to get into school and hopes to find a lady with strange results. <br /> <br /> I like the way the movie pays homage to the werewolf genre, like when it's on the hunt ... it's often referred to in the newspapers as Jack the Nipper because it's his Victim likes to bite on the cheek ... and I do not speak with the face. He has seen more than anger as danger. The tributes to Carrie and Psycho are nice, and the violin beat is also amusing. Cohen throws so many zingers to the viewer, at some point you have to stick. Of course, not every joke hits its mark in such a comedy, but many do. The cast is worth it. The film looks cheap, as is typical for Larry Cohen. Note the scenes from the 1950s, in which the obviously old actors who would appear on the street wore garish wigs. Loved Adam at the top ... he's the perfect foil for the gags that follow him, and the zingers he lets fly from Cohen's script. The movie moves fast and hardly breathes. I liked this horror comedy more than most, it seems.
