I do not joke about this summary and vote! Video distributors have taken this as another typical 1980s werewolf movie, but it's actually the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, because they did for the horror movie what "Blazing Saddles" did for the Western , I have seen many comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (which usually go away unimpressed), and I think comedy has to be the most difficult genre in which filmmakers and actors have to work - it needs just the right kind of touch to make things successful, and that includes having good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - so many that it can easily shame the Sugar / Abrams team of "Airplane" and "Naked Gun". One of the best of these is the presence of Ed McMahon in a lead role as right-wing crackpot by John Birch. The jokes, non-successors, smartass and puns are literally non-stop and everything, including the sink, was thrown in. The ironic tone is very similar to "Back to the Future". <br /> <br /> Some people (ie almost every reviewer here) must have been put off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died laughing, and this is one of those movies where you never know what a guy it's the insane situation will happen next. Since B-Movie extractor in Larry Cohen had not made a comedy before, it feels like he made up for lost time by including every joke he or his associates could think of. If Mel Brooks had done that, the critics would have called it a comic masterpiece. However, since it was made by Cohen, it was dismissed as a lock. Critical reviews have also called this film "stupid". STUPID? What should a comedy be - seriously ?! Anyway, I laughed a lot more loudly for this movie than for others. Cohen makes fun of everyone - including himself, with many references to his usual mark of cheap filmmaking; He and the actors must have had a lot of fun with it. <br /> <br /> The humor is very Mel Brooks and anyone who loves Jewish humor or sees a lot of B-movies (especially horror) will love these. Believe me, the movie is not too hard to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is, a roller coaster of the belly laughs without any semblance of social value - then you will really enjoy it! A side note: This movie should somehow go down in history, because the only thing Bob Saget ever played (if only briefly) was actually funny.
