I do not know why people are not much out of the low budget indie movies, but I enjoyed this movie because I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not too many horror movies in the city. When I saw this on the shelf, the title alone was my curiosity. So I decided to give it a try and I was surprised ... It's not often that you come across a low budget indie horror movie with great acting and a good story. Is it a low budget? Yes. Can you say that it is a low budget? Yes ... but as soon as you look at the movie, you are going to remember the story so much that it does not matter. I also like hip-hop music and the soundtrack is nice! I do not know what's wrong with these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie ever". Did those idiots see EVERY movie out there? There are thousands of films out there. How can you classify a film as the "worst" ever? A video that is not "movie" like "Zombiez" may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say that it's the worst movie I've ever seen since I did not see any movie seen out there. The bottom line is that those people who rated this film badly are probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like minority-based urban movies, ghetto movies, hip-hop, etc., then WHY WATCH THESE TYPES OF FILMS ??? !!! knowing that you do not like this kind of stuff? Sure, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but a URBAN horror movie with a multicultural cast. I do not like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or the OK, THEY SUCKING for me. Films like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK me. I'm a guy from New Jersey and those shows and movies are shit on me. Why? Because I can not relate to them. They do not sharpen my interest. Only common sense. Believe me, I'll never look at GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING KNIGHTS 2: Here's a sequel that tortures you again since the first one sucked so badly and I HEART HUCKABORING. Back to the movie, regarding saint405's commentary above, I do not know if that guy got "dumb" by his drunken father before he saw the movie, but for me everyone did a great job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did VERY good work. I'm an aspiring actor who plays theater myself at my school, and I had to do a play that made me cry. It is not easy to be emotional in a scene. That's why I give props to actors that make an emotional scene and can pull it off Anyway, I liked this movie and never heard of these actors and directors, but I bet I'll take care of them now and if they read this , BRING ON THE SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
