Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play, and even the boys of DA Hood can not stop them. This low-budget direct-to-video production seems to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest version of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The ghetto environment and hip-hop soundtrack can add extra appeal to inner-city breeding dogs. Ricky (Carl Washington) works in a medical research facility while raising his little brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). The teenager, bored with macaroni cheese dinners in her Trakthaus, prefers to spend time with street friends Marco and Kev. Apparently, there are not much aficionados on this side of the bay for African-American high school dropouts, except for drugs and scuffling with the homesickers, including the Latino rival gang catcher. Ricky plans to sell the house of his deceased parents and move inland to the Castro Valley, a more bourgeois and probably safer environment. Before this can happen, unfortunately, Jermaine leaves a passby lying on the porch. The grief stricken Ricky tries a last desperate trick. He tells Scotty, his lab assistant, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formulas they have tested on rats. If a double dose does not revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But on the way to the morgue a funny thing happens. The boy is revived as a bubbling, growling zombie, chews the ambulance drivers and staggers away into the night, spellbound for revenge and hungry for fresh meat. The craze infects more victims, and before the night is over East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the blood-spattered undead. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. However, low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Think of the programmers of Val Lewton (Cat Man, The Leopard Man, Island of the Dead), Roger Corman's Poe Quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead, and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between the memorable and the terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than the recent high-priced horrors of hundreds of millions of dollars. Equity has its charm. In really cheap movies, actors wear their own clothes in the midst of real scenes. Here are the tracts with freshly painted walls in neutral matte tones that create a dark atmosphere like the bourgeois melodramas of Douglas Sirk from the 50s. Lines are more improvised than scripted. "So what the hell are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any F N 'thing that looks weird." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls a former military named Romero. "I have a big problem that we need to deal with quickly." "No problem," says the mercenary, closing his cell phone and reaching for his weapons. Everyone has weapons, and even if they fight zombies, they're on their phones, because who is not today? Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We caught up with some crazy bastards." "Deja F N'vu. It's that park zombie again ..." Ricky even has to blow away his twitching girlfriend and just say, "She's out of control." Unlike most zombie movies, this one has a motive for chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the gangbangers who shot him, who in turn continue the rumble. This is an urban film that implies its own social commentary, a production close to the guerrilla that proposes a future of low-budget horror that reflects real life rather than supernatural stereotypes. The Quiroz brothers, who have named their name in anticipation of a new move, can inspire others to tell stories that come from personal experiences rather than imitate tired Hollywood products. Given their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable aspect to the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson does his work, music by Eduardo Quiroz is no simpler than Carpentres haunting Halloween theme, and hip-hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add to the atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exciting. They learn their trade and unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never gotten better, the next thing they can see is.
