There were "race pictures" almost from the beginnings of the film business. Films with almost exclusively black actors were made by separate Poverty Row studios (mostly not owned by Caucasians) for ghetto theaters. In the 1970s, this idea was revived by the growing urban situation with a wave of "blaxploitation" imagery made for urban homes where black actors and funky atmospheres overlay traditional B-movie acts. This trend even spread in horror movies, with titles such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill containing blaxploitation versions of monster standards. And it did not die with the closure of most urban theaters? It has been slow to enter the video era and continues with low-budget direct-to-DVD releases like this one. The Hood of the Living Dead by Ed and Jose Quiroz takes the popularity of horror movies to the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland who tries to get his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) in trouble after the death of their parents. After being shot dead by drug traffickers, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regeneration formula he worked on to save the teenager's life. Apparently, his efforts are in vain, and Jermaine's body is taken away. But the body never makes it to the morgue? Jermaine gets animated in the van der Leichenwahn as a meat-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers and then goes after the gang that killed him and spreads the zombie infection wherever he goes. After Ricky heard from his friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on the gangsters, Ricky believes that the only thing he has to do is catch Jermaine and try the whole thing hiding from him and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) is arrested for the chaos they have caused. However, they soon discover that the infection spreads too fast to control them. The Quiroz team manages to keep things simple and manages to produce an entertaining little horror movie without overwhelming itself to the point where things look bad. Incidentally, they also contribute to interesting business. When confronted with a zombie for the first time, Scott says, "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" ?? an effective way to kill zombies. An additional twist is added if the first head shot does not kill the brain, causing the viewer discomfort. Another good point is that the soundtrack uses sub-eminem style rap only to a limited extent and is "scary" in standard music.
