Most of the bad reviews on this site make "Hood of the Living Dead" responsible for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) It's a low-budget movie that does not really matter. 2) It was so bad it made me laugh 3) It's something I could do myself. I will not even go into the first point, because it is a very subjective matter, whether you like low-budget and independent things or not. However, I have to say that I still do not understand that people renting such a movie as "Hood of the Living Dead" are amazed and then look surprised when they realize that they are not as distinct and sweet as one romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew McConaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what is so wrong with laughter. Personally, I like to laugh and love movies that bring me to comedy or horror movies. When I saw in "Hammerhead" how this girl stepped into a PUDDLE and the shark man came out to eat her, I just collapsed. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and made me enjoy 10 seconds. Honestly, all I'm laughing at is that I feel good, while it seems that many people who write reviews consider it a bad thing. If you just want to be sad and scared watching a movie, Hood of the Living Dead and low budget movies are definitely not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you find them ridiculous. We already know it. This is probably the reason why we decided to see the movie in the first place. However, it is the third point that is completely confused. Some years ago, people were out of cinemas to see "Blair Witch Project," which is a rather rudimentary, boring, insane, and ill-fated movie than "Hood of Living Dead" (and takes itself seriously). In addition, every day half a million people on YouTube watch the short films of "Lonelygirl15", which surely anyone who has a nice girlfriend, a room and a webcam, can! So as not to talk about all the more amateur videos you can find there. Why do not people blame these clips for bad acting and non-existent action? I think it's one of the best things of our time that anyone with affordable technology and a bunch of friends can make their own films and share them with people who have similar interests. And I find it a bit of admiration for people who spend their weekends with their friends to make a really bad (but still refreshing) garbage like this instead of shopping at the mall or playing video games alone. Set aside your prejudices and desire to listen like a clever movie critic by attacking B movies, you'll see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as it was to its creators! If you fancy refreshing and entertaining homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Spirits of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not Look Down the Basement", "The Worst Horror Movie Ever "," Redneck Zombies "," Jesus Christ Vampyre Slayer "and" Habit ".
