Eye in the Labyrinth is not an average giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure if it's really a giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little movie. I hesitate to call it giallo because the movie does not contain most of the things that make these films what they are. But many genre entries break the mold, and this seems to be one of them. The movie contains no brutal murders like many Giallos, but this is compensated by a surreal atmosphere and a conspiracy that is just confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough because it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie, his patient, who for some reason sees her as her lover and father and is offended when he leaves her. We then move to a big house where a number of people lived, but nothing is really as it seems, since there are a number of secrets about various events that happened before Julie's arrival seems to be against how the mind is like a labyrinth. That never really comes out, and I preferred to just sit back and enjoy what was going on, rather than worrying about the point (if any) of the movie trying. Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director of the excellent Night of the Doomed a few years ago. He does not create the atmosphere in this movie as well as before; But the surreal aspects of the story come out well, and the mystery is always maintained, which does not make the movie boring. The movie stars Rosemary Dexter, who delivers a good performance through and through. Most other performers are not really worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is considered the villain of the play, and Alida Valli, who will be remembered by cult fans from a range of iconic cult films. The film ends up self-explanatory; Luckily, since I'm sure I'm not the only spectator who was more than confused until then! Overall, this can not be a classic stuff. but it is good enough and worth seeing.
