I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey" since my childhood, so I can not really compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat whose owners leave them with friends in the countryside when the family man in San Francisco has to take on a new job. The animals, who believe that they have been abandoned, flee and set out on a long journey home through the wilderness. <br /> <br /> This story could most easily have been filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are actually live action movies from real animals. One major difference is that the animals in the later version speak with human voices and give each one their own personality, which was not the case in the original film. (A similar device for talking animals has been used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have been quite curious about this device, but I think it helps the animals to have their own character to strengthen the movie instead of weakening it. The animals were voiced by well-known stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. Both dogs are male and their relationship is similar to that of many people in Buddy Buddy movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the wise, experienced older dog. The younger one is cheeky, insolent and impulsive. For British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but is actually an American bulldog who is obviously a different breed than her British cousin. Sassy the cat is female with a rather primitive and correct personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her superior to any dog. ("Cats rule, dogs drool!"). <br /> <br /> From an adult perspective, the film has a number of mistakes. It can be sentimental, some of the incidents (such as those in which the animals manage to catapult a mountain lion into the river) are incredible, and the human characters are all completely forgotten. However, this is a movie that is primarily aimed at children, and I suspect that they will be very happy about it. Surely every animal loving child will do this. (Comments by some professional critics, such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the animals' voices were lessening the "sublimity" of the film) only underscore my view that professional critics are not always the best guides to children's films. "Homeward Bound" focuses on his supposed size). <br /> <br /> Adults will appreciate the photography of the Sierra Nevada in California. They may also appreciate the mix of humor and excitement of the movie as the runaway pets encounter dangers such as bear, mountain lion and porcupine in the wild. This is a very pleasant family movie. 10.7
