This comment contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are only a few actors who have an intangible character. This innate quality, which is a mixture of charisma, panache and boasting. It is the quality that distinguishes good actors from the really big ones. I think George Clooney has it and Jack Nicholson too. You can see Clooney's subtle touch in scenes like his one and only saying goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11, when they just say each other contemptuously. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's performances, ranging up to five easy pieces in the diner to A Few Good Men and his courtroom interrogation scene. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors who radiate this terrible quality in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive borderline diatribes in The Siege for his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's movie of the same name, you'll find that there's no better actor working today. I'm not mentioning all this to point out that Man On Fire is perfect precisely because of Denzel's work, but he's definitely the production tooth. I was literally fascinated by some of his scenes that are harsh, emotional and hot-blooded at the same time. Washington plays Creasy as a former spy or CIA agent or one of those undercover government officials. He reached the low point when he was disillusioned with the life he led. He killed and maybe did things that are best left unsaid, and that made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend and perhaps mentor, who is played by Christopher Walken very reserved, lives in Mexico and deserves a very comfortable life by offering the rich bodyguards. Apparently, the kidnapping business in Mexico is so alive that these paid former S.E.A.L.s and the like can work very well while providing a needed service. Creasey needs the work and accepts working with a well-functioning family in financial distress. Marc Anthony is doing well as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is temptingly sexy, as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just as incredibly precocious as a pita. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a range that she plays the characters, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing short of Oscar worthy. The entire first half of the film depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy. If there was a weaker actress in the role, that emotional synergy might not have come so close. But Fanning is no less remarkable in this role. <br /> <br /> It's the relationship between Pita and Creasy that brings this movie to the top of the cinema. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond between them. Tony Scott directs with a frenetic urgency, and his eye for visual stray light has never been better. I'm curious to see how his next movie Domino turns out. I think Scott is one of today's undervalued directors, and with more films like this, his name will surely be iconic. <br /> <br /> The story really brings Creasy to Pita and vice versa. There is a clear connection between the two, and maybe it's based on the fact that while Pita loves her father, she does not have much. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Creasy soon brings Pita to her swimming competition. He reads her bedtime stories and she calls her teddy bear "Creasy". It's not just a friendship between them, it's more of a kinship, and a deep parental love seems to exist. <br /> <br /> The movie shifts gears when Pita is kidnapped and held for ransom and Creasy is almost fatally injured trying to protect her. Here, the story is full of allusions and mature delusion, while the plot parts are riddled like an onion. And here Denzel becomes a show of strength. As I said earlier, I've seen Denzel perform well in movies like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen him like that before. He is an obsessed man and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a literally burning man. It rages in him as he goes hunting and releases his kind of comeuppance. Denzel's anger and sharpness are omnipresent and not easy to suppress as he chases every person responsible for the injury of Pita. All this is self-justice, as the Mexican authorities are always one step behind. <br /> <br /> The most important thing about the audacious brilliance of this film is that there are only a few films that actually give the criminals due diligence. I was often frustrated at seeing films that easily let the bad guys go. They cause all sorts of torture for the entire movie and then they take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. The writer Brian Helgeland ensures that retribution is unique and painful. The perpetrators here feel Creasy's anger and experience the agony he unleashes. There is nothing gagmatic about his kind of justice. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is placed in places that are meant for other things. No punches are made here, and this is one of the movie's true strengths. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best movies of 2004. Now that it's released on DVD, it's my recommendation. Get the SE. It includes many bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentation and various comment titles. 10/10
