If I remember how I saw the previews for this movie and did not really think about it. It was almost one of those movies, when you see the preview, it's stunning, and when it comes out, you hear nothing and totally miss it and their memory does not completely correct the mistake. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was once curious about a rental property and decided to take it home, my precious blockbuster rental car in my hands. I saw it and saw such a nice movie. It's like no other ... drama and action to create something amazingly spectacular. The camera created by Tony Scott is extremely good and unique unlike other films. The subtitles can explain something without hearing the actual voices, and the music is very interesting for the setting. I got into this movie and bought it as soon as I left the household and went to Best Buy. I have seen it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does amazing work by becoming a lost ex-special forces man who has no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) gives him life from the beginning with his immortal love. They bind themselves and become good friends until they are kidnapped by the notorious gangsters of the Brotherhood La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that he will hunt down the killers for fear that Pita is dead. Here, Creasy really shows who he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's abduction and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men, and he begins his persecution. My favorite series in this film is when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent, "A man is a work of art in whatever he does ... cook whatever his masterpiece is painting." He plays a very unique role for Creasy old partner and friend. After he finally pursued the brother of "The Voice", leader of La Hermandad. Creasy arranges a meeting to exchange Pita for herself and The Voice's brother. In the end, Creasy dies of an earlier shot, his wound becomes infected and massive blood loss occurs. It is a very sincere and sad end, but a great ending. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable movie. The story is exhaustive, everything is explained from beginning to end and in no way at all crazy.
