In Mexico, there are often garments that give me their phone numbers. If you are rich, you need a good bodyguard to protect you and your children. A couple hired a washed-out bodyguard named Creasy to protect their adorable boy Pita. At first, her relationship is a bit flawed, but after a while, Creasy loosens the girl and the two develop a father-daughter relationship. One day, Pita is kidnapped and Creasy gets seriously injured. When he wakes up, he learns that the girl was killed because of a failed ransom bargaining. This leads Creasy on a path to blame the men for their deaths and ensure that they are brought to justice. <Br /> <br /> - Hold some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie as you need to take something with you after watching it. I love the story very much to go here to seek revenge, because most movies usually only want revenge, but never go too far, where they have shown how far a man can go to do what he wants holds correctly. The only problem is the annoying visual style that either hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the cameraman, because I'm sure he got into this movie because he thought he was doing an action movie and was probably very excited. Instead, he stood firm as DP for a filmmaker who feels the whole movie looks like it was possessed by demons. I would not mind if the crappy visuals were limited to a few action scenes, but if they spread throughout the movie, we'll have some problems. The same annoying style was recently used on "Domino" and, similarly to this movie, the style has hurt this otherwise great movie. <br /> <br /> - Another person I regret about this film was the great soon Harry Gregson Williams had the impossible task of composing music from the jagged images. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent music for the movie, but I'm sure if the movie had been more stable, the music would have been much better. The sound is used incorrectly throughout the movie. Instead of improving the movie experience, you feel more like punishment. Overloading the subwoofer is annoying if you hear an incredulous, deep sound every 5 seconds. I do not know why Scott thought the audience had to be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - Acting in the movie is a beast despite the visual effects. Little Fanning does a great job here and the scene at the end of the movie breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule not to make action movies with this movie, and luckily he can play a great character for him. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly finds meaning in his life because of a tragedy is nothing new, but Washington brings some lifeblood and emotion to the otherwise flat character. I love how we witness that he is a loner, that he really has to learn emotions, and after kidnapping he becomes a cold instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays the wife of Marc Anthony and together with Fanning she is the two reasons why I can not hate the movie too much. J. Loo's husband comes and goes to the movie, but he does not stand out. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have minimal roles in the movie, but they make an impression. <br /> <br /> One thing that makes me laugh is the way the filmmakers try to equip themselves for the shitty way they portray Mexico. It's a beautiful city on the End of the movie. A little late for that, if you ask me. Let's hope that Tony Scott is done with this phase of deliberate attempt to ruin his career, because a filmmaker as talented as he can CAN and be better.
