You know you're thinking of something else when Christopher Walken plays the role of a professional hit in a movie - and he's not even one of the bad guys! Even if you can handle some decent cuts here and there, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective crime drama that ranges from the openly sentimental to the downright brutal - and almost every conceivable sound in between - Denzel Washington plays Creasy , a former CIA assassin who recently resigned and is seeking redemption for the sins committed. So far, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and in the Bible, and with both, it's not very good. When the film opened, Mexico City was plagued by a series of kidnappings targeting the powerful and wealthy, possibly committed by the very police charged with upholding law and order in the community. Creasy accepts the role of bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is rightfully afraid for her safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and his protege, Pita, a sweet little girl who is slowly but surely getting into Creasy's initially hardened heart and affections. The last two-thirds of the movie turns into an Avenging Angel melodrama as Creasy systematically locates and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurs at an early stage in history. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by AJ Quinnell, "Man on Fire", spicy written by Brian Helgeland and conspicuously directed by Tony Scott, is a cool action-packed action image that's never been rough Brutality of his topic deters. It is risky to ask ourselves if we should identify with a man who achieves salvation in every way through torture and murder of (admittedly unassailable) people. These scenes of carnage and violence are intense and exciting, though sometimes bordering on the exploitative. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pita at the beginning of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning create a natural, laid-back relationship that sets the stage for chaos and turbulence. Washington wears the film with its quality of stoic justice and lets us understand its character on an emotional level, even though what it does is intellectually elusive. In addition to the two leads, there are solid performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and the adorable Mrs. Fanning who steal the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better with half an hour running, but this is still a better one. above-average thriller.
