Although MAN ON FIRE comes out of a lot of vengeful action flicks (KILL BILL VOL 2, THE PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), it works just as well, thanks in large part to the ever-observing Denzel Washington, one of the best Actors nearby today. <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's novel from 1980 (first filmed in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington plays a rogue ex-mercenary who now leans to drinking from Jack Daniels until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance to salvation. He is hired as a bodyguard for the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning first work like oil and water (not mixing very well), he can really connect with her and encourage her to swim better while trying to deal with the demons of the past. It is precisely this connection that forces Washington back into its old work practice, when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a $ 10 million ransom and almost killed. For almost all other stock action heroes (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the ensuing bloodbath would be the same repetitive strike we've seen a million times before. But Washington's character, though he kills for some reason, does not particularly like what he does. Still, he receives help from a very intrepid Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Ticotin) to expose "La Hermanidad" (The Brotherhood), the kidnapping group responsible for Fanning's abduction. MAN ON FIRE is faulty Partly because of the hyper-camera work, the almost headache-causing assembly of montages and various film stocks, which are natural for the director Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE), which are not necessarily unique for him (Witness Oliver) Stone uses the montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic films of the 60s and 70s. Nevertheless, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington as well as from Fanning, who is far more than just a typical movie-goer. Harry Gregson-Williams' Spanish guitar score south of the border is enhanced by soundtrack splashes by Chopin, Debussy and even Linda Ronstadt's classic country rock version of "Blue Bayou" (1977). Although the film is quite violent overall, it is no worse than most of the action films of the last decade, and much better than most.
