Maslin Beach is a true naturist / nudist beach south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian movie that used the beach as a location. Maslin Beach is referred to as a romantic comedy. This might be a bit misleading as it is not a "hilarious" movie, nor is it truly romantic in the traditional sense, but it does have carefree moments. Like life itself, there are also moments of sadness. It has also been completely filmed at the above nudist beach, and the nudity runs throughout the movie. The onlooker quickly learns to accept this as normal and focuses on the plot, not the amount of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car on a beach car at Park. They bring their belongings to the beach, and as they leave, a voice of Simon speaks about his confusion about what real love is. The rest of the movie is an exploration of it, framed by a full day on the beach. The basic story is about what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in various vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, Simon and Marcie seem bored. Marcie sees her as a romantic couple "Romeo and Juliet". Simon is bored with everything. Next up are Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk together along the beach and discuss Gail's chances of finding the "perfect" man, aided by the "forces" of a necklace that has brought luck to her grandmother. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them "attractive" and young (part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> In order to serve the guests of the beach, there is a flatulence, short-sighted ice cream vendor with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), a friend of Simon, who is also his unofficial advisor. I would think that this character is the most important comic element. It's hard to say because there's nothing to Ben about Ben that would make you laugh out loud, unless you were intoxicated, masculine, and very young! But Maslin Beach has a great redemption function, which means that he does not spend too much time on any topic. Since the quality of the drama is variable, the script is suspicious and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive blessing. In fact, there is something about this movie (not nudity) that I find appealing. It's hard to define what it is, but it might have something to do with its dullness and a downright Australian attitude to carnal things. <br /> <br /> The camera work in Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it is very good, with impressive static shots and 'pans' of the beach, the cliffs and the sunset. Since nudity is a key factor in this movie, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no sense of attention in imaging, which means that the imaging is done so that the camera does not remain on "private" body parts. This helps to relieve the viewer's discomfort from the personal area of ​​the subject and to make the film tasteful. Given the locations, this is not an easy task. Maslin Beach is neither a "skin strip" for post-pubertal, testosterone-infected men nor a "Mills and Boon" romance for undervalued women. Maslin Beach nowhere seems to fit into the genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the Baywatch sense and are "normal" people that you would see everywhere on the beach. It has no message to convey, and would not even seem like tourism advertising, except perhaps for naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, shooting could have taken place in any sunny country. What makes this film very Australian is the fact that it is pointless (Cinema Verite?) And only Australian cinema and other medium-sized national cinemas might consider such a cautious option. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have room for experiments in search of identity, and a "flop" will not hurt their reputation too much. Considering the fact that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, it is always possible that the film will become internationally popular, but it is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this review I sometimes listened very negatively to Maslin Beach. This is not the real position, as I could see the movie very easily. I enjoyed it as a mirror of near-reality and real people (and problems). The problems facing the film are those of everyday life and a little spectacle. That does not hurt in my opinion, and I wish that more films deal with everyday life so. Here is a connection to the European cinemas and in particular to the French film. They rarely deal with major catastrophes or catastrophes, but with everyday life. Hollywood is in direct opposition to this and rides the pinnacle of the hyperreal action / drama / fear wave. The pace is also much faster in Hollywood, but it's not the reality. Maslin Beach is also not exactly "Jacques Tati", but he is on the right track, even if he ignores multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation, etc., which are so important in the current cinema. I am sure you will either love or hate this movie, with little room for a middle ground. <br /> <br />
