"The Muppets Take Manhattan" differs in many ways from all previous Muppet films. For one, it remains the only Muppet movie that does not belong to Disney. Since 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of publication), although Disney owns the rights to the Muppets. In addition, this film has a story that is very unlinear and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course it's very hard to surpass the original "Muppet Movie" of 1979, especially since this movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". One way in which "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" may be the surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first movie, the Muppets really have to go to Hollywood, go into the office of an agent and immediately get a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this movie, the Muppets learn that they actually have to work for their desired success, and this is much more difficult than expected, especially in the entertainment business. This is an important and often overlooked piece of news, provided one is prepared to dispel the incredulity that the small, cloth-type muppets do not necessarily have to live in a spacious location or even eat. Especially their struggle after graduation creates a very good story. One more clue: The celebrity camsos in the movie were cool and surprisingly managed not to take the limelight from the muppets. That ability right there is proof of Henson and how attractive the Muppet characters were even to adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls flat and I'm sure people will not agree. is with some of the most important songs, especially at the end. I thought that the wedding song "He will make me happy" is too bleak for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, hearing this song makes me unusually depressed, especially if the movie starts off with a good number like "Together Again" and ends happily for that matter. "Saying Goodbye" was also a sad number, but it fit better in the movie because the Muppets disbanded and were not sure if they would meet again. The last song was so disappointing and perhaps even more so that younger viewers no longer see their favorite muppets on the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is overall a good movie that marches to the beat of another drum than the other Muppet films, including the newer ones after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Luckily, the film also marches in the same direction. I just wish the movie ended with a better song that was not so melancholic. In addition, Disney would have the copyrights of this film in the hands and get a proper DVD release. Maybe one day. We will see.
