This was the third Muppet movie and the last Jim Henson was involved in before his premature death in 1990. The first three films with the famous characters were all made and released before my birth. I saw the first and second parts of the original trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper" as a child in the mid-1990s, but did not see this third part "The Muppets Take Manhattan" until April 2007. This was shortly after seeing his two predecessors and Muppet Treasure Island for the first time in many years in 1996. This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me at first sight, and my second visit almost three years later may not have worked that way very impressed, but if not, it did not go down too far.> <br /> Muppet's stage musical, "Manhattan Melodies," is proving a great success on the college campus They will be leaving soon, but they decide that they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to get their show on Broadway, and when they arrive, they start looking for a product But after many rejections, they finally decide to split up and look for work. Most leave the city, but Kermit remains and is still determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet gang. He gets a job in a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. The frog soon befriends the daughter of Pete, Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer who currently works as a waitress in her dad's restaurant. As Kermit continues his attempts to reach celebrities, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him. She begins to see Kermit and Jenny together, and to them it looks like they are approaching, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it looked disappointing at first. It seemed a bit rushed, fuzzy and maybe even forgetting at the beginning. In this part of the movie, there are some fun pieces, such as Animal, chasing a woman through the college campus audience, but for a while, the movie seemed boring to me compared to its predecessors. Luckily, it did not take long for that to change. The movie is mostly entertaining, with "saying goodbye," the poignant song that the muppets sing as they part, and much that happens afterwards. The two funniest parts MAY be Miss Piggy's tantrums after seeing Kermit and Jenny hugging each other, but there were definitely many other times when I laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears , The Muppets still have their charm and their weird antics, which obviously also contributes to the fact that the film is mostly supported, as well as the plot, a simple, but forever fascinating plot. There are some weaker moments like the Muppet Babies sequence and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is lackluster, but none of these problems are too significant and are far from enough to ruin the entire experience. <br /> <br /> I would say, "The Muppet Movie", the film that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and this seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but all are good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third of the movies that were made after Henson's sad death, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still the Muppets! I will not go into details of what I think of the 1999 movie by Muppets, which was published twenty years after the first film, as I have already explained in my report why I found it so disappointing and even though it does Some appeal, I am clearly not alone. However, every movie with the loveable Muppets that came about in Henson's life is good entertainment for the whole family, even though the second and third parts each had a slight loss of quality after the immediately preceding movie.
