This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about Kung Fu. And if Sammo Hung before the film had not spent some time with films by the great French comic-filmmaker Jaques Tati (d. H. Z. B. esp. Jour de Fête), he is certainly on the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> I personally think that Tati's movies are funny; but they are not for everyone. Some have told me that they detest his work. I've never figured out why, but I think it's because the character Tati normally plays himself is so totally dead, so untouched by the events around him (which he usually causes) that many of the more subtle comics Missing elements that occur in the environment he. Anyway, it's Tati's most important title - or at least his best known - to take a presumptuous upright petty bourgeoisie with a sense of the 19th century and take him to twentieth-century France, where he's a society This is largely defined by the gradual erosion of these sensations. Usually he has serious difficulties with small things like turntables or radios. He is a danger in a car, but the world is not safer when riding a bicycle. Nevertheless, he never loses his sovereignty, which results from his inner realization that the 19th century was more interesting than the 20th overall. Similarly, the character Sammo Hung itself plays a role A compatriot who has come to the city of Hong Kong is absolutely convinced that Bruce Lee has made kung fu films. This gets him in a small way in trouble, as he takes random steps that would never be noticed in a small city, but in a large city as inappropriate - like the moment he seems to urinate in the street, a police officer Er stops him and realizes that Hung actually only pushes water out of his shirt, which is soaked in an accidental bath in the bay. The interesting thing about this gag is why Hung does not understand what the cop is about - in a rural city, as long as no one is looking, if you go, you have to go. In other words, Hung does not really urinate on the street - which he would certainly do - and what is the problem officer? Of course, Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee also puts him in great trouble. He beats a gang of thugs who refused to pay his uncle in the restaurant. In a Bruce Lee movie, of course, the thugs were beaten and they learned their lesson. In Hong's Hong Kong, unfortunately, the reality prevails and the thugs return when they are not there to beat his uncle. Of course, Hung triumphs at the end, just as Tati always did. Characters like these always have to triumph (at least in the comedy) because they are completely innocent, and as such, despite their weird missteps and misunderstandings, really represent what is best for the people we admire and want. We do not really want to be Bruce Lee (who must experience the loss of all his friends before he has the chance to defeat evil), we really want in our own innocence a world where Lee's exploits are possible. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this world exists only in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Ah, but what if ...?" - and on this question we find Sammo Hung best for his comic.
