Sometimes realism can counteract the effectiveness of a movie. This is not a problem. The sets are cheesy inside and out. The fog is omnipresent and disguises the shabbiness of production. If there is a bar, the name on the front is simply "Wine And Spirits". The result is claustrophobic scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a wrong skyline. That's the sort of Dublin that's in the story, like the Jack the Ripper films have shabby, misty, cobbled Whitechapel. Who wants to have it differently? How could it have been otherwise, without bankable stars, a tiny budget and a four-week schedule? Acting is followed by everyone in the right way. Sometimes, my God, it is absolutely painful. Mrs. McPhillips moans after Frankie is shot in front of the house. However, Victor McLaglin delivers just the right kind of exaggerated performance. Wardrobe stuffed him into a jacket that was too small, so that he seems to be chucking out of him like Frankenstein's monster. His every move seems to go a little further than intended. If he hits his cap on his head, he beats his temple. He's a big, bubbling, bubbling baby and always seems to be drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward money that will bring him and his future girl to America, not a good guy in the ordinary sense. We flinch as he starts spending the 20 pounds, more and more in a wild, alcoholic night, because every costly and grand gesture takes him further away from his dream. I would not deny it, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for Max Steiner's score, wow. Any movement that has been exaggerated is not only underlined by the Mickey Mouse music, but also highlighted in bright yellow. It should not have happened - the heavenly choirs, the lovely young charms, the minnesingers, the gurgling, while McLaglen drinks from the bottle. Without points it would have been better. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it as a whole? Dated - in every respect, but not a product of his time. That's why I admire it. Yes, the symbolism is sometimes awkward. McLaglen, a real fool, poked his head against a hanging sign. The fog. The Blind But what impresses me is how little of it was tried. What seems overly artistic to us today in 1936 was something completely different from what most programmers saw back then. If it's too short, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, politically and morally, as well as poetically. (The legion of decency condemned it for a scene in a brothel.) The goal of a director should exceed his reach, or what a script for? However, now that I see it in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford apparently understood the Irish rebels. They kill, but only for what they consider necessary. ("He knows too much about life.) What if he's going to the Tanz? Oh, I'm not thinking of myself, but of us all, of Ireland itself.") The Irish are sentimentalized and sympathetic. I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East use similar logic to justify their violence.
