In the mid-1930s, Hollywood recovered after the difficulties of the talkie transition. Although all of the technical problems of the sound were resolved very quickly, it took longer to resolve the questions of what the talking pictures should look like, how they should be structured, and how they should be handled. The informer is a key to the extent to which wordless moments can convey a story by pervading the images of power without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. This does not mean that the informer is really a relapse into the golden days of the Silents. On the one hand, many of the silent pictures in her story were not so purely visual and overloaded with title cards. But the Informer has the confidence to extend the moments between the dialogues, focusing more on the reactions than the speeches, and making recordings easy for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, in spite of all his abilities, was a filmmaker who seemed to have made an effort, depending on the interest of the material. If he thought a story stupid, he only did it half-heartedly. Luckily, Informer, with his portrayal of community, honor, working class life and, above all, the Irish backdrop, was all Ford loved, and the result is one of his finest. Ford really only deals with too many types of shots. The first is from places? The Dublin streets were shrouded in fog and darkness, so that their deepest depths are invisible. dingy interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to be pushing us. The second consists of faces that take close-ups without a background, usually without dialogue, and focus on the inner conflicts of these people. Master Victor McLaglen fits in perfectly with this character and this way of filming him. The performance of McLaglen does not look like much because it is 90% drunk. But the other 10% are heartfelt, because here and there his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics call a moment of clarity. With such performances Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a spot-on support, where there are no weak links. Especially nice is that Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, who are usually only seen in comic relief roles, play dramatic games (although Meek's performance contains one or two jokes, the sound of the scene and much of his style and way is serious). These two not only deliver incredibly deep imaginations, their prominence for most viewers as comedy players gives their tragedy a special meaning. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced the Informer, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks from all the major studios. Thanks to that, we can see a grim story with a despicable anti-hero in the middle, which could easily have been a clunky, overly serious mess, instead a moody atmosphere and depth of character are filled that keeps us watching us move into his world ,
