Even in the early morning, television is an invaluable source of films I would never have found elsewhere. At four o'clock in the morning, I stumbled out of bed and began recording 'The Informer (1935)', my fourth film by prolific American director John Ford, and an outstanding one. The script was adapted during the Irish Civil War in 1922 by Dudley Nichols from the novel by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States and is best known for his "Americana" images, Ford's parents were both Irish, which explains the director's decision to make the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-meaning bully who briefs an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim the £ 20 reward for his friend Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed during his attempted arrest, the Irish Republican Army, whose members were both Frankie and Gypo, begins investigating the traitor behind the incident. Every hint brings them closer and closer to the true culprit. Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued with guilt over his friend's untimely death and is in a fit of drunkenness that rivals Don Birnam in 'The Lost Weekend (1945)' in his overabundance. As Gypo burns his worries in copious quantities of alcohol trapped in a vicious little circle of depression, his extravagant output attracts the attention of the IRA members surveyed. For the first time in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an amusing J. M. Kerrigan) who enthusiastically clap him on the back and baptize him "King Gypo" for his physical strength. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel affection for the man and simply show him that he is exploiting it for money. The extra £ 20 that Frankie's death brought could never buy Gypo a gathering of friends? In a bitter irony of irony, the money was made possible only by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. As a relatively simple guy, Gypo may not have been fully aware of the consequences of his actions, and eventually he is offered forgiveness for "not knowing what he's doing," but his stupidity must not go unpunished. <br /> <br In Ford's film, there is occasional criticism of the alleged propagandistic support of a "terrorist" organization. While this attitude obviously depends on one's own views (I certainly do not know enough Irish history to make a judgment), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as selfless, committed and impartial, proud of Irish patriotism However, the main theme of the story is betrayal. Driven by intense poverty, an ordinary man betrays the confidence of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. The tortured Gypo is played mainly out of pity, and Victor McLaglen shows a powerful performance that betrays a lifetime of unsatisfactory existence, resulting in a terrible decision that condemns him to a restless death. "The Informer" was John Ford's first major Oscar success. He won a total of four awards (out of six nominations), including the best actor for McLaglen, who had deprived the statue of the triple favorite of "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935)". }, Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who rejected the award because of Union disagreements}.
