John Ford is one of the most influential and best-remembered American filmmakers in the history of the film. His name is usually associated with the Western film genre. However, John Ford's arguably best film is not a Western drama, but a shady drama that plays out in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer of 1935. Times are hard for many in Ireland and Ireland. Burnt out Gypo Nolan is in a network of Poverty and despair come - and the walls close. Gypo is tall, but he's not the brightest bulb on the tree, has a warm heart, but a quick fuse and never seems to think all through, but he's not a criminal or a selfish pig. On the streets that are hungry without living, finds Gypo Nolan, who is on the street, the first lady in his life, Katie Madden, who is asking for help because of her own desperate situation, and dreams of them in the To bring United States if he only went to the US had the 20 pounds to pay for it. Fortunately, his friend Frankie is in the city with a £ 20 over the head and Gypo is desperate enough to let police know about Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with the new £ 20 of money he's earning, finds this foggy night especially foggy as guilty feelings come upon him and the IRA invests all its resources to find Frankie's informant. Victor McLaglen portrays the fallen Gypo Nolan and definitely deserves the Oscar for Best Actor he received for this film. His brutal, stupid, and gentle turns give the character a dimension, and McLaglen is just the second-rate character of Dudley Moore's Arthur Bach from the Arthur movie of 1981 as the most entertaining movie drinker. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only members of the cast who really impress. Preston Foster is an abuse chiefly as an IRA chief, especially since he is obviously not an Irishman, and JM Kerrigan is irritating throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing side cast is the film's only drawback. <br /> <br /> The Informer is often overshadowed by some of Ford's more well-known Westerns such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance. Easily, The Informer is one of John Ford's best films - though not for the best. Starting with a long career of Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars, including one for him as best director in 1936. The use of shadows and light by Ford and the company in the film is particularly stimulating and important to telling the movie story. Gypos walk through the streets is told of the city's grim condition and the screaming allegations of the street lamps. Every shadow constantly reminds him of his dark act. It was amazing that Ford mastered this technique; If The Informer was produced ten years later (meeting the requirements of the genre), it would probably be considered one of the best films of all time. But this does not stop him from being remembered as an excellent classic movie.
