Maybe it's because I looked into the history of Irish problems in the 1920s, and then the sad civil war that flooded the Free State after signing the treaty before watching this movie. However, the sudden turnaround at the end brought tears to my eyes. Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was back then, and he should be better remembered. In this movie, I think he plays himself as if he was without his innate talent and mind. For example, the scenes in which his buddy in the crowd encourages men to fight him are reminiscent of what McLaglen did in previous years when he was a world-class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for this; The IMDb facts show how he led McLaglen to get a really bad hangover in the process scene. This director was also able to make a difference with such actors. Most of the time, however, McLaglen has control, especially when his character is almost completely blott (which is hard to believe for an actor), and he also plays Gypo Nolan with a depth and emotional power that is surprising for someone McLaglen later in his Career seen in "The Quiet Man". I especially like the contrast between this role as an IRA man and the much more obvious controlled performance he gave as IRA man Denis Hogan in Hangman's House. <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man" McLaglen is of course a squire who conflicts with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was big and bullied in the old sense of the word, but he was also a good actor and able to achieve a wide range and subtle nuances that we would not expect from such a man today. It's a pretty sad comment on our own expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> As usual, Ford packs a lot into a movie. All characters are excellent (though the chief American distraction of the commander distracts) - NOTE: There will be spoilers in front of you! - Knowing that Gypo once pulled the short straw and was ordered to kill a man instead of letting him finish, we really put ourselves in the man who pulls the short straw to execute Gypo, and humanity, which he shows the most, especially if they take Gypo in Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here. He has taken on a cruel yet expected result for the whole story and instead has given a totally unexpected and yet satisfying ending that makes us think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but also of poor Ireland during this tormented time.
