Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford's THE INFORMER, reminded me of the circus man from Fellini's LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn played the brutal man who may even have been influenced by McLaglen's pug-faced performance. The poverty-stricken Dublin is the true atmospheric environment of the picture that takes place in 1922. Heavy fog and a long, damp night are the main elements of a story about Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Army. The conflict of individuality and cause is what THE INFORMER is ticking. McLaglen's big, simple character just wants to go to America and we're often reminded by the price of a ticket. Two different signs become the psychological center of the drunken Irishman. One is the previous, the other a WANTED sign. Should he do it and get the money to go? John Ford once said, "My name is Ford. I make Western." After seeing this movie, he obviously could do much more. The serious social issues that are being dealt with here are heartfelt and those that you will think about. And the look of the piece is amazing, consisting of long dark shadows that plunge into a miserable night in Ireland. Ford has always been known for its brilliant, brilliant cinematography that helped predict the conflicts within its characters. It's heavy in color, but he did it in pictures like THE SEARCHERS, which sometimes paint John Wayne wickedly. The performance of Victor McLaglen benefits not only from the lighting, but also from the simplicity of his acting. He pushes a lot. He hits people down. He is a brute who does not know any better. However, he should know if he has to cross the IRA or not. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to find out the details. See also for McLaglen and Ford's patriotic portrayal of the IRA. The score by Max Steiner is innovative in how it matches the gestures of the characters and emphasizes them more. This was usually only seen in silent movies, especially in Chaplin. The topic attribution or "informing" is of course still important. Just look at how the media handled this year's Oscars and pay much attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
