I remember watching this night late on black and white TV long before a live action version flashed in Peter Jackson's eyes ... and I was very impressed. At last, I got my hands on a VHS copy that was thrown away this week (and is not that a matter of course ...?). I had a chance to revisit this movie, and found that he still gets up quite well. It's not quite the success the memory painted. <br /> <br /> I have to admit a certain inclination here. Some critics claim to be confirmed Jackson lovers, others Jackson haters. I'm not exactly like that. I was a supporter of Brian Sibley's BBC Radio adaptation, first aired in 1981, and immediately recognized the voice of Gollum - Peter Woodthorpe would repeat this performance perfectly for radio almost thirty years later. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the Bakshi version, although I found Jackson's films an increasingly yielding disappointment, though cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are the usual understandable changes (here it is Legolas and not Arwen who replaces Glorfindel as an elf sent by Rivendell to the party) and there are plenty of telescoping actions. (The only exception to the latter, as others have noted, is the strangely extended sequence at the Rivendell ford, where the Ringwraiths have shown that they can freeze and retreat Frogo during the flight - which they then reinsert into defying them Crossing the river - for some inexplicable reason they chase him in a longer, straight gallop that is initially nightmarish but pointless, plottish and definitely takes too long.) I would agree with the Balrog It is unsatisfactory, partly due to bad animations is, and that Gandalf is winding his arms too much. <br /> <br /> But after seeing both approaches to the movie, more than ever I feel like the animated way is the right one. In a half-mythical story (strangely enough, one thing that includes an excerpt from Aragorn's story of Beren and Luthien) is the extreme vocabulary needed for live-action filming, from monsters to mailers. Shirts to Be Created To appear in detail in front of the camera is counterproductive: latex-faced monsters (or CGI monsters) are less monstrous than sketchy shapes, heroic costumes look rather stupid on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarves with non-human body proportions are easy to animate, but hard to convince. Many critics have called the sniffling Ringwraith in the woods with his crippled, half-human movements one of the scariest moments in the movie - he stupidly scared me when I saw him alone in the dark for the first time! <br /> <br /> The extreme styling of the introduction (plus a skillfully done voice-over to summarize the backstory in a few sentences) works very well to represent an almost mythical era and change. Rusticism of the Shire - I especially like the Proudfeet - is similar to the similar tone change of Tolkien's prose. I felt there were some missed opportunities where the potential of the animation could be used very effectively: Gandalf threatened Bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes; Bilbo, under the influence of Ringlust, seemed to become a Gollum-like creature Rivendell and Galadriel's famous temptations were all drawn more or less straightforwardly, and it would have been a triviality to distort the scene to reflect the hobbit's altered perceptions. But in general, the changes in detail and color palette - firelight tones at Bree, bright colors in Rivendell and Fangorn Glade, dirty gray and brown shades for Moria and the desolate countries - are well suited to reflect the mood of the various areas Episodes where a live-action approach simply does not blur the background or sketch in a stylized setting. <br /> <br /> As a fan, I was not interested in either Jackson's or Bakshi's portrayal of Lothlorien - I feel that the soundscape of the radio was the best memory I have found in a beautiful, somewhat weird forest paradise that was torn from time - and I have the feeling that Bakshi was pretty bad at the time the elves, but I like the small assembly at this point, in which the various members of the company after their efforts in Moria together relax. Aragorn, who gives a Hobbit-Fencer class here, is just as appealing (and as uncanonical) as Boromir, who deals with the hobbits in Hollin in the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> The presentation of Aragorn as a convincingly weather-beaten ranger is good in this movie (Viggo Mortensen's Crippled Jesus Appearance really did not work for me), though it would have been interesting to see how they intended to do that Figure in the second half to clean Gondor's advantage. John Hurt gives an excellent vocal performance, as well as William Squire's swinging part of Gandalf. I suppose the hobbits should reflect contemporary youth as spectator identification figures: I find that the animated style (whose proportions are much more 'cartoonish' than those of the human characters) works well to distinguish them, and the whole 'hairy' that, what is depicted here is far more plausible than in more literal representations, including many fan art. Personally, I have less objection to Boromir than Viking - he was always a pretty bloody guy - - rather than the bearded Aragorn (illogical: after all, they were both Numenorians), even though I'm clearly in a minority here! <br /> <br /> The big mistake in this picture is always the fact that it is so was an unfinished project, with a bizarre tackled voice-over trying to solve things. A shame; It would have been interesting not to be less frustrating to see what Bakshi from Shelob and Minas Tirith wanted to do, no matter what the dead are ...
