With the release of the famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy by Peter Jackson, it's even easier to reject Ralph Bakshi's 1978 animated Lord of the Rings film as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the essential filming of Tolkien's work, but that does not stop me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering work. Jackson has admitted that he has at least received some inspiration from Bakshi's film, and there are some clear similarities between their adaptations. <br /> <br /> The colorful scenic backdrops of the film are excellent and the score is memorable. The drawings of the characters have satisfied me for the most part. The pairs of Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are visually barely distinguishable, the Balrog and the Treebeard were inconspicuous, but these points did not bother me much. However, the Nazgul are appropriately drawn and sufficiently scary. The only characterization that bothered me was Sam's; he was made to look unusually stupid. <br /> <br /> This movie is new because of its animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are integrated into the animation through rotoscoping. It is obvious which characters were drawn by hand and which were rotoscoped, but nevertheless I found that the style of the film was a novelty. The use of rotoscopic live actors for the fight scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes to a good result. <br /> <br /> The voice output was generally of high quality. Especially good was John Hurt, who gave Aragorn a decisive voice. Aragorn is not a favorite character in my stories, but with John Hurt's voice he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is strong enough for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed out of place was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose vocal drama was irritating and contributed to Sam's unfortunately stupid image. The only other annoying part of the voice is the misrepresentation of letter and place names. Especially strange was the decision to call Saruman often as "Aruman". In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi expected the ability to produce two films. Therefore, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning of The Fellowship of the Ring to the end of the Battle of Helm's Deep in The Two Towers. The obvious implication is that the story of the film is a heavily condensed version of the story from the books. I like the original stories and more thorough adjustments, but the freedoms used to compress the story did not bother me, even the decision to let Arwen out of the story. There were enough key elements of the story in this film to tie me in for the duration of the engagement, and it was even a novelty to be able to blow half of the Lord of the Rings story in 132 minutes. The fighting scenes were impressive and especially the orc march to Helm's Deep and his fight were enormous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and no doubt a number of lords readers complain about the cuts in the story. For me, however, the drawbacks of this film were marginal compared to the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a large trilogy. My only strong complaint is that I can not see the second part of this "first big story" of "The Lord of the Rings" because Bakshi has not been given the budget for a sequel.
