Peter Jackson's version (s) are better films from an objective point of view. That being said, they are not my favorite screen versions of Lord Of The Rings and let me explain why. <br /> <br /> Firstly, Jackson LOTR's acting on screen is just too ordinary and uninspiring. The whole cast is executed too much by the mill. "Do you claim that these stupid comic characters of the Ralph Bakshi version are better actors than real people?" You might ask Well, they are not really stupid (except hobbits, later on them) and they certainly have more personality than Jackson's party - even with much limited dialogue time. And that's because of the superior vocal power of the Bakshi LOTR. Take, for example, Aragorn. In this version, his voice is deep and charismatic with authority (Aragorn, the Lord) and with an experienced rasp (Aragorn, the Ranger). This is due to John Hurt's brilliant voice. Compare that to Viggo Mortensen's rather high sound without a soul, and the duel quickly becomes unbalanced: Hurt beats Mortensen with all his strength. <br /> <br /> And then there's Gandalf. Probably the most dominant (and most popular) character in the entire saga. In this Bakshi version, Gandalf (William Squire) is a true magician. And I do not mean that he shoots bolts from the fingertips (he does not), but his presence is simply fascinating. He is mystical, powerful and can easily change from a gentle old man to an eerie person. His looks: tall, old like the old oak, beardy body, sharp eyes, magic hooked nose and of course the classic wizard's hat. A perfect Gandalf, just like in the books. Ian McKellen's Gandalf, on the other hand, is just too boring. He looks too human, sounds too human, too human and does not wear a hat or swing a sword. Yes, a sword. In this Bakshi version, Gandalf scores a couple of bloody orc killings with his sword (as in the books). And these are stylish slow motion kills. Gandalf is not a power to do anything with. And it should be noted that the great Christopher Lee, although I'm saddened not to say that, did not bring Saruman to life. Fraser Kerr in this movie also did so with very limited screen time and lines. Before I fully explore the visual aspects of the film, it should be noted that the voice output and general presentation of the movie Orcs are also superior to Jackson's ostensible evil. Bakshi's orcs constantly mock their enemies (or each other) with growls, screams and malicious speech. They are more believable than monsters and, in my opinion, more faithful to the book. And finally the Black Riders - or the Nazgul. These ultimate villains are sinister ghosts in this case - not just some black drivers. And they speak in a haunting voice that fascinates their victim. My favorite scene in the movie is when the Nazgul Frodo haunt near the river. While Peter Jackson could do nothing but show the drivers how they were pursuing the party, with some cool slow-motion scenes and thundering skies, Bakshi throws Jackson's nightmarish dream, the latter being even better, if technically. And that's because of some key visuals. As you know, Bakshi LOTR features a mix of animated characters (all hobbits and the lead actor) and real actors covered in paint. Actually, I do not have a problem with using real people that way in the animation, but they just do not go well with traditional cartoon characters. This is especially true for humans (riders of Rohan, tavern people, etc.). Orcs are a different matter, as they should be clearly different from other characters. Orcs played by animated people are far superior to Jackson's version. They have brownish-green skin, shiny red eyes, flat face and sharp teeth. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistakes in these movies are the hobbits. I prefer almost every character in the Bakshi version to Jackson, who has clearly superior hobbits, in fact they are perfect. With Bakshi you get some irritating and rather poorly drawn humanoid Disney bamboos. And you are forced to spend a lot of time with them, so be warned. Again, the voice is fine, but the actors' mouths can not save the "immersion damage" caused by these little weasels. Well, I never liked those halflings anyway. <br /> <br /> General errors in the Bakshi script are well known. Limited playtime (with limited budget) and many missing scenes. Although this film covers almost half of the story, it does not go into detail in comparison to Jackson's version. <br /> <br /> In a summary, the Ralph Bakshi version of LOTR has a superior: <br /> <br /> - overall atmosphere (feels more like middle-earth) - overall speech output - music (I really ditch The fantasy score by Kont & Rosenman) -Gandalf -ragorn (one of John Hurt's best roles) -King Theoden-Orcs -Black Riders -Elrond (He's not a fairy hippie in this role!)> While the Jackson version is better : <br /> - because it covers the entire story - overall visual effects and special effects - Gollum / Smeagol - Balrog - Hobbits - Lord of the Rings by Ralph Bakshi is, despite its known shortcomings, one of the best animated films ever made and captures The atmosphere of Tolkien's fantasy world is very good, if not perfect. I give a rating of 8½ out of 10 points.
