I like this movie and it annoys me that so many "reviewers" rank it below the Peter Jackson trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretive; In particular, an animated film depends on the vision of the artist and should be judged according to their own criteria. As a purist, this is a finer tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. While this film has its weaknesses, it remains true to the source, especially as far as the characters are concerned. <br /> <br /> In the Jackson version, Tolkien's Frodo is barely recognizable: from the very first scenes he is portrayed as a weakling, constantly vacillating, manipulated by forces around him and never standing on his own two feet (this is physical and metaphorically true.) You wonder why fate has chosen this limp biscuit to carry the one ring to the Cracks of Doom. Jackson unforgivens Tolkien and robs Frodo of his best moment when he allows Arwen to save him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original and presents a Frodo demanding the spirits, "Go back and do not worry more!" Bakshi maintains Frodo's character when Tolkien designed it. We see its decline with increasing load. Frodo is so important to Lord of the Rings that one wonders why Jackson took such liberties (he does so with numerous characters) as character development brings the conspiracy to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores the camaraderie between Legolas and Gimli in a few clever scenes that are completely absent in Jackson's version. Similarly, we see Boromir petting with Pippin and Merry and promoting the idea of ​​community. For my taste, the camaraderie in the animated version is more developed than in the live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important part of the novels, and Bakshi pays tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: When Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn", just minutes before stumbling in Strider. The happy melody is juxtaposed with the darker theme music as seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the ghosts, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the movie and shivers when I see it. <br /> <br /> The well-documented budget and time constraints limit the film's final impact, but if completed, it would have demanded more viewership. As it is, it is worth a look. Even his critics admit that Peter Jackson derived much of his inspiration from this prototype.
