Godard once said that one way to criticize a movie is simply to make a movie, and probably the strongest way you could do it, when you make Ralph Bakshi's take on Tolkien's great opus, The Lord of the Rings, was actually done by Peter Jackson. The latest trilogy is not even an absolute masterpiece to me, but with each book they have enough room to breathe in all the postmodern techniques that are combined with classic storytelling to make them very good and intoxicating conversations. <br /> <br /> But as one who has not read the books, I now look at the two versions, live action (albeit partially animated in the style of great visual effects) and animated (albeit partially with Actuality) live action as a framework) in terms of just the basic story, not even the complete fidelity to the books. And in a way, Bakshi's version is almost not fair, because what we see is really not the complete vision, not what Jackson really had (probably the final cut). Deprived of the great climax of the return of the King of History, and after the other two parts were in a hurry, I finally liked it more for what it was doing within its limits, though these limitations find it disappointing. <br /> <br /> What's interesting, after seeing the Jackson films for the first time - which I regret a bit, that I may have reacted differently when I was younger than five years ago - is the basic element of the story never mess with. All that is really required to tell the story of the Companions is actually pretty intact, and if anything that might have been even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book is clarified in this section. The actors who play the roles of the hobbits and the other heroes are more or less sufficient for the roles, some of which stand out (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of additional characterization makes things seem a little sober to those who have not even seen the other films or read the books and can not relate them. But there is always some interest in the characters, and there is a more old-fashioned sensibility in the midst of the great aura that is more. This is not a garden variety of Disney adaptation warts and everything, this is a Bakshi movie whose underground animation roots collide with the mythical world of Middle-earth. <br /> <br /> And what brings Bakshi and his animation team to it The film is the one who ends up giving what appears on screen in all its abbreviated form, hit or miss appeal. The form of the film is not complete not only as a film or as a story, but also as an experiment to see if something can be completely rotoscoped. The results ultimately bring what appears to be retro, but of course that was a raw, crazy inspiration for the filmmakers at the time. Could it be better with more traditional drawn animations? In some parts yes; It stands out a bit, as in Bakshi's American Pop, that the main characters move a bit shaky, like a comic book made in a different way. Nevertheless, I admired much, what was done. <br /> <br /> The orcs, for example, were truly amazing in their surreal environment. They may be the best part of combining animation over live action, especially in areas where no slaughter material is present (this is really the area where you can miss everything because there is no continuity) good and bad rotoscopy), and the chiaroscuro comes through with large shapes on the back of the horse. It's scary in a good way. And the backgrounds, though very rough and sometimes too sketchy, are nice with the color blends and colors. It's almost something for art film fans and ring nuts. <br /> <br /> So how would I recommend this animated version of Lord of the Rings? I do not know, to tell the truth. It's certainly a good score over the other Tolkien animated movie, the hobbit (and I have not seen the animated ROTK yet), and there are real art skills. There are also a few flattened dialogues, an all-too-fast Two Towers segment with the most intriguing character Gollum reduced to maybe two scenes. And if you see something like that fragmented, the completeness of the newer films is only amplified. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of the books that are thinking of figuring that out, I'd say it's worth a shot, even if it's one of those chances that you'll watch out for forty minutes and then decide if you want to quit it or not. What fits in with Bakshi's other films is an impressive, ambitious and spotty achievement that, like Lynch's Dune, inevitably draws a dark, Mordor-like line in the sand between those who hate it passionately and those who who do not like it. t. Not me.
