This is pretty good as an animated film from 1978 - generally far beyond the standard of the times when Disney had not done well for years (and Tolkien did not care much about Disney). It offers important points for an innovative and careful camera work, whereby cinematographic techniques are used relatively successfully. The multiple rotoscoping works pretty well, especially with the Ringwraiths and the opening narration. However, it is so drastically overburdened - possibly as a money-saving technique - that it detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that makes Wraith's uncanny and beyond does not fare well in the Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> As for customizing the story, it's actually pretty good. We lose little pieces here and there, minor details like Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville Bagginses. We are compressing a few characters, for example Legolas as Elrond's household and an old friend of Aragorn reworked, but that's a wise decision for the movie. Books have room to include references to the larger world of elves and the great history of Middle-earth. In the film, you swap that for image and sound, which convey the same elements in different ways. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have minor disagreements on some changes, I'm generally quite happy with it. <br /> <br /> If only the cursed writers had managed to remember Saruman's name - he is often referred to as Aruman, a decision that was probably made to distinguish him from the Sauron of the same name; It took me a second visit before I was sure I did not get it wrong. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody Viking and irritable from the beginning. However, Gandalf is outstanding and the rest of the votes are excellent for the most part. If only John Hurt were not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, as the movie ends up at the heart of the story, there's a huge disappointment in it. What makes him far, much worse, is the overall miserable work of the Rankin & Bass crew on the sequel. That they were allowed to perform the king's return after the hobbit's slaughter remains a great mystery. They seem more interested in bad songs than in real storytelling. Despite all its mistakes, the heart of this film is firmly anchored and it is very difficult to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming film series remains true to its vision ...
