More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation of "The Lord of the Rings", there was this 1978 animated effort by director Ralph Bakshi. An ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, unfortunately overshadowed by the Jackson trilogy. In fact, many reviewers here on the IMDb (mainly those who have seen the newer version first) seem to be very rude to this version ... but if you use a little common sense, it takes into account the time it's created The technical possibilities that existed at the time will make you realize that this is a pretty good movie. Shortly after watching this cartoon in the early '80s, I searched Tolkien's book and instantly became a lifelong fan of these highly detailed Middle Eastern adventures. In a way, I owe a certain amount of credit to this film, because it's the film that has forever shaped my literary taste. Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, forges an almighty ring that gives him a mighty ring of incredible power. After a great battle defeating Sauron, the ring is owned by a king named Isildur ??. But instead of destroying it, he stupidly decides to keep it. For centuries, the ring has passed from hand to hand, eventually becoming the property of a hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peace-loving community called The Shire. Frodo learns from a sorcerer named Gandalf that his ring is indeed The One Ring, the very same one Sauron forged centuries ago, and that his master is again seeking to restore his dark power over the land. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other Hobbit companions, but every step of the way is hunted down by Sauron's Ringwraiths, the Black Riders. There are many adventures in which a company of nine adventurers is formed to lead the ring to the only place where it can be "unmade". Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the border with Mordor, who is getting closer and closer to their terrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of the company in the legendary fortress Helm's Deep fight against a huge army of orcs. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. A second installment was planned to end the story, but unfortunately was never completed. The ending feels abrupt, but ends at least at a meaningful point in the story. You have to be a bit frustrated and regret that there is no sequel where we could follow this animated hero to their final destination. The animation is passable and offers a variety of settings and characters that are presented in interesting details. The music of Leonard Rosenman is correspondingly exciting and adapts perfectly to the epic narrative. The speakers are also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who delivers the voice for Sam - is more belligerent and stupid, which is not suitable for the character. The Lord of the Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the stunning book on which it is based.
