In my opinion, despite its shortcomings (which I claim to be only a few), this film is an absolute masterpiece and a magnificent and glorious work of art. <br /> <br /> What Mr. Bakshi did here is to make a very nice movie and has shown his tremendous talent and versatility as a director of animated films. He does not receive 1/100 of the merit he has earned when he has literally saved the animation art for an adult audience. Without Mr. Bakshi, I do not think the animation survived the Disney attack. In addition, with "The Lord of the Rings", he has created not only a beautiful animated film, but also a completely new art form - unfortunately one that has never quite made it. <br /> <br /> Most people will complain about the use of rotoscoping in the film (the use of live-action images, which are used as background images and are often animated with various techniques, from small tints to full-blown animations). However, I feel that the people who complain about it simply can not accept an art form that is out of the norm. No, this is not a Disney animation. No, it's not live action. No, it's not "cheating" - it's a new, intriguing and totally wonderful art form. Something so fresh and so new that it feels at home in a fantastic story like The Lord of the Rings. Bakshi's groundbreaking application of this technique brings the subtleties of Middle-earth to life. This is a very dark and mysterious way. In particular, the darker creatures of Tolkien, especially the Nazgul, are realized so that traditional animations or live action were not possible to achieve. <br /> <br /> The script by Peter S. Beagle (based on an early Chris Conkling design, as I understand it) is a very faithful adaptation of Tolkien's works. Wherever possible, he uses the dialogue directly from the novel and feels at home in the world Bakshi has created. There are many cuts made to fit the first book and 3/4 in a single 2-hour, 15-minute movie, but there are very few changes in the plot. There are a few holes that would have been nice to be filled: the reforging of Narsil, the gifts of Galadriel, the Huorns at the Battle of Hornburg, but also the time constraints he had (already the longest animated film) in the story), these are certainly understandable (although one wonders how they could have been explained in a sequel). <br /> <br /> There are also the delightful (one of my favorites) scores of Leonard Rosenman (who also scored Barry Lyndon and Star Trek IV (the score clearly based on his LotR work) audacious and, dare I say, perfect as an orchestral triumph, but when coupled with the images of the film, it enters a whole new world of symphonic perfection, so far from the typical Hollywoodland fare that it does The speakers are wonderful, especially John Hurt as Aragorn, who is currently pervading the essence of Strider. <br /> <br /> The character design is also wonderfully unique, though not often to everyone's liking, but remember that the director of an adaptation is to show you what he / she imagines, not what you have imagined, and so Aragorn will become a distinctive indian A sense of humor and Boromir appears in a Viking inspired garb. This may not be what you imagined, but I can only thank Mr. Bakshi for showing us what he "saw". It's also worth noting that he spent a lot of time with Priscilla Tolkien to develop the character outfits for the movie. Another word - the Flight to the Ford sequence, in my opinion, is one of the most subtle beautiful sequences ever captured on celluloid. Bakshi is not afraid to slow down the pace for a moment, and his championship is clearly reflected in the unbelievable tension that can build. Bakshi's artistic talents and Tolkien's incredible work merge in this sequence into a glorious peak that has not yet been reached. <br /> <br /> The latest DVD release (2001) by Warner Brothers is painfully missing. We can give our eternal thanks for the movie being finally available in widescreen format, but the package is extremely limited in extras. How wonderful it would have been to have a comment from a director who was able to see the 20 minutes of additional footage removed for the movie release. Another delightful addition could have been the compiled live action material that was later animated. The DVD release also includes the extremely dreadful voiceover at the end of the movie, which is a departure from the simple voiceover that has occurred in the last few frames of the movie. This version is plastered over the musical climax of the score and rendered poorly. <br /> <br /> The biggest tragedy of all is, of course, that the sequel was never made. We'll never be able to see Bakshi's interpretation of Gondor, Shelob, Faramir, Cracks of Doom, Eowyn's fight with the Witch-king, or Gandalf's confrontation with him. We will never be adorned with Bakshi's image of Denethor or the Palatir or the paths of the dead. It's a shame, beyond shame, that we end up having to accept Peter Jackson's glitter and glitter Hollywood, the action-movie version of these later events in Tolkien's masterpiece, but I even think it's better than not having a cinematic version all. <br /> <br /> David
