There is no doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne has some claim to be the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventure stories, using wonderful inventions as tools for action. Wells was profound and brought his stories subtext. Perhaps its greatest inheritance is that there is little evidence that people believed in life on other planets before the twentieth century, where many people, including Richard Dawkins, find this almost certain. Of course there is no evidence and one can not wonder if Wells introduced human thought. Undoubtedly it was Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> THINGS TO COME was adapted by Wells himself to his own novel. However, it is quite obvious that he can not tell the difference between the technical aspects of writing novels and writing scripts. The dialouge is often laden, cumbersome and unconvincing. An example of this is the two pilots from the opposing side who discuss the nature of the war. "Why do we have to kill each other, why?" This reflects the criticism that lies near Wells' naked contempt for his essay Wells, Hitler and the World State. And it is true that Wells's anti-war message is painfully exaggerated. It is impossible to believe that a conversation between an RAF pilot and his counterpart took place a few years later in the Luftwaffe. That said, it was absolutely fascinating to see a 1935 film that predicted a worldwide war. In 1940, the end of civilization is over. There is an eye-catching and haunting image as a child beats a drum as a phantom army marches in the background and the collapse of society and the fear of wandering sickness are wonderfully realized. Even the rather lazy story of showing the year of the scenery has a compelling nature. It is the images that make up this film along with Arthur Bliss's score that make the film so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks, "The universe or nothing, what should it be?". In short, this is a movie whose shortcomings are easy to forgive
