This was the most expensive movie when it was produced. Sir Alexander Korda and H. G. Wells were both disturbed by the poor ratings - and with good reason. It was and remains far ahead of its time. Apart from the seemingly bad direction, which is likely to be edited in the beginning, the work comes to a stunning conclusion. Whether the role of Sir Ralph Richardson or that of his wife, Sir, even better is Cedrics, as an opponent of space exploration, Raymond Massey's "John Cabal" center role - all deliver amazing performances. <br /> <br /> the scene with mr. Korda's incomparable sentence of the little girl child, who runs to an absolutely unprecedented scene and says: "Life is getting more beautiful and beautiful"? This quickly brings tears to the parents / grandparents. This is not a movie for young people - except experienced, and more likely, those who have seen the horror against which he resists. Certainly, the "fake parachute jump", looks hokey with a "magnetic cannon", which is now called "mass driver" can be considered ridiculous, compared to missiles --- Sir Korda give a break - Wells has this choice met. And with $ 8 million, this movie went far beyond the "over budget" - so he focused on what he could do. The true power of this greatest movie rests in John Cabals' concluding statement about the fate of man - his friend "Passworthy" doubts the wisdom of space travel and says, "We are so small animals." John Cabal's correct answer is (paraphrased): "Yes, little animals, and if that's all we are, we have to live and die as such." They are under a large astronomical telescope. He strokes his hand over the night sky. "But we may have the whole universe or nothing." - Then the last choir breaks in - "What should it be?" - This is not "Star Wars", "Blade Runner" --- Anything you can think of as "great" --- this is the real thing. <br /> <br /> I remind everyone of Steven Hawking's recent address in his latest "Medal of Honor" --- "Humanity must leave the earth or die." - the crux of this work --- I love "standard Entertainment "--- but this" relic "for the wise spectator offers much more. "What should it be?" Being in the right 'mood' - whatever that takes - that will take your breath away - I 'guarontee' - overall, for humanity? the most important cinema. <br /> <br /> Since posting, I've noticed that many have commented on the bad "media quality" of the "survival" examples. In the 1980s, I developed a "proprietary" colorization process that required a "clean" original. This led me to Michael Korda, who sadly realized that everyone had disappeared - so we must be happy, what remains - sad, but true?
