If the scientists had behaved so that H. G. Wells was confident they would do so in the future, the story would not have been quite what it would have been in Things To Come. It was nearly 80 years past the point where Wells wrote The Shape Of Things To Come, on which this film is based, and not closer to the world he describes than before, in some ways farther away. <br /> <br /> Although players as good as Raymond Massey, Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardwicke are in the cast, they are more caricatures than real characters. It's the main weakness of the film, it's about Wells's philosophy of science, it's solving all the problems and the rest of us are crazy fools. Massey's characters, two generations of the same family, have this extremely optimistic view. Cedric Hardwicke is a skeptic who believes that man is storming too far forward. And Ralph Richardson is a warlord who emerged from the destruction of another thirty-year war with modern weapons. Since the atomic bomb was not invented, poison gas was considered a weapon that almost destroys humanity. <br /> <br /> According to Wells, science and conquest can never mix. Scientists as a group are much too far above politics to deal with such things. At Wells's lifetime, the scientists certainly fled the right-wing fascist governments of Hitler and Mussolini. However, to defeat them, these people subordinated themselves to the Allies and built the nuclear weapons that brought modernity. If they had behaved as Wells would have wished, someone like Albert Einstein would have run a junta of scientists who would have created a new order after the Second World War. <br /> <br /> Wells has done it wrong both in time and in development. He never looked at the computer as well as nuclear power. Computer programmers are much more likely to be our rulers in a brave new world than scientists at the moment. Still Things to Come, supported by William Cameron Menzies and the resulting sets, offer an interesting insight into H. G. Wells, certainly a respected thinker of his time, though he did not have the right form of Things To Come.
