The first two parts seek to reduce the appearance of lavish wars and the rule of nationalist barbarians to absurdity. The third part speculates that progress and exploration towards the Moon and beyond are the key to meaningful use of human resources and resources. There are speeches that dismiss some viewers as naive or bombastic, while others tickle with excitement. It shows a space gun and a helicopter and mass communication devices according to the invention, elevators, flat screens and wireless intercoms. It is probably wrong to have windowless buildings in the future. However, it shows a childish vision of limitless scientific / technological investigation. <br /> <br /> For me it seems to be a film about a group of rational thinking thinkers who, in search of an immortal Spinozean-like moral, are guided by themselves and live ethically through scientific progress and a unified world government. The pro-progress characters (like the two cabalists) believe that humanity can "live forever" by preserving our experiments and progress for future generations and always standing on our humanity as if they are standing on the shoulders of giants , <br /> <br /> Arthur C. Clarke (author of 2001: A Space Odyssey) suggested Stanley Kubrick as an example of an excellent SF film. Kubrick hated it and said he would never see another movie based on Clarke's suggestions (Source: Clarke's special millennial introduction to his 2001 novel). Although the late Clarke always beat him to the top of his list when someone asked him about the best SF movies. It has a beautiful Menzies art design, but mediocre special effects (especially the toy tanks). <br /> <br /> Personally, I loved it and I think it perfectly captures the zeitgeist of modern times. It is a bit naive in the plausibility to create a society without crime for a long time. It also seems implausible that progress is inevitable. It seems to us that we might as well return to the Dark Age, or at least stagnate in science, to kill ourselves by overpopulation or the inability to escape the next great natural disaster. However, it nicely illustrates the importance of taking risks against the indignation of the population and the nanny for potential space-related and death-related threats. It challenges us to choose the side of progress over insignificant desires for security, security or happiness: CABAL: "Too much rest and too soon, and we call it death, but for MAN no rest and no end." He must go on - Conquest beyond conquest, this small planet and its winds and paths, and all the laws of mind and matter that hold it back, then the planets around it, and finally beyond the vastness of the stars, and if it is all the depths of space and all He will still start secrets of time. "<br /> <br / CABAL:" When we are nothing more than animals, we have to catch our little tears and live and suffer and get through, no matter how the others Animals - or have done. " {He points to the stars.} "That's it - or the whole universe - or nothing ..." (quotes from the script). <br /> <br /> If that sounds like a rationalization If the whole society is dedicated to progress, the Council members (the World Government) will act like technocrats. In fact, these "technocrats" allow their citizens to become artisans or to pursue other passions freely, and they must be suppressed by government bans, laws against science and experiment, and other mandates and restrictive uses of power that would make their critics tyrants /> <br /> Indeed, a large group of rebels in the plot feel depressed by all the scientific and technological developments of the Council, so they try to put an end to progress and end the Council's freedom of experimentation. However, the Progressive Council will not repress the free expression of the rebels, it will only prepare its "peace gas" in emergency situations and only want the freedom and space to pursue its progress. <br /> <br /> It's also a story about the freedom to do science, just as it is about the wonders of progress. Many people in our society actually agree with some of these basic requirements, except in cases of social bias (for example, you want to ban cloning) or naturalism (some do not want us to move freely, and rather simply want to become extinct in due course) he is enslaved on earth) or fear / reason (some believe we are not ready for advanced science / technology, as we might be able to destroy ourselves). But Cabal (the President of the Council) has an answer to the problem of danger: "Our scientific revolution has not abolished death or danger, it has simply made death and danger worthwhile" (screenplay).
