H. G. Wells in 1936 was at his best and his books that are about to survive are long gone. He was at the end of his life and he was confronted with his dream. At the beginning of the twentieth century, he defended the idea that the world was doomed to failure, as species development, natural biology on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy, on the other, inevitably led to the victory of the weaker, the more so because of the simple number criterion. The weaker ones were the mass of humanity and the stronger the elite of the minorities. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of all who in any way weakened humanity. First of all, the non-Caucasians, with the exception of the Jews, who would disappear thanks to intermarriage. Then, within the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, the alcoholics, the mentally disabled, anyone who was genetically disabled, etc. That was not Hitler. That was H. G. Wells and that was not after the First World War. That was more than ten years ago. And twenty years before the First World War, he had published The Time Machine, which defended the idea that man's "race" would be left to his own devices and would see the differentiation of man because of the far-reaching cosmological evolution of life on earth. Breed "two kinds": The working class would become an underground, laborious species and the bourgeoisie an idle surface-type The point was in the novel that the surface-developed and weak idle species were the prey of the other species that were predators. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger, and politicians should stop this development by a strict eugenic policy.The first countries that followed this order were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last ones they did for some of them The film shows a vision of 2036 with a world government that is absolutely dictatorial, because there are no elections, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest, and the government is defeated by a man or a party is dominated by a man and his few council members, and in this future In the world, all humans are absolutely Caucasian. Wells could imagine that humanity is completely white by 2036. Amazing. Wells thought of a kind of rebellion, but that would be short-lived and lead to nothing. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization that conquers the entire universe as they contemplate the sky, its stars and planets. Frightening. And that was produced in 1936. All the more frightening because nowhere is the slightest mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. However, it is important to have this film in a well-restored edition because it is important to have a complete vision of H. G. Wells. We are obviously very far away from the brave new world of absolute "democratic" social selection or the animal farm of the dictatorship of the pig proletariat or the 1984 mid-dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is at least as frightening as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells to the British science fiction writers of his time. It would be unfair to go beyond that. This shows that in England during those first three decades of the twentieth century there was a tremendous amount of fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be somber, gloomy and in the form of a dead end of some kind. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
