"THINGS TO COME" movie review by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here's another wondrous sci-fi movie from another time and place. It's a movie I've only seen in cut-offs, but art should be considered as a whole. I experienced this movie as it was designed in a darkened theater on a screen with swirling film rolls and an audience to share it with. The audience and I were influenced by this movie! A woman who had witnessed the Second World War was stifled by the reminiscent ravages of war and replenished by the positive, if bold, ending. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold square block copy, similar to the "Superman" of yesteryear. It is not the title of the movie, but the title of the creator, and before other people, such as actors or the production, are listed, director William Cameron Menzies is up there! Who? You've probably seen his work "Around the World in 80 Days," "Yankee Pride," and "Gone with the Wind." He did not direct the sci-fi epic opera he and Mr. Wells created, but his film images, sets and design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> These pictures are very effective. I have seen images from many other films that have paid homage to this classic. The recently released "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is obvious, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasy", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow", "Night of the Living Dead" and more I I know, but what titles do I miss? These are real special effects. Scenes that have now been created using CGI are created with actors, large sets, and detailed models. This movie was shot in 1936 and it is obvious that it meant something to the other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, who made the music, and Korda, the producer, a masterpiece with message, warning, and preaching. The lines of Shakespearean actor Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson, and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes it sounds preaching, but I've also heard lines that I hear now. "These toys that kids have these days are not what I had as a kid," "It helps to improve their coordination," "What do we need books for, what do we need to read for?", "We do not need cars, there is no place to go, we have everything we need here. "" There will be no war. "But war is here! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal scripture on the wall. The never-ending war explodes on Christmas Eve. The little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is a picture that will probably always stay with me. This is the world of 1936, in which Hitler's appeasement was blinded. This war does not end. The poison gas of the air wars passes into the second act. <br /> <br /> It's another dark age. No government, no services and people have supported the war and fueled the war that nobody remembers. Plague, warlords and bullying to get the planes flying for fuel that no longer exists. The loved ones are shot in the street before they can carry the plague to another. Half way there is a wonderful vignette on the Rolls Royce, which is a much needed rest break. Inside is a futuristic level that announces the future. <br/> <br /> This future is the third act. The world has rebuilt itself with the help of this "weak animal". Helicopters fly in this movie even before they were invented. The helper of the plumber has other purposes than Dalek or Glenn Miller. Large plasma screens seduce the masses and speakers call people to demolish everything. "Beware of the concussion, you have been warned!" Warns the city father the rebellious population. So be warned, this movie might hit you as if it would hit me. There are a few cute miscues and miscalculations, but it's really worth considering to encourage idealism for thought, and I'd like to see this artful movie again. Others criticize the vision of Mr. Wells. It's very easy to work on things, costumes, and moody things in retrospect. I think Mr. Well's "Things to Come" is not about things, but about concepts, social trends, and philosophical ideals. Besides, we are just starting the new millennium and we are not in the next time. This is not a cheap cardboard box of British science fiction, but it pays to sing Epic Filmed Opera without singing, which as a whole has some minor flaws.
