I have to admit to this film a little disappointment; I had read a lot about how spectacular it was, but the actual futuristic sequences, the Age of Science, only claim a small part of the movie. The sets and are excellent when we come to them, and there are some amazing pictures, but this last sequence lacks many other aspects ... <br /> <br /> The best drama of the play is in the and then plays as a melodrama, which results from the science-fiction nature of "high concept" and an insufficiently robust dialogue. However, there are many more lives in this section, with the great Ralph Richardson gloriously sailed as a small dictator, the "boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's mannerism and the tight delivery of lines and rejected the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's restrained, confident visitor. This boss is a posing, convincingly deceived figure who is unable to discern the fritters of his kingdom ... It's not a great role, but Richardson does a lot of it. <br /> <br /> Every city itself is probably supposed to be England or at least an English city that is pretty representative of England. Interesting was the complete avoidance of any religious side of things; The "things that are coming" seem to be about a conflict between warlike barbarism and a belief in science that seems to have little end-goal, but just keep going on and on. There is a belated attempt to address some arguments and tensions regarding personal "life" in the last section, but one remains completely unsatisfied. The film has little interest in subtle complexities; every time it is a shattering spectacle and a subtle, dull moralism. And of course, I remember the finals of the secured bet: Raymond Massey laughs at how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> Regarding the question of whether the film is a prediction: I have to say that it is not all that bad, considering that you obviously allow it to be impossible to see the details of the movie To capture life so correctly. The bigger ideas have something to offer; a war in 1940, well, that was perhaps predictable ... For almost 30 years, mind!? A nuclear bomb - the "superpistole" or such device - in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we do not believe in independent nation states" - in the UK after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately nowhere near this, chaps! ;-) Here, no real policy is operated, which is a pity; All these surfaces are a very commendable anti-war sentiment. In general, it is assumed that the dictatorship - be it a boneheaded luddite fascist like under the boss or a scientific social democrat in the world - will be the deal *, and these implications are not addressed. We must remember that 1936 There was no understanding whatsoever of how Nazism and communism would evolve - or how they turned out - the lack of consideration for this aspect seems to be minor in other matters besides the filmmaker's vision. <br /> <br /> Many of the earlier things should - and could - have been cut in my opinion; Only the tiniest stuff from '1940' would have been necessary, but this segment is rather cumbersome, and it takes forever, until we get to the Richardson-Massey parts. I would have liked to do more with Margareta Scott. Anyone who is skeptical about a small thing and cuts a flashing Mediterranean figure for negligible purposes. The character will not be explored or declared open or exploited, except for a scene that I will not spoil, and their relationship with the boss is not explored; But then it was the 1930s and there was a widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman enjoys himself slightly in his two roles; In the first case as an unhappy guy who prayed for the war but was blatantly defeated by another Massey character. Massey himself helps a lot by playing his parts with a mixture of restraint and sombre gauo that contrasts well with a largely diffuse cast, with the exception of Richardson and Scott and Chapman, something. <br /> <br /> I would say "Things to Come" is undoubtedly a very extraordinary film made in the UK in 1936. indeed one of the few serious British science fiction films! His solid (piece) design and use of resources are heated and wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately too serious and sometimes everywhere. The direction tends to flatness, though occasionally it reinforces one or two scenic things. But the cameraman and Mr. Richardson are really saving things; an overwhelming sense of technology and an appealing, jerky performance that constantly beguiles. Such a shame is there so little substance or real cinematic idea of ​​the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect directors to undertake such a task - they are unsurpassed among British directors as daring visual storytellers, great helmsmen, and merchants in first-class dialogue. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come", as it stands, is a fascinating curiosity that is worth reading, but it lags far behind a "metropolis" ... "In fact, it's" silly "In Well's words, as the feature film with nothing like the amazing power of it.
