This early science fiction masterpiece by Herbert George Wells with music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful piece of film. Adapted to Wells' slightly different work by the author, it shows a view of the human future with the theme of wartime versus peacetime. The structure looks like the script allows for war after a contrasting pair of episodes of normality and war-cloud gathering. Two families, the Cabells and the Passworthys, do not agree on what can happen. Hopefully, Passworthy considers the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, the doubter. Her city Everytown - apparently London - is being destroyed by a war with tanks, a blistering march by Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds people who live in the rubble of the former city under a "boss" who is brilliantly played by Ralph Richardson, whose wife, the lovely Margaretta Scott, is as intriguing to a dreamer as a dictator-type. He is trying to rebuild old World War I aircraft to attack a nearby hill tribe to complete his small kingdom. a young scientist complains that his work has constantly interrupted airline demands - eternal; This is Wells's commentary on war and progress. The survivors are also subject to the plague, which is called "migratory disease". Enter a modern flying machine led by the Cabell of the first section of the film, now part of Wings Over the World, an International Scientist Coalition that will end warfare forever. This aviation-suited modernist has fascinating conversations with the boss and his wife, whose appeal is obvious. Then Boss sends his plane against them, the scientists come with a huge number of aircraft and drop the "gas of peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the boss dies and fights too strongly against the pacification. The film then shows how ore is mined and slow steps made to become the bearers of a magnificent new futuristic city of towers. In section three, a future Cabell argues with a future Passworthy about the moral of human science. Passworthy wonders if they have a right to send men to the moon; Cabell is committed to people's right to progress and the need to broaden their horizons. The son of Passworthy and Cabell's daughter are sent the astronauts. Theotocopulos, a religious Luddite, makes a fiery speech on a large screen in the City Forum, launching an attack on the "space weapon" that will fire the new rocket from Earth's gravity. The culmination of the plot is the successful launching of the space gun; The Dissolution and the End is a talk by Cabell that praises value and science and is generally considered the deepest defense of the mind ever written. "It's all the universe - or nothing!" Cabell says Passworthy. "What should it be?" Raymond Massey may be Caball's biggest on-screen performance. he is thoughtful, merciful and rational, a true scientist. Cedric Hardwicke is the mob hacker who wants to end the age of science, perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman, who plays Passworthy, admirably embodies the voice of convention and fear. The plot is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. In the face of the extinction of mankind, the idea of ​​a civilization run by rebuilding researchers becomes plausible and credible to the viewer. This is a hit for director William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for everyone involved. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love. Within its constructed limits, this is a drama of a thinking man discussing two possible human futures - progress or its reactionary opposite.
