I was just a baby in arms when George Lucas impressed the world with his saga from this world. He told the adventures of the young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years later, I can appreciate the genius of Lucas and the unbelievable imagination with which he was blessed. In A New Hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories as he introduced us to such memorable characters as the brave Princess Leia, the Rougish Han Solo and the spirited Luke Skywalker, as well as the most vicious rogue, the sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back, he showed everything to show us that special effects can contribute to a story, and he managed to achieve something nobody thought could be possible on screen. He shot a film without end or beginning and it became a treat. The return of the Jedi is a fitting ending to a saga that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes Back ended up with the disguise of the lovable rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba's cabin and young Luke, who staggered from discovering a dreadful truth about his father, I felt that things were getting worse and worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask if the rebels could ever recover from this blow? In Lucas' breathtaking and captivating final chapter, we find ourselves on the edges of our seats from Hans's daring salvation from Jabba's palace to the final battle of the Death Star between Luke and Vadar, while Luke struggles between his duties as Jedi and rebel fighters and the attempt to reawaken the good, that he believes is still in his father's soul. Old friends like the fluent Lando Calrissian and the ever-lovable Chewbacca reunion for a final fight to end all battles as dark A dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the Emperor (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud, as he misses an Oscar is a mystery.) Desperate to turn Luke to the dark side, even though it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar Black with his red eyes, ghostly white disfigured face, and uncanny laughter, he is truly a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed master of the events that unfold. His new and improved Death Star is a catastrophe for the rebels, but the brave group is launching a final desperate attack to finally end the Empire's reign. <br /> <br /> Lucas has managed to integrate three different stories at once and keep the action going so that the audience is thrilled. We watch excitedly as Han and Leia try to knock down the shield around the Death Star of the Moon of Endor forest with the help of some adorable Ewoks (which I really do not pull out of the movie). In fact, I feel they offer a release from the tension of the battles on and in the Death Star) and are hampered by Legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers. We cheer for Lando and the other pilots as they face the mighty Imperial Fleet and risk life and limb to fly to the Deatn Star to destroy them once and for all. And we watch with bated breath as Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke to the Dark Side while he tries to turn his father back. <br /> <br /> But for me, this is the toughest and most compelling fight in Darth Vadar. For ROTJ is a fight of feelings and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emperor and the Empire and his paternal leanings towards Luke. I never thought a mask could show emotions, but you can see the confusion and pain in Vadar's face during the final scenes as the emporer turns against Luke. There is more depth and emotion in Vadar than I believed in a villain, especially a machine that a human could have, and I think that makes him so accessible. He is in conflict. The apprentice as well as the master. The victim as well as the villain. Without ruining the end too much, Vadar's final scene is the most poignant and wonderful in the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So what can I say? George Lucas is the master of the saga. Star Wars is the most compelling and compelling sagas I've seen in a long time and I have not seen any other saga rivals yet. The Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients needed to complete the Lucas Masterpiece. It's action, suspense, romance, tragedy, salvation, joy in one and the memorable characters, wonderful special effects and catchy music make both a great movie and an end that Lucas can be proud of.
