After "Empire Strikes Back" "" Return of the Jedi "is my second favorite movie from the Star Wars series. <br /> <br /> Luke went to Tattoine to rescue Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire secretly undertakes the construction of a new space station just like the previous Death Star. If this station remains fully built, the Rebel Alliance ends. Both Vader and the Emperor are impatient with the delay of the new Death Star, and they have to kill many of their commanders to have the project scheduled. R2 and C3po are to be found in the palace of Jabba Send a message from Luke to Jabba, where Luke pretends to be negotiating his life. He gives Jabba as a gift to R2 and C3po as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept the negotiations because he uses Han Solo as the jewel of his palace. (Han is still frozen in carbonite) Lando is hiding as Jabba's guard and Chewbacca is also given to Jabba by a reward hunter. When the same Hunter tries to save Han solo and makes him stay in human form again, we see that Princess Leia is indeed disguised. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leia's plan and takes her as his slave while Han is thrown away in Chewbacca's cell. Luke comes as a Jedi Knight to rescue his friends. On his first attempt to kill Jabba, he falls into Jabba's monster cell (Bantha), but kills her easily. Jabba is still angry and decides to hurl Han, Chewbacca and Luke into Sarlacc, a great creature from the desert who digs up "food" for 1,000 years. Luke, Han and Chewie are again successful in the landscape, and even Boba Fett dies when Han accidentally throws him into Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes after Han, Luke and Chewie as well as c3po and R2. <br /> <br /> All are safe again, Luke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his Jedi education, as well as his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and sick since he's 900 years old, and before he dies, Yoda tells Luke he does not have to exercise anymore, but to really be a Jedi, he has to go back to Vader fight. He confirms Luke that Vader is Luke's father and that there is another Skywalker besides Luke. In his last moments, Yoda Luke asks to remember his hints about the Shadow Temptation and to pass Luke his Jedi knowledge to other people. When Yoda dies, Obi Wan's ghost turns to Luke and tells him that Luke's father killed his good side Anakin to become Darth Vader, and that he is more machine than a man since he became a Sith. Luke continues to be concerned that he has killed his own father and says he feels his father still has kindness. Obi Wan tells Luke that his twin sister is Leia, and tells her why Luke and Leia have been separated since babies. He gives Luke his last advice and says if he refuses to kill Vader, the Emperor will win the war. <br /> <br /> At the same time, the Emperor tells Vader that he has to give him Luke when he shows up as Luke is stronger than before, and both must combine their efforts to get Luke to the dark side bring. Now we will have one of the best battles of the Star War series. When the Rebel Alliance wants to attack the new space station, the 'Death Star 2', Luke will confront Vader and the Emperor, and Leia, Han and Chewie will have the power field 'Death Star 2 'shut off the help of EWOKS. (little creatures that look like little bears) <br /> <br /> This is certainly one of the most exciting Star Wars of all!
