Okay, my title is a bit lame and almost sells this short movie. I remember seeing Siskel & Ebert '94 talking about this movie and then playing one or two clips. I was not a predatory guy (though I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice, and MC Hammer music). I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. Then S & E showed the scene in which the band explains how they chose their name (using a "dodgy" logic and a set of "invented" facts), and then another scene in which the band and their rival band both attend a band school to get involved (and of course NWH gives some "information" on how the rival bandleader is a loser because he received good grades and was on the yearbook committee). So I sent it off to see this movie. <br /> <br /> A few years later this thing turns up on HBO and I recorded it just to laugh my butt for hours. Yes, it has a kind of "Spinal Tap" rhythm. The documentarian also takes the same tone when setting up the clips, and the band follows a similar path (which I now call "behind the music") "Phenomenon - Smalltime band has good chemistry, gets famous, too much money too fast, strife, drugs, some kind of death, band breaks up, then it reconciles itself and ends with a hope for more albums in the future ... The only thing that's true is that you might band in Spinal Tap With a little more success in the past, though, Tap tightens in some places and is reduced in my mind to laughter, which is created by certain scenes Oh, that's his talk about backstage food, this is the place to go This is the place where the guy makes the pint-sized Stonehenge, etc ... <br /> <br /> Unlike FoaBH, the more "unexpected" humor too You can see some of it, but there is no joke for any joke n big setup. Sometimes the jokes flow somehow. Cundieff and the band's other actors had a real chemistry that worked. The direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a few other cartoon-style rappers worked really well. This seems to me like a movie that you look at once to get the main story and the laugh, and then go back and watch to catch the subtle jokes. And the songs. Is "My Peanuts" better than "Big Bottom" (by Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but both are damn funny. Tone Def's awful video during his "awakening" phase is so bizarre and yet so funny. <br /> <br /> I could go on for a while but save time and do not waste it on CB4. I saw the first half hour and got bored. At FoaBH you will not be bored. There are a few less funny moments, but you can never tell when something good will happen. Maybe my favorite scene, when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (if I've ever heard if she's ever heard anything), find out they've shared the same girl ... at one point you have these two directional guns on each other and next you know that the manager, the photographer, the girl and I think even tone def are in the room and show each other to change goals. And of course someone is shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that the managers of NWH had a similar fate as the drummers of Spinal Tap (although no one was spontaneously burned, I do not think so). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, although this is clearly more than the Hip Hop spinal cord. Although there are some similarities, the humor is different and the film looks more like a real documentary (perhaps because we do not recognize a single actor in this affair, even the guy who played "Lamar" of "Revenge of the Nerds"). , All in all, this movie in my opinion has "street legal". Somehow NWH likes.
