In my opinion, for various reasons, this movie is the weakest movie in the original Star Wars trilogy. However, at the end of the day, there is a winner, despite all the shortcomings. It is still a very good movie, though its quality depends largely on the characters built up in the parent installments. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the look of the movie. t very consistent with the other 2 movies. I have attributed much of this to the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first 2 films have this dirty, lived-in look with all the technology and so on. In "Jedi" on the other hand, even the rebels look as if they had just stepped out of the shower and had their uniforms dry cleaned. This leads to a much less structured film. The creatures were also overly muppet-like and cute. At this point, it seems that the filmmakers have been more concerned with creating the templates for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself. Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" has created a whole new experience in the cinema and "Empire" has brought us into strange worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" recycled the scenes of the first film. First we're back on the desert planet Tatooine, and then we see them facing another Death Star (maybe the Emperor did not think anything new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan might). We also have these Ewoks, which are just disgusting teddy bears, in a recycled version of what the big Wookie fight at the end of "Star Wars" should be if they did not run out of cash. It just feels like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" for me is the poor handling of the Han Solo character. While starring in the first two films, he fights for the screen time and exchanges a liner with the droids. Instead of a real drama, we remain under the false pretension that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the conclusion of "Empire", in which she had shown her love for him, would never have happened. The whole thing is very thoughtful and barely conceals the fact that the solo character after his rescue was not part of the central story of this film. For his part, Ford looks bored and lacks the style that characterized his previous performances. This is more like a Ford gig from the 1990s that is bored and sees the movie "over". Fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting figure introduced in "Empire", is here as an apparent person dear to us in the huge space battle. Only Hamill can really do something new or interesting with his character due to his interesting development in Luke character. He was probably the only major actor in the film who still cared about his work. And to be fair, the script gives him much more than other characters. Actually it's his story and the other characters are only available as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid, like the Kaiser, does an excellent job. The film would sink if it had been too much of an exaggeration (as he sometimes was in the new films). Visually and in terms of effects, apart from the "clean" appearance of everything, it is hard to fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic figure, one of the most elaborate ever built. The space battles towards the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this film leads to the successes of his ancestors. But in itself it is a satisfying entertainment object and IMHO far beyond any later Lucas productions.
