Brian Yuzna is often disapproved of as director for his filthy Gore festivals, but the truth is that his films are not bad at all. The re-animator sequels are not as good as the original, but are still appropriate for horror sequels. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series. and society is not a world that is not a surrealist horror feat. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece. But it shows Yuzna's eye for horror brilliantly and the plot moves in a way that's always exciting and captivating. I am really surprised that a horror film about dentistry did not appear until 1996, because the visit to the dentist is almost a primal fear - he runs away from a tiger for the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I would seem to be in the minority. The action follows the perfectionist dentist Fine Stone. He has a nice house, a successful career and a beautiful wife - just about everything most people want. His life deteriorates, however, when he discovers his wife's affair with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; Because it's his patients who feel the full rage of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scare the audience, this movie is doing really well. However, there must be a loan to the director who extracts the full amount of anxiety from the central topic. The fact that he does a good job is compounded by the fact that I'm not squeamish about going to the dentist - but a certain scene actually made me cover my eyes! The film follows the usual crazy action of man, only with The Dentist you always have the impression that the film contains more than what we see. It's not very often that a Gore film can impress on substance level - and although this will not win any prizes, the parody of the upper class is well involved in the plot. Acting during the B-class is actually pretty impressive. Corbin Bernsen took the lead role and convinced the audience that he really is a man on the sidelines. I should thank Brian Yuzna for casting Ken Foree in the movie. The Dawn of the Dead star does not get enough work, and I love watching him in movies. The rest of the cast is not impressive, but everyone does their job well enough. Overall, The Dentist offers a refreshing change for Slasher movies of the 90s. The Gore scenes will surely please horror fans, and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
