The dentist starts on the morning of Dr. Ann's wedding day. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). On the surface, Mr. & Mrs. Feinstone seems to have a nice life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles & he has a successful career with responsibility, but below that, things are very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke is having an affair with swimming pool cleaner Matt (Michael Stadvec) to reinforce his humiliation. Then Alan discovers that Matt also has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his neighbors next door. All in all, he owes a lot of money to the IRS breathing on his neck. Alan begins to lose his mind, he convinces himself that everything is rotten and rotten, just like the patient's teeth, and it's up to him to fix it. This morning, at work, he begins to spread his frustration and anger towards his patients, first hurting a little boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin). He is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he has hallucinated his wife & purposely performs an unnecessary and painful procedure on another. Alan also starts taking meds as he completely loses them and becomes murderous by his adulterous wife and pool cleaner ... <br /> <br /> Under the direction of Brian Yuzna, I thought the dentist was a good one Movie and tried something different. The script by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon & Charles Finch is more of a psycho-thriller than a straight slasher, which was a surprise to me when I expected the latter. It would have been easy to make a teenage Slasher movie like Friday the 13th (1980) with a high body count and a white cracking dentist villain, but what The Dentist actually showed is very different. The dentist is basically a character study about the descent of a man into insanity and he does a good job, though I'm not sure what he's going through is enough justification for his subsequent murderous acts. It moves at a good pace, has a nice narrative in which I liked the constant connection that Alan liked between the decay he sees with his patients and the decay he sees in the world around him an entertaining way is to spend 90 odd minutes. It goes without saying that anyone who has a phobia about the dentist should probably miss it, otherwise you will never go again! I also liked the end of the tables being turned, I'm not saying anymore ... Director Yuzna does his usual job here, in fact I do not think I've seen a Yuzna One Film, to which I was, to a certain extent, not having fun, obviously and foresightedly uses the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist with some beautiful dental torture items, including pulling out teeth, sexual harassment, doing drug operations, and torturing people with the dreaded dentist drill. There are also several other Gore scenes, a dead dog, someone who gorily slashed with a knife and cut out tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style for the probably low budget. He tends to tilt his camera to create beautiful angles. I liked the setting where the camera is over someone being stung and big splashes of blood spatter on the floor. A nice wide angle. <br /> <br /> Technical The dentist is fine, decent cinematography, music and production values, although some of the special make-up effects seem a little convincing. The acting is pretty strong of all those who deal with Corbin and perform well. The ever-cool genre favorite Ken Foree appears as one of the best in Los Angeles as Detective Gibbs. The dentist did not turn out the way I expected, and so much the better if you're a horror fan Maybe you want something different than what's worth it. I liked it and I think it's definitely worth a watch.
