The dentist is a really good thriller. And pretty disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of finding a psycho-dentist are far greater than those of monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this movie is so scary. In this movie you will probably think of your own dentist a few times. Whether he is capable ... You better pray that his wife does not cheat on him. That's what the story is about. A respected dentist in LA snaps when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with the pool boy. (That must be the biggest job in the world by the way, pool boys always use the housewives when the husband is at work.) From then on, our dentist, dr. Feinstone, just take revenge. He can no longer focus on his patients and some of them get hurt. It will not be easier for our dentist to be followed by an annoying tax inspector, a curious cop, and a suspected employee. At one point Dr. Feinstone can not stand it anymore. Now he is not only after his wife, but after anyone who comes near him. The dentist is written by Brian Yuzna and co-written by Stuart Gordon. You can take that as a recommendation. These two people already gave us some great horror movies (and personal favorites of mine) like Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they succeed again to bring an entertaining and very chilly thriller. This movie actually came on time. The decade has not brought us many great horror films. I'm not saying that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great because the dentist is obsessed with hygiene. I mainly remember him as a comedy or drama actor, but he certainly can handle a psychotic character. The rest of the cast also does a good job. The woman who plays Feinstones wife is really attractive. It was also great to see Ken Foree playing again. The actor from my favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna also threw him into From Beyond 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I can not recommend this movie to anyone (if you have a weak stomach, I advise you to skip it), but if you look at it you will enjoy it very much. You will be disgusted ... but that is an additional reason, I think. It's been a while since I was really freaked out by a movie. It's a great topic in this genre, and Yuzna does it in a great way. Too bad that this movie was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My modest opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
