I thought that ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is seen by many voters as the weakest installment of the trilogy. It seemed to me that ROTJ was the best, because it had the deepest plot, the most exciting, the most surprising, the most emotional (especially the end) and definitely the most episodic film. Personally, I also like the Empire Strikes Back a lot, but I think it's a little less good than ROTJ because it was slower, not so episodic, and I just did not feel as much excitement or emotion as the third movie. <br /> <br /> It also seems to me that after reading these startling reviews, the reasons why people have cited ROTJ as an inferior film to the other two are simply ridiculous and are insignificant reasons compared to pure excellence Films as a whole. I've heard a lot of strange reasons like: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba fat died c) Because little Ewoks defeated a band of Stormtroopers d) Because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> <br /> I'd like to expose any of these Reasons, because I believe that they miss the point completely. First of all, WHO CARES, when Bobba fat died ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted him to die. Do not get me wrong, I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he made a couple of cameo appearances, and Lucas did not want to become a central character in the films that made him up by Star Wars fans. His name was not mentioned anywhere in the movie ... You had to go to the credits to find the name of Bobba Fett !!! Judging ROTJ because a little character has died is a bit much, I think ... Second, many fans did not like the death of Yoda. Sure, it was a significant time in the movie. I was not happy to see him die, but that makes the movie more realistic. All the good guys can not stay alive in a realistic movie. Otherwise, if ALL good people had lived and all the bad guys had died, this movie would have been like a cheesy Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect of this point about the people who did not like Yoda's death. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader knocked out Obi Wan Kenobi in A New Hope. (Many hold a new hope for the best of the trilogy) Why was Obi Wan's death alright, but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Another reason I just can not believe was that people like cute Ewoks Overpowering stormtroopers felt impossible. That is absolutely ridiculous !! I can not believe that !! First of all, the Ewoks are in their home planet, Endor, so they know their homeland since they live there. If you look closely at the movie, many of the tactics that the Ewoks used in overcoming Stormtroopers were due to their excellent use of their home field. (Since you have lived in the forest all your life, I hope you have learned to use it to your advantage.) They had swinging tendrils, ropes, tree trunks that were set up to hike these hikers and other traps. The stormtroopers were severely disadvantaged because they were outnumbered and unaware of the benefits of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. It was not as if the Ewoks were fighting the stormtroopers themselves, they were strongly supported by the rebel group of that conquest. I thought that if the stormtroopers had conquered a combination of the Star Wars heroes, the rebel group, and the vast Ewok clan with great familiarity with their homeland, that would have been a big surprise. If this scene was unbelievable after all ... How about Empire Strikes Back or AA Hope, where there were SEVERAL scenes of a group made up of only Han Solo, Chewbacca and the Princess, who are being shot at by ten stormtroopers and all of them Blaster missed while the heroes were in sight !! And not only that, the heroes always beat the Stormtroopers with their blasters. The soldiers have to have VERY, VERY bad goal! At least in Empire Strike's Back, the Battle of Endor was much more credible as you defeated two armies against three heroes against a legion of stormtroopers. Do not believe me Look at the Battle of Cloud City as our heroes escaped Lando's base. Or when our heroes rescued Princess Leia and were shot at (somehow missing) when Han Solo and Luke tried to leave the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I want to talk about (others are just the case) too ridiculous for me to spend my time here.) People did not like the fact that Darth Vader was revealed! In many ways, this was an integral part of the action in the film. Luke tried to find out if Darth Vader was his father Annakin Skywalker or not. It would have been disappointing if the movie ended without Luke seeing his father's face because he would complete the film. Through Annakin's revelation, it symbolized the transition that Darth Vader had from the dark side (in his helmet) and from the good person he was, Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin died on the bright side and that's what the helm removal scene was all about. In fact, I would have done the same in this scene if I had been Luke's father. Would not you have done that if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died and were not mechanized helmet? <br /> <br /> Another note, I think a subconscious or conscious expectation in most people is that the sequel MUST be worse (even if it's better) that previous films are another reason ROTJ does not get many awards as it deserves. I never look at a movie with this delusion in mind, I always try to go into a movie with the attitude, "Well, it could be better or worse that the original .. But I can not know for sure. "That way, I'm open-minded and do not think that a clearly superior movie is not as good as it really was. I'm not sure who criticized these films, but I've asked many college students and adults about their favorite movie in Star Wars, and everyone tells me (except one person who said A New Hope is their favorite piece) that it's ROTJ is. I believe that the results of these surveys are terrible and quite misleading. <br /> <br /> The bottom line was that the return of the Jedi was the best of the trilogy. This movie was the only one of the three that soaked me throughout its 135 minutes. There was no boredom, because every scene was either exciting, exciting, surprising or all in all. For example, the emotional lightsaber fight between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better every day than Empire Strikes Back !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will be open-minded about the phantom threat because when fans start looking for finicky, insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") the movie like "This movie stinks because Luke is not in there!" Then this deserving movie becomes another spectacular movie that will be the subject of ridicule like ROTJ, who unfortunately suffered. <br /> <br />
