I especially remember this movie when I was a teenager. My best friend told me all about this movie and how he freaked her out as a kid. Of course, I am the bloodthirsty girl I am and had to find this movie. Now I do not know how to express it without losing credibility, so I'll just say it, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story and beyond bloody and cruel, but that's what I was looking for and The Dentist delivers fear, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a funny movie like this to let him go and get fucked by him. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On his wedding day, he discovers his wife Brooke having sex with her dirty pool man Matt. In his dental office, Feinstone's first patient of the day is the young Jody Saunders, who was there for the first dental appointment. Feinstone starts brushing Jody's teeth. At first everything runs smoothly until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and lazy. His toothpick slips off and jokes Jody in the gum. Jody's mother picks up her crying, bleeding child and goes back angrily. Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign. On April alone, Feinstone sediments with nitrous oxide, allowing him to fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she wanders into unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines she has turned into his wife. He starts kissing and caressing her in the dentist's chair, then stifles her. April starts to cough and is half recovered from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and quickly buttoned up April's blouse again. Feinstone decides to end the day ahead of time and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in his practice. He unveils his new opera opera house in Italy. He encourages Brooke to try the dentist's chair in the room. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair and sedates her with nitrous oxide. With operatic music in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has disappeared from the deep and definitely will not stop anyone from getting clean. Honestly, as stupid as this movie sounds, I had a blast watching The Dentist. The best scene without a doubt is that he gives this disgusting IRS agent a hygiene selection that he will surely not forget. Man, I do not think I brushed my teeth that much after seeing The Dentist. Yes, I will warn you, this film is in no way for the faint of heart, it is very bloody. There are knife cuts, shots and just these brutal torture scenes that make the stomach shake. But somehow I just enjoyed this movie, if I just want a good gore movie made for real horror fans, I put it in my DVD player and that's the "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I try, give me some recognition. <br /> <br /> 7/10
