After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) having sex with the pool boy, the somewhat unstable dentist Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) completely on, which means deep difficulties for his patients. This charming field Director Brian Yuzna's original and entertaining horror film was a welcome respite from the usual horror storm that fainted in the late 1990s. Although The Dentist is supposed to be a cheesy, funny little movie, Yuzna makes sure that the movie delivers the shocks and thrills that many more serious movies try to do without. Although the film suffers somewhat from the lack of background knowledge on the main characters, allowing events to be built to take place over a few days, the film is intriguing, generally well-written and well-timed, so the viewer The interest can preserve even in the most ridiculous moments. ?? The Dentist suffers occasionally from smugglers, but unlike the much worse sequel to 1998, there are only sporadically uninteresting moments, and in general the film follows well itself. Corbin Bernsen was very persuasive in the role of the sadistic, confused and perfectionist dr. Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen credibly recites his lines, especially with regard to the stupidity and immorality of sex (especially fellatio), is astonishing. While many actors have trouble portraying a clean obsessed psycho without becoming too cheesy or ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really fit the personality of the character he's trying to portray, making the movie particularly enjoyable. If The Dentist did not have a funny, almost funny horror movie, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including Mark Ruffalo, a pre-seasonist) did not perform very well, and though it did not really damage the film, stronger performances could have given the strip more credibility. <br /> <The dentist is not a horror movie that should be taken seriously but is certainly enjoyable, especially for fans of gaudy horror. Those who have been upset by the number of "1996" clones (1996) clones in the late 1990s may find this a refreshing change, just like me. A rarely boring and generally well-written handwriting and knowledgeable guide help make "The Dentist" one of the more pleasurable cheese frenzies of the 1990s. In addition, we are presented with some particularly cruel and (by and large) realistic scenes of dental torture that should make most Gorehounds happy. Anything but perfect, but also anything but bad: The Dentist is a movie you should watch at least once. My rating for ?? The Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
