The main theme in this Dirty Harry is that revenge is a dish that is best served cold. Sandra Locke is as cold as beautiful in this movie. Locke is usually an "8", but with a deadly pistol in her handbag, "tense" for the bad guys, she climbs the scale to a "10". Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, raped a few years ago with her younger sister and tried to ban the attack as best she could. Her sister, Tho, is almost comatose as a result of the trauma, so memory is never far from her mind. One day Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F .; She buys a gun, follows him to a bar, has him pick her up, then, when they are alone in his Cadillac and start loving each other, she shoots him ... once in the genitals, once in the brain - - this in the opening scene !! You have to love this spunky lady. She has her priorities clear. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist who puts all her trouble on the screen NOW. After Jennifer has her first offender, she watches curiously Det. Insp. Harry Callahan processes the fresh crime scene after the body was found in the caddy. Then she insulted some creepy teenage dollars bothering women on the street, visiting her sister in a nursing home and chasing "up the coast" in San Paolo, California, where the rape event took place years ago. With more bullets in her suitcase and more determination in her head, our heroine experiences the rape in her mind with vivid memory as she gets closer to the execution of each subsequent rapist. It is not uncommon for us jurists when it comes to convicting or executing a violent criminal. Do not be sad about your own wretched humanity, we REMEMBER the crime and the LIFE it caused. Such events have made Jennifer break off any of her attackers - once in the genital area, once in the brain. Throughout the film scenes of Jennifer's vengeance are interspersed with good, IL 'Dirty Harry blowing a few gangstas in a cafe, remember: "Go on, make my day."? Later, he threatens with a punk kid (who had just insulted Callahan) in a courthouse as if he were stepping on the dog ... and left a young government clerk behind as if he was staring at Clint to say, "I want your baby . " My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes in a row when Harry threatens and scares the murderous mafia chief named Threlkis into a deadly coroner during his granddaughter's wedding at the Mark Hopkins Hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does wonderful work as a sinful Mafia Don, even if he is only in one scene and dies in the most convincing way. Harry's problems are not over yet! The gang-punk gang AND Threlkis' henchmen each try to assassinate Harry in two closely spaced scenes, and most bad guys die terribly. Yes, part of the weapon game looks like an uninspired screen violence. The Clint looked like the director was tired on that day of shooting. However, there are only so many ways to send a man with bullets. The punk kids, however, die much more creative as they both burn down and drown in SF. Bay. Warms my heart to Insp with so much violent intent. Callahan and his bosses send him to San Paolo to learn about the "22-caliber vasectomy killing," as Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but only after Harry has brought one of his famous sermons to the Chowderhead. Liberal. I love this Harry. As our hero annoys the local cops and civilians in San Paolo, two more murders, the same M.O., are happening to a lazy fisherman and a scary hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They agree that they agree on issues such as law and order, making the guilty, etc. Could a hot love scene come soon? That's exactly what we believe. This real-man meets the real-woman drama, where there are many characters, and we meet a clumsy bulldog named Raye Parkins, who is both irritating and entertaining. Raye set up Jennifer's rape years ago for her "boyfriend," and she'll eventually get her. The police chief of San Paolo, played by the reliable co-star of Eastwood, Pat Hingle (the hanging judge in 'Hang Em High'), strangely contradicts Callahan's detective work in connection with the 22-time vasectomies until we find his own adolescent son was a gang of rapists. Similar to Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now an adult, but he is feeling guilty. However, it can not end here. The friend of the rapier Vergewaltigers, Mick, now a confused sex jerk of a criminal, arrives from Vegas because Raye has put a penny on Jennifer and has called him to San Paolo to prevent further executions. Mick sleeps in Raye's house, but his timing is wrong, and he's arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, mainly because she's been sent to the Island of the Eternals by a shot of Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick finally makes a bail, Jennifer hits him. A desperate hunt ensues as Harry tries to stop the two from killing each other. In the end, everything is going well, with the good girl and the good guy going into the sunset together for a beautiful Roberta Flack Blues song.
