Despite the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans, "Return Of The Jedi" is in my opinion the biggest movie ever made. Since I saw it for the first time, depth, intensity, special effects and moving stories have overwhelmed me. The film was so well put together that it has proven its worth over the last 20 years. The highlight of the original trilogy is the culmination of the original trilogy, and George Lucas gives us a rousing end to the "Star Wars" saga in "Jedi" See It) <br /> <br /> After "The Empire Strikes Back" Us For 3 years, we finally find the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi". Darth Vader, in an emotional uproar, visits a new incomplete Death Star to oversee its construction. The Emperor is seen for the first time in this film as he has the ultimate plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring the young Luke Skywalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie, and the droids all travel to Tatooine to rescue the hardened Han Solo from the criminal lord. Jabba the Hutt. After Han is rescued and Jabba defeated, Luke returns to Dagobah to find a dying Yoda in which he learns the terrible truth. Darth Vader is actually his father. The rebel heroes regroup with the rebel fleet. Along with other species and races, including the Mon Calamari, the rebels must create an all-or-nothing attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando leads the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, the rebel heroes must disable the Death Star sign generator on the Forest Moon Of Endor. Here the rebels pass the furry but powerful Ewoks. During the two-part intense battle, a third battle must take place while Luke volunteers to give Vader to convince him to leave the Dark Side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke faces his father's face as the Emperor triggers his dark emotions. As the young Skywalker passes through Palpatine shortly before his death, Vader turns to his evil master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged movie that salutes all the best in us all.
