When this movie was originally released, it was promoted with the remarkably uninspired slogan "Dirty Harry is back". Whatever the lack of originality is more than compensated by its complete and absolute accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all aspects that have made the previous three Dirty Harry films so successful - taut tempo, compelling action, strong supportive characters, endless gunplay, and bone-dry humor. Some of these elements are not only maintained but also reinforced - this is easily the darkest, bloodiest, and obviously extreme right-wing installation of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of people, Commissioner Callahan is forcibly taken to the sleepy coastal town of San Paolo by his superiors. He has the task of examining the background of a recently shot murder victim who was shot in the genitals before he was torn from his (no doubt significant) misery by a second head shot. At the beginning of the film, the audience is made aware of the identity of the murderer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who hunts the thugs who raped her and her sister at a fun fair ten years ago. This incident is shown in a very worrying retrospect, the clippings of which are repeated before each new murder. As more and more bodies emerge with the same M.O, Harry realizes that both the local police chief and his new love interest (Guess who?) Knows more than they say. To make things even more complicated, the one-time rapists recognize who's chasing them and start hitting back hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" offers unrelenting action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood has directed the film himself and skillfully manages a series of standards that culminate in an exciting climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively conveys the mix of recklessness and fragility that characterizes her character. One wonders, though, if another actress (who was not Eastwood's off-screen companion back then) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the role - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd think of it as potential candidates. Among the minority members who are well above their weight are Albert Popwell as Harry's partner Horace, Paul Drake as psychopathic Mick, and the truly sarcastic Audrie J. Neenan, who portrays the vicious Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the film has some notable problems - some of the bargaining (the animosity between Harry and a gang of twentieth babble, a mob revenge against him) takes up too much time on screen and does not really have that every direction to the bigger story. Their only real benefit is to bring the body count to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie, it sometimes seems that Dirty Harry shoots more people than he needs to use the bathroom. However, as the film progresses, the film reaches its highest level and the triangulated cat-and-mouse game between Callahan, Spencer and their former tormentors is gaining in importance. This second lesson makes it clear that a somewhat slimmer and slightly refocused "Sudden Impact" script has had the potential to be a top-notch neo-noir thriller that could have taken the series to a new level, but still in it contained more than enough .44 Magnum exploits to satisfy the Harry Loyalists. Instead, we get the movie that Eastwood and Warner Bros. obviously wanted to do - an excellently executed but prototypical action movie of the Eighties that does not usually challenge the intelligence of the intended audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the biggest run of the show at the box office and it's not hard to see why. Although it's not the movie it could have been, it's still a great, provocative fun. Even after repeated visits, it will make your day easier.
