In Don Seal's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood, with his role as the Inspector of the same name "Dirty," personified Harry Callahan as the extremely harsh, super-cool, unorthodox cinematographer. This was followed by two sequels, the first of which, "Magnum Force," limited the politically incorrect posture of the first, which had outraged many critics but thrilled audiences. The second installment, "The Enforcer," was a bit darker again and was promoted as "the filthiest Harry of all". However, this title belongs to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's own "Sudden Impact," which is undoubtedly the scariest, worst, most violent, and most filthy of all Harry films, and in my humble opinion the second -best after the masterpiece Original. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS continue! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) lures men to be alone with her. What these men do not know is that their mysterious beauty is their former rape victim, longing for bloody revenge. Fortunately, San Francisco's toughest policeman, Inspector Dirty, Harry Callahan, who was again banned for raging over his superiors, spends his free time in this very small town ... "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest Callahan movie. The film is extremely pithy and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. He is not afraid to use his 44. Magnum, to avoid trouble, treats Harry 'Punks' of how they need to be treated, and even allows one person to get multiple murders because he thinks the revenge killings are justified. Clint Eastwood is brilliant as always in the role of Harry Callahan. In the trilogy of Sergio Leone, Eastwood embodied coolness and bad humor as a "man without a name", as in the Dirty Harry movies. "Sudden Impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. The true friend of Eastwood, Sondra Locke, fits very well into the role of vengeful beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who had worked with Ted Wood's hardened western "Hang 'em High" in 1986 by Ted Post, serves as police chief of the small town. The film also contains a number of truly despicable fool-haired figures, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan). undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and despicable female figures ever seen in the cinema. Albert Popwell, who robbed the bank robber in the famous "Do you feel happy?" The scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" is also part of this movie again, this time as Harry's colleague and buddy. Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the grimmiest, dirtiest, and probably most violent of all "Dirty Harry" movies (though "The Dead Pool" is not exactly tame either) and my second favorite after the brilliant 1971 original. An absolute must for all Callahan fans, which is highly recommended to all lovers of police thrillers and moviegoers. My rating: 8.5 / 10
