Clint Eastwood would once again play the lead role as the battle-weary detective Harry Callahan, as well as directing the fourth entry in the series "Dirty Harry." "Sudden Impact", like the other additions, brings back its own distinctive style and tone, but if anything, it's probably the closest to the original in its darker and dodgy moments (and the classic "Go ahead. Make my day" line). ) ?? but some of his humor must be seen to be believed. A bulldog? called meathead that pisses and farts. Oh yeah. An interesting fact, however, was that this entry was only one in the series that was not fully set up in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows the story of Detective Callahan, who tries to bring together the parts of a murder in which the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. After getting into trouble with supervisor and causing a stir, some criminal rulers struck at his blood. He has ordered to say goodbye, but it falls into a working area where he drives to a coastal town of San Paulo, where a murder similar to his case took place (bullet in the groin and between the eyes). There he begins to dig dirt, which leads to the idea that someone is looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was not too foolhardy at Eastwood, but virtually after many reps I've grown so much that I was probably on par with the first sequel to "Magnum Force." This well-orchestrated storyline actually gives Eastwood a different perspective (though it feels more like a sophisticated version of the Vigilante features rampant at the time), literally with something punishing, but extremely damaging. It's like experimenting with noir-thriller touches on character traits to develop the emotionally bubbling and ultimately moral framework. His use of images is permanent because of his smooth, unsuspecting atmosphere. Dark tones, brooding lighting? Like the scene towards the end, which resembles a Western showdown of a silhouette character (Harry with his new .44 Automag handgun) moving toward the stunned loot on the fishing docks. It's a flashy sight that builds fear! Chilling cold with simple brutality and a touch of humor. It seemed to be breaking loose. A big advantage of these films are the dialogues. I would not call "Sudden Impact" first class, it offers rich exchanges and remarkable lines. "You are a legend in your head". Do not you just love to hear how Harry made a funny joke before he pulls out his piece? The impact action, when it occurs, is exciting and intense? the only way to go and the pace flies past with little flat passages. Lalo Schfrin returned as a composer (after 'The Enforcer' had Jerry Fielding scoring) and brought along a methodically funky kick that breathed the grim signals to a texturous, airy score that was clicked from the start The Job Behind the Camera (where he made a collection together with 'Dirty Harry') and gives the film a lot of leeway, framing the sets in some impeccable tracking scenes beautifully, but also in unusual angles of the instruments dramatic moments <br /> Eastwood, as The dinosaur Callahan still misses a punch, goes beyond the dull look to do the job, and probably shows a bit more heart than one would expect from a younger Callahan to switch from Harry's quest for justice through the badge, though he does does not always agree. I just thought it was weird. A real change of heart. Sondra Locke has become an amazing accomplishment to him at the time. She has become traumatized (tormented with her younger sister senselessly raped), hidden by a glassy, ​​calm intensity. When the anger is released, the result is tactically accurate. Paul Drake is perfectly threatening and dirty, as one of the attacked thugs, and Audrie J. Neenan beats down a repugnant, hideous and loud-mouthed performance. These people are really an ugly bunch of saps. Pat Hingle is stable as the boss of the small coastal town. In smaller parts are Bradford Dillman and the pleasantly strong Albert Popwell (a regular in series 1-4, but under different characters). How can you forget him in "Dirty Harry"? Yes, he's a bank robber who ends his trademark: "Am I feeling happy? Well, punk?"
