This last entry in George Lucas' STAR WARS movies is often considered the weakest of them all. However, this does not mean that this is a completely worthless entry in the series. On the other hand. Sure, it's not as groundbreaking as its predecessors and at times a bit slower, but RETURN OF JEDI still offers a lot to guarantee entry. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends rescue Han from the palace of Jabba the Hutt, is a classic. Jabba, a truly sickening patch of bloated flesh speaking in his own language, is not only a great villain, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, let alone the spark and life we ​​see on the finished product. What's fun with this series is the skilful use of puppets for the various members of Jabba's court, including the intimidating, slavering Rancor and the creepy Sarlaac pit monster. It masterfully builds its peak and pulls blows all the time. <br /> <br /> Slightly slower is the second act, in which Luke discovers that he and Leia are related by blood and when we travel into the forest Planet of Endor, home of the cuddly but brave Ewoks. Most of the complaints I've read about RETURN OF JEDI seem to focus on those furry creatures, as they somehow disturb the sound of the saga. I do not quite agree, though this moment is likely to be a bit longer than it should be. Their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), however, is a wonderful memorable creation, and seeing them handling the technology of Imperial troops with their simple, natural weapons is a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> By the time we get to the third act, but the pace is picking up again as we battle between the Ewoks against the troops, Lando and the rebel forces, who launched an attack against the all-new half-finished Death Star of the Start Empire, and take off Luke's last showdown with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter follows on from the sequence of the Jabba Palace as the highlight of the film. Mark Hamill once again plays his role as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and if you consider him a fully developed Jedi Knight, it will be an unforgettable performance. As iconic as James Earl Jones' voice is to Darth Vader's voice, he will only compete with the wrinkled, crony-like Emperor played by Ian McDiarmid with the cheeky, fearsome evil. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this climax, which is accordingly darkly lit and threateningly underlined. The STAR WARS movies have always set the standard for special effects and the technical work in RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold a candle to its predecessors. The battle-fights in space are as exciting as ever, and the Speeder bike tracking through the forest is a knockout. Considering that this movie was shot after A NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it should not be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even higher level. The spectacle is a classic STAR WARS fare. Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher are all getting more mature and deepening in their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers fun moments as C-3PO. Frank Oz 'Yoda only appears in two scenes, but he makes the most of it. And yes, there is also John Williams' music. <br /> <br /> All in all, while RETURN OF JEDI wavers a bit in the middle, the first and the third act deliver stylishly, which is a pretty satisfying conclusion. One of the greatest legends of all time. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas released the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored (and reworked) "Special Editions" that included additional effects and / or footage, as well as some enhancements. Of the three, RETURN OF JEDI seems to have caused the most excitement among STAR WARS fans. It may be because of the uncomfortable lack of position (albeit funny if you are not easily offended), the "Jedi Rocks" number in Jabba's palace, which, though technically amazing, disturbs the flow of the movie. I did, however, like the final montage scenes where we see victory celebrations on the galaxy's various planets. This DVD version has even more enhancements - we see more montage finale scenes (especially on Naboo, where we hear Jar Jar Bink's "Wesa free!" Screaming) and in what is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as the ghost by Anakin Skywalker in the final scenes. Probably because of the intense (and unfair) contempt that fans have for his somewhat shaky work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES, it seems inevitable that fans would reject this issue alone. However, if you watch the STAR WARS saga in chronological order (and think about it), there is a chance that you might react differently. Still, it's an issue that fans have been addressing, so it's probably best to be warned beforehand. <br /> <br /> As nice as it would be if Lucas were to release the original versions of these three classic films, he still stands by what he said about these revisions as the "final" edition of his classic trilogy, and if you can Looking at the STAR WARS films as a complete saga (as Lucas intended), it makes sense to keep them technically and acoustically consistent. The original films are always engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as much fun if you can give them a chance.
