Director / Star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is a fascinating addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a combination of rough filmmaking and genius. It is mediocre and stupid in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with captivating, gripping tempo. There are numerous echoes of the first film here - the shoot 'em up scene "Make my day" is reminiscent of the scene "Feel happy", one of the bad guys is just as disgusting as the first movie Scorpio, an actor that plays a role A little villain from the first part returns here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. Harry Callahan is still at odds with the higher ones in the department, still mean, still tough, but now he's older and tired. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - respect and reverence for the law against the desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, where the two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the basic theme of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "What about the rights of the victim?" - (They outnumber those of the criminal? Conversely? Dependent?). The response to this film was controversial, prompting a sequel (the most gratifying Magnum Force) to mark the border between Harry's justice and pure, heartless vigilantism. Dirty Harry, like many other roles of Clint, is the personification of revenge, the defender of the defenseless. However, this film brings it back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (portrayed by Sondra Locke) who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now disabled sister by ruthlessly hunting the men (and a woman) and executed ritually committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without making a play-by-play of the whole movie, I'll say the following - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" plays the first movie - it does not actually leak references and jokes of the whole series (the confusion about the captain's surname is an example - a deliberate prank, I think). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is neat - has our villain policeman found a soulmate in this vigilante? And is she a vigilante or a victim who is rightly committed to her and her sister's ailing rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic resolution of the series that I personally (as a fan) found quite moving. The last scene alone makes Sudden Impact the legitimate climax of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict of the first film. ("The Dead Pool" does not knock - this excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted, exciting, but weird thriller with Harry Callahan and not a character-defining movie like this one.) <br /> <br /> This movie was made Well , in the theaters - the Reagan era audiences found Harry and his people very appealing, and the president himself often quoted, "Come on, make my day".
