It is a strange thing to watch a movie in which some scenes are rather weak (if only compared to other films in their legacy), and others that are in a "subplot" or side story are surprisingly provocative and strong. Sudden Impact is one of the instances where Clint Eastwood shows as a star / producer / director when he can be at his best, or at times when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective story in his Dirty Harry reputation. We get this "make my day" line, and unlike the first movie, in which his "do I have glucked" language was cool and cool the first time, and tough the second time around, it's upside down. As usual, he gets into another mess with the department as he tries to fight the crime in his own way, especially with a robbery in the restaurant (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And a high-speed pursuit with a senior bus. He said he should go on vacation, and that's the last thing he thinks about. This whole plot is not very convincing, except for the expectation of the story and the lines, which only adds to the frustration. But soon his story fuses with the negotiation that Eastwood develops from the start. <br /> <br /> Enter Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, whom we learn after some (reasonable) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were victims of a cruel, unjustified sexual assault (sheer, rape), and she is supple, undercover-like and gets revenge. Her scenes and her story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and when she finally enters Callahan's plot (he gets facts in the same small town where there is a murder), the film finally finds a focus between Eastwood's classic form clearly defined good vs. Evil (though sometimes blurred, to be sure). Eastwood films the flashbacks, not to say too much about them, expertly, in a fresh, experimental style. The trademark of Lalo Schifrin is absolutely atmospheric in these scenes and in other scenes. It almost seems like an art-house feeling has crept into Eastwood's straightforward storytelling style, which makes the film easy to see. <br /> <br /> However, it is a pity that in the end there is more to the expected (or perhaps unexpected) points, and by the third act, Callahan has little to do except his usual 'It's blacksmith ... Wesson ... and me '. With Locke, however, he gets a very good performance (more subtle and touching than the Gauntlet) and an exciting climax in an amusement park. In a way, I do not agree with Ebert's remark that it's like a Eastwood style "music video" here. I admit that there are comparisons to the simplicity of both the directness, but the scenes in which Eastwood breaks the mold are superior to those of a music video. It's cheesy, hard-edged and no match for the first two Harry pictures, but hey, it could be worse to spend a few hours with the Master of the .44.
