With Star Wars: A New Hope redefining science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefining "Star Wars," it's hard to believe that the third and final movie in this trilogy can be as good as this other two. But that really does a good job. The first part of the movie unravels the cliffhanger the former left behind, with a detailed escape plan that matches the unbelievable excitement and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the Rebel Alliance and what happens in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes that build up to the final confrontation of the rebellion with the emperor. When the battle begins, the public of everything that leads to it is already at the edge of its seats, and this final battle is even more intense than that of the other films. This climax is definitely more dense than any other part of the trilogy, with most at risk for the rebellion. This is constantly changing between a ground battle between the rebel attack crew on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the Battle of Space (including Lando) and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor for the new Death Star, leading to another duel with Darth Vader leads. It is very intense as the rebels seem to be constantly losing the fight that will determine the outcome of the war and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea that Ewok's stormtroopers overpower is a little far-fetched, it did not seem very unrealistic, as they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use than a real threat to the stormtroopers, even though they had some Luck against her. There are also one or two twists in the end that nobody saw coming, which may not be as breathtaking as "The Empire Strikes Back", but still complete a very spectacular trilogy. With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sensual tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film completes it by combining the two in this grand finale. The Special Edition for "Return of the Jedi" focused on what would have been nice to change as not much of the original needed it. Fifteen years of technological advances did not seem to make up fifteen years of deterioration in the Rancor scene, and there is still the occasional missing TIE fighter, but otherwise it was good. The gaping, non-threatening mouth of Sarlaac got moving tentacles and a huge flycatcher that brought out the head, which definitely added to the tension. In addition, the disco was removed from Jabba's palace, and the lame end of the original was replaced by a big victory celebration that spanned the entire galaxy, not just a small Ewok village, which was the case of the original and that was not the case really a story as big as it deserves. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the whole trilogy is like a big, outstanding movie. A THIRD must for movie fans.
