The Vigilante has long been a fascination for the audience as it evokes a sense of quick, sure justice. Good triumphs over evil and evil gets its deserts. It's actually one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (as played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wears a badge and works within the law, but at heart Harry is a vigilante who finds justice "his" way, often bringing him into conflict with his own superiors and the criminals he persecutes. But that's what attracts the audience. Anyone who has ever been buried in bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another is pleased when someone cuts the bureaucracy and copes with it - even if it's just on screen. And that satisfaction that comes from doing justice - and fast - is one of the elements that make Eastwood's Sudden Impact so successful. In this, the fourth in the series, while murdering, Harry meets a bona fide vigilante at work - a person whose justice is in line with his own, with one exception: whoever, he definitely wears no badge. <br /> <br /> Inspector Callahan has once again landed on the bad side of the department in his inimitable way and is being asked to take a vacation. So he does it; as only "Dirty Harry" can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself in the middle of a murder case for a unique M.O. employed by the offender. Inexplicably, Harry meets resistance from local police chief Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to use his tactics and methods elsewhere in his city. Harry is not deterred, though. He continues his investigation, which is finally the young, pretty artist Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) involved. Gradually, Harry discovers a connection between the victims. The burning question, however, is where Jennifer Spencer fits into the picture. <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in great shape here, both in front of and behind the camera, and it's probably the second best of the five series, right behind the original "Dirty Harry." It was seven years since the last Harry bid ("The Enforcer", 1976) took place, but Eastwood returns to the character with the opportunity and new power. And he definitely benefits from having him on the director's chair, because he is able to recover the essence not only of his own character, but also of the "spirit" that made these films so successful, and he does so by: he knows the territory and the country A continuity that eliminates almost every seven years between #s 3 and 4. As with all the films he directs, Eastwood establishes a conscious pace that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension to keep it interesting and rousing from the start. <br /> <br /> The script by Joseph Stinson is well written and phrased in this distinctive Dirty Harry style. The dialogue is snappy and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most exciting since the original "Dirty Harry" as it successfully attempts to address the very personal aspects of the drama entirely on the action. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and of course this is the movie that gave us one of Harry's best slogans: "Come on, do it - make my day ..." <br /> <br /> Like Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: it lives according to a personal moral code, a true individual, which consists of the things that we imagine as pioneers who populated this country and made America what it is today. Harry embodies this sense of freedom and justice that we all strive for and love, perhaps more than ever today. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is undeniably a part of us that wants to be Harry, or at least has him around. "Dirty Harry" is an icon of cinema, and it's impossible to imagine anyone but Eastwood portraying him. for good or bad, Eastwood Dirty Harry is unquestionable, as are Sean Connery James Bond and Basil Rathbone of Sherlock Holmes. Sondra Locke is absolutely effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer. a young woman who has wronged her for revenge, or, as she sees it, "justice." She manages to give her character a hard-hitting determination and enticing character, with a compelling, thoughtful approach that goes far beyond what's typical of the action genre. Despite the violence, Locke continues to focus on Jennifer and the traumatic events that have brought her to this stage of her life. Her portrayal is a perfect complement to Eastwood's Harry and becomes an opposite in philosophy and action. <br /> <br /> There are two performances in supporting roles: Paul Drake, as Mick, creates the best 'psycho' since Andy Robinson's dynamic portrayal of the serial killer in the original 'Dirty Harry.' With the very limited screen time, Drake creates a truly disturbing one Presence that is believable and persuasive, which greatly enhances the audience's purely visceral reactions, this is the guy you can not wait to see that Harry ends up taking care of, Audience J. Neenan is also effective Character, Ray Parkins, is the epitome of the proverbial "low life" that can be found in every bar in every city, a performance that evokes a good response and greatly enhances the credibility of the movie by giving it the necessary sense of humor Realism mediated. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger), with a perfect mix of Dra ma and Action offers "Sudden Impact" justice, which is a fulfilling salvation from reality. the perfect justice of a less than perfect world, ensuring a satisfying cinematic experience. 10.9.
