Who says zombies can not be turned into useful members of the community? Certainly not the makers of "Fido" who lead us to a never-landless version of the fifties, where the undead became butlers and servants for the burgeoning middle class. Timmy Robinson is the all-American boy emotionally bound to his family's new house - a recently resurrected zombie that Timmy lovingly called Fido. All of this has been made possible by Zomcom, an organization with big brothers who has found a way to make the zombies (originally brought to life by radiation from space) manageable and docile - at least most of the time. <br /> <br /> This twisted, modern twist on the television series "Lassie" - which could easily be titled "A Boy and His Zombie" - requires cunning satirical swathes as obsessive social on such concerns before the '60s Conformity (here "Jones-up-with-the-Jones" means having more zombie servants than next-door people), the infertility of suburban life, corporate civic control, corruption in small towns and cities the values ​​of the nuclear family - everything played out in a beautifully landscaped environment of colorful homes and immaculately manicured lawns. The film does not hit the audience with its message over the head and does not reach into endless exaggerations to make laughter. Instead, this is a reserved, subtle little satire that makes a respectful giggle instead of a full-blown laugh. Much of the humor is due to the mismatch between the serenity of the environment and the reckless attitude towards death demonstrated by the good citizens of the community (Life Magazine has been replaced by a magazine called Death Magazine). Despite the playful graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence that we generally associate with both the 1950s and the cheap, cheap horror movies that were so much a pop culture scene of the decade. <Br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are gracious and appealing, as the big-eyed Timmy and his cleaver-squeezing parents (with some weird undertones), while Billy Connolly's almost impossible task Mankind and depth of the resurrected corpse is very important. <br /> <br /> This could have been "Lassie" if Timmy's best friend had had rabies.
