In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead," we are introduced to a London where slackers and the powerful are equally forced to fight against carnivorous, revived corpse versions of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that the zombies are rendered harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents us with an epilogue to "Shaun", who plays in America in the 50s, in a witty-witty and original "What-If ...?" Movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is currently set after the zombie apocalypse; After the horrors of the zombie wars, the ZomCon Company and its patented zombie collars were founded, making the bodies as docile as lambs. Every city in the world is fenced off from the Wild Zone. The once fertile landscape was torn apart by the surviving zombies and remnants of the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical, unspoilt suburb of the 50s, with a small difference. Social status is measured by the number of domesticated zombies in a family. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies, because of their patriarch Bill, who is afraid of the revived dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen are both suffering from the pressures of suburban life until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. The zombie earns Timmy's love when he rescues him from two violent thugs, and the two form a connection to compete with the classic cliché "boy and dog" ... a boy and his zombie. Timmy calls his "pet" Fido, and he soon becomes an aid to Timmy and Helen to avoid the prison-like routine Bill put her into. But when Fidos's landlord enters the Fritz sign, he devours the older Mrs. Henderson, the Robinsons have to connect with the sudden wild zombie epidemic and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. A film whose sharp wit and satirical rage carry him as well as his All-Star cast (including "Carrie-Anne Moss of Matrix" (Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a Zom-com for all time With some twisted subplots - for example, the sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido begin - and a poignant commentary on the suburbs of the 50s and the zombie genre, the movie creates the worst (and the best) in its characters, while you can still take care of them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is by far one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen in a long time and the best zom-com since the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
