OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido. Honestly, when I became aware of it in the video store, I was tempted to rent this movie, but none of that really interested me. But when I looked around Netflix, it was advertised as crazy for me if I liked "silly" scary movies, so I thought I'd give it a try. I'm so glad I saw it, it was just a great movie, it was so funny and so charming to watch. Like I said, it's Pleasantville Meets Night of the Living Dead. It's just a great concept. What happens after a mega-zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they enjoy making the zombies "handy" citizens. This is a very overlooked horror / comedy movie. I think a lot of people were so overwhelmed with Shaun of the Dead that it kicked off. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect, making this movie a really funny movie. <br /> <br /> In an alternate universe from the 1950s, when cosmic space radiation transformed the dead into zombies. This radiation is still plaguing humanity, as all who die after the original contamination become undead. To lead a normal life, the communities are fenced with the help of a government company called Zomcon. Zomcon has remote controls that control the zombies' hunger for meat to use as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie, even though her husband Bill has the zombie phobia. Her son Timmy makes friends with the zombie and calls him "Fido". One day Fidos collar malfunctions and he kills the neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor. If a few local thugs are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and rescues Timmy and Fido from the thugs and they try to forget the whole thing. A few days later, the body of the neighbor is found and the murder is attributed to Fido being taken to Zomcon, where the public is told to be destroyed. Timmy finds out from a friend that Fido is just working in a factory in Zomcon. Timmy wants to save him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend, hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I really recommend this movie if you get the chance to see it, it's so silly but fun. Billy Connelly has done a great job as Fido and really brought a lot of life into the character without any pun intended. I think the scene that made me laugh the most was when Timmy had to bury the old lady who attacked and killed Fido. His last words to her were so funny: "They were not really nice, but you liked flowers, right?" And he buries them in the garden, not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, wrong, but classic laughs, I still love it, even if it's about the world of the Leave It To Beaver world There is still a lot of gore in the movie, so if you have a chance to see Fido then I promise you some good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
