As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to watch it. Well, I heard about it and then found the trailer. After that I knew that I had to see it. And I am so glad that I did it. You want to see classic TV mixed with zombies? No? Then you get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie I've never seen before. Well, actually it is like that. It's a sort of Lassie episode and a zombie movie. In the combination, however, it feels completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, this new pet is not a nagging parakeet or a potty trained puppy. It's a revived dead ... a zombie. A large cloud of radiation overlaid the earth, causing all the dead to rise and follow the zombie wars. Although he was discovered by the genius of Reinhold Giger, ZomCon's leading scientist, he discovered that the zombie is destroyed in the destruction of the brain, thus giving us the advantage and victory in the zombie war. Through constant radiation, everyone who dies becomes a zombie. This can be a problem, especially for the elderly. However, Zomcom re-emerges with further breakthroughs, especially with the Domestication Collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and makes it harmless as a pet. But not everything is perfect in this zombie utopia, collars break, old people die and ... well, I'll just let you see this incredibly unique movie. With an all-star cast and great lyrics, FIDO is at the top of the comedy / horror genre. There are many funny and original situations that really entertained me. After watching the movie, I personally believe that the film was better in black and white. With less than 90 minutes, the movie does not run too long and moves from scene to scene at a good speed. It's likely to be a cult classic, as it's not really a loud comedy or even a horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie movie that plunges into the 1950s mood. If you thought that something I said here was interesting, take a look at this movie. But if you are still at the fence, swing your leg back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
