When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is the undisputed master, and his last Star Wars movie is very, very good (and more appropriately rated compared to the previous two films in the original saga). Having recently seen Revenge of the Sith, he puts this film in perspective. The last battle seems to be climbing even more, knowing what Anakin Skywalker went through through the emperor's manipulative hands. The last fight between Luke and Vader becomes more bitter, considering the love for Padmé and the love for her children. While the new films (especially Episode II) are inferior to the original films, they are only suitable for one reason. They make the old films look even better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill does an extraordinary job in this film. He really brings with him the changes Luke has gone through. To be fair, I think he should become a great actor based on these films because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you can tell he has completed Raiders and Blade Runner between the last two chapters of Star Wars, as he seems to have grown quite a bit. He adds more comedy to the character who works well (obviously inspired by Raiders). In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher has never really been a good actress, but she does a decent job and is quite passable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this movie and after watching Episode III, I can say with certainty that he is one of the most successful villains of all time. James Earl Jones still has the voice for Vader and he is still very, very good. <br /> <br /> In terms of the look of the movie, it's pretty safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than in either previous (two) movies, but that was always Lucas' Forté, so that's it really to be expected. The final battle for Endor is very good both in terms of overall impact and tension. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to conduct three battles simultaneously, as this increases the overall tension of the climax. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is to pull down the movie from an otherwise deserved 9 are the Ewoks. These little creatures are so annoying that they ruin almost every scene they find themselves in. Also, I find it a bit joking when a group of bow-tie teddy bears can defeat a Storm Troopers squadron with laser pistols and mighty machines. All in all, Return of the Jedi is a very good movie, but the fact that Richard Marquand is one less accomplished director than Irvin Kershner, believes that the overall feel of the film is less brilliant. George Lucas's stupid decision to add the Ewoks to the universe also causes the film to suffer from brilliance. <br /> <br /> 8/10
