About a year ago, I watched the news on TV when a story about a zombie movie filmed in my area was being broadcast. Since then, I've been paying special attention to this movie called "Fido" because it ended production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in my local theater. And yesterday I read a newspaper article saying that Fido does not attract public with limited publication, except for our local theater. In fact, here are all the other shows in the Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this makes sense because many locals want to see their city on the screen or walk around in zombie make-up. And for all the other locals who have not yet seen Fido, but consider it, I can say that many pictures appear on the screen, from the school to the city park to the forbidden zone you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. That's really beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However Fido itself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its shortcomings, it is better than most of the other 20 films that are played in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie, in which the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a clever requirement. The film goes even further, using the emphasis on 1950s conformity and playing the paranoia of the Cold War that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it builds on the notion that zombies can be tamed or trained that George Romero first introduced on the Day of the Dead. longs for a zombie servant so she can be in her block like all other housewives. His father (Dylan Baker), however, is against the idea because he once had to kill his own "zombie father". Finally, the family acquires a zombie called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and sets about living with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the casting. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, longing, hatred, and loyalty only through his eyes, his heavy body, and his grunts. Connolly shows that he can play understated characters better than his outrageously funny characters. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other Zomcoms like Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. As someone who appreciates the films of Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor in my horror. However, I understand the criticism of these horror fans, who feel that there is not enough "undead murder" in Fido. However, I am sure that the patient audiences will be rewarded by the gentle humor of the film. <br /> <br /> The film collapses in the third act. It's as if in the fifties the writers were penned into the cute premise of domesticated zombies, forgetting the narrative arc. Given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the neighborhood on screen, I rate Fido as 9 out of 10.
