A long time ago, in a distant galaxy ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original movie "Star Wars" was released. He does not remember seeing the movie for the first time, but he does not remember the life before it. He remembers the first "Star Wars" gift he got ... a shoebox full of action figures from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special this gift would be. But years later, he received what is still considered one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve he needed to complete his collection. It is now legendary in the family of this boy how his last action figure, Anakin Skywalker, was stopped being produced and carried in the stores, and how this boy went about ten years (until he came to college) to one Find and eventually buy from someone in his dorm for a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's a matter of Northern Illinois University). <br /> <br /> I can not view Star Wars as a movie. It represents absolutely all the best, fun and magic about my childhood. There is no separation of Christmas, birthdays, summers and winters in my mind. In the winter my friends and I built snowforests and pretended to be on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). The father of my friends built a terrible tree house that served as the Ewok village. They also had a huge jaw, whose lower branches were high enough to create a kind of cave underneath, and this was a great place to pretend to be in Yoda's house. I'm blatant about Star Wars, and I think people either just understand it or they do not. I do not find the charm of The Lord of the Rings or Star Trek, but I understand the rabid herds of fans following them because I'm a rabid fan of George Lucas' films. <br /> <br /> I do not have to defend my opinion about these films as one of the greatest of all time. Every time I put them in the DVD player, I feel like I was eight when life was easy and the biggest problem I had to figure out was how to find a character from Anakin Skywalker. <Br /> <br /> grade (for the entire trilogy): A +
