Perspective is a good thing. Since the release of "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace," the claims and counter-claims that Episodes II and III will make will focus on the "original" Star Wars films and make them one coherent whole. instead of separating the older and new movies into a separate trilogy. What the new films have done is to put new perspectives on the older films. This new perspective allows us to appreciate the often weakest of the original trilogy: "Return of the Jedi". ROTJ is often ridiculed for its overly "cute" factor and is in some ways just as strong as the original and just a little less impressive than the almost perfect "The Empire Strikes Back". The "cute" element of ROTJ, the Ewoks, remains a weak link throughout the series. Has George Lucas used the furry dwarfs in the movie just for merchandising opportunities? Only he can answer this question. <br /> <br /> Apart from this nice factor the movie is a brilliant full circle AND an evolution of the saga. After completing "The Empire Strikes Back," Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) follows his friends the Rebel Alliance to Tatooine, his home planet to rescue Han Solo (Harrison Ford), the space pirate became a rebel hero captured by Jabba the Hutt because of overdue debts. Skywalker has been a changed man since leaving Tatooine with Ben 'Obi Wan' Kenobi (Alec Guiness) to fight the evil Empire. Now, wrapped in black, Luke's discovery of his origins has confused and torn him. His psychological composition is not as strong as his outward appearance suggests. While he may always aim to help his rebel friends, he longs for another chance to confront the evil Darth Vader again, though he is not sure if he will destroy him or eventually turn to the Dark Side and himself joining the side of Emperor Vader br /> <br /> Early scenes in Tatooine are impressive, from Jabba's lodge over his floating palace to 'Almighty Sarlac' - an in-sand interior. Lucas' CGI improvements to the film in 1997 actually worsened the overall effect of Sarlac and made it look fake and exaggerated. <br /> <br /> The fight scene on Tatooine is outstanding and one of the most memorable of the saga. Luke almost realizes Jabba and his cronies, proving that his Jedi is now almost complete. <br /> <br /> When Luke returns to the Degobah system to revisit the sick Yoda, the viewer becomes disappointed with Yoda's marked lack of pastime. Undoubtedly the star of "The Empire Strikes Back", Yoda is almost erased from history as the fate of Luke on the screen unfolds. <br /> <br /> ROTJ is really Luke's movie, maybe even more than the original. His journey carries the film as he approaches his confrontation with Darth Vader and his fate. The other rebel figures certainly work in his shadow. The romance between Leia (Carrie Fisher) and Solo is virtually non-existent, unlike "Empire". In fact, only the character of Leia is being developed in ROTJ, the character of Solo seems to be dwindling as the facets of his personality have become well-known in the first two films. <br /> <br /> Her roles are designed to work alongside the rebels to destroy them, a brand new Death Star nearing completion. This time, the Emperor himself monitors the last stages of construction. The Empire intends to destroy the rebellion once and for all, while the Emperor himself brings the now mighty Skywalker to his side to work alongside Darth Vader (or replace that?). The Emperor is another kind of evil for this movie, less clever than Governor Tarkin (Peter Cushing) from Star Wars, psychologically darker than anything else. The Emperor, brilliantly played by Ian McDiarmid, is just one of the characters you hate. <br /> <br /> All other actors are firmly rooted in their roles. Hamill surprises as the bright-hearted Luke, who turns his character from the tiny teenage boy, an impatient student to the enlightened warrior, into one of the series's few true character creations. Ford's role is slim, for his charm and charisma were spent in the first two films - after all, he was the REAL star of the first film. Fisher's Leia is more of a prop, at least until the end of the film, when she finds things about herself that she was never sure about ... Add favorites like Alec Guiness like Kenobi, Yoda and the adorable Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2D2 and the series is more like a family than a cast. <br /> <br /> Despite the devastating forest battle between the Ewoks and the Empire, the film ends well and includes a three-part battle sequence: on Endor, in space, and on the Death Star, each with very impressive special effects. As always, the music is brilliant and captures the mood perfectly. Just as the "Blue Danube" worked perfectly for "2001: A Space Odyssey," John Williams's role is as much a part of Star Wars folklore as light sabers and power. Lucas left Lucas The end is open to interpretation, meaning more episodes could have been made. In fact, sci-fi fans have repeatedly created their own versions of episodes VII, VIII and IX in their minds. ROTJ works if given a chance, and furry cute animals are a good end to the series. <br /> <br /> If all six episodes are considered together, this saga could be the best ever made. Is it already? The addition of Episode I changed the landscape of the series. Therefore, "Return of the Jedi" can now be viewed in a different light and experience a whole new appreciation almost 20 years after its release.
