If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, tons of scary moments and relentless, escalating scenes of agonizing death, then look elsewhere. If you like a quiet, moody, thoughtful horror that rejects the blood in favor of a righteous sense of terror, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Pensive, George stressed out, his psychoanalyst Kim and her little son Miles drive into the snowy countryside for a long weekend out of town. On the way up, George hits a deer with his car. The hunters who hunted the deer are not thrilled to discover that George has finished their hunt. The disturbed hunter Otis takes it personally. He follows the family to their holiday home and makes sure they see him. He spies on George and Kim when they have sex. He shoots through the windows with his rifle when they are not at home, and lets them discover the ominous holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Miles brings Miles to the drugstore in the city, Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a display case, carved like a man with the head of a deer. An Native American tells Miles that this is the Wendigo, a forest spirit that loves meat and is always hungry. Miles takes home the character who was persecuted the day before by the death of the deer. This afternoon, when he and his father go sledding, George is shot and Miles is being chased by a creature through the woods who has hardly seen anything ... or is he just shocked and imagining the whole thing? Hours later, George is taken to the hospital, and Miles, who is still clutching his statue, either faints or dreams or goes on a vision quest in which the Wendigo returns. This time around, the angry, carnivorous god - a subtree, a partial stag, and a subhuman - chases after Otis, who has finally crossed the border. Wendigo is a beautifully made film that is almost completely silent for the wind howling through the snow-covered trees. Okay, the monster itself looks kind of spotty, but it's a small mistake more than made up for by the sincere sense of suspense and fear that runs through every image in the movie, and the eerie backdrop of the silent snow landscape. The performances are great, especially by Jake Weber as moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but sober wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this film strong. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home video, so realistic are the performances. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people find themselves totally bored and wait for the vile Lovecraftian beast and the bloody revenge that never comes. We can never really be sure if Wendigo exists at all, as seen through the eyes of a sensitive child and later through the eyes of a madman. This is more of a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it contains more than enough scary elements to satisfy fans of the subtle horror.
