Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) travel to the US to relax on weekends in Manhattan's bustling metropolis. On the way they hit a goat and land in the snow. A group of hunters pursuing the buck came by. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is crazy because the accident has broken the goat's antlers. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis, and what's worse, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where to live. Meanwhile, Miles is given a Wendigo (a type of Indian shapeshifter / monster) by an Indian he has only seen. Is Otis a psycho to get our heroes? Are there any Wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a number of issues that appeal to viewers. It's a relatively low budget movie, with technical limitations often being translucent. Much of the movie and maybe everything is not really about the title creature. And maybe the fatal blow for many people has a very ambiguous ending and a number of questions remain unanswered. If you are discouraged by such endings and do not like movies that have the purpose of thinking about and discussing what all of this means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like this. I usually prefer some ambiguity. The commercialization of Wendigo is aimed at those who want a quick, creepy creature movie, where they would expect a great fight with a supernatural monster that is defeated in the end, and everything is tied up except for an opening for Wendigo 2: The monster returns, but that's not the movie. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature strip would suggest to most people. Heck, author / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, who recites Robert Frost. The frost poem and George's comment that frost can evoke complex images and atmosphere from seemingly simple things is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about this movie is its complexity. In a sense, four different movies appear simultaneously, one thread from each character. In George's thread, he is not the luckiest or most enjoyable guy in the world, and he has some problems with his parent's education. For him, the film is a realistic, terrible descent of his life, which continues to deteriorate. In Patricia's thread she is looking for a rejuvenation of her life and her family. She is a psychologist who mostly denies the problems around her and hopes that they will go away and improve. In Otis' thread, he has even more luck than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the last "tear" in his psychological armor. And in Miles' thread, which is probably the most important of the film, life looks like a great poem because of its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But that's a horror story after all, albeit with a glimmer of hope, and the events in the film give Miles's poetic interpretations a dark twist. But when all is said and done, he seems to be the only one who keeps his composure because of his poetic attitude. <br /> <br /> Although the film has a low budget, many well-run films have higher budget ambitions. Fuckenden and cameraman Terry Stacey find great shots in beautiful locations and have created some interesting slide shows like montages (like maps or the Indian Wendigo pictures from the book). There are also interesting, more traditional montages, such as the Miles Nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The "Wendigo" performance at the end worked for me and was accordingly ambiguous. The lighting was usually good - there were a few times that dark scenes were not as clear as they could have been, but it seemed more of a problem with the movie's stand (it would have been digital instead) or the broadcast. I found the performances to be good and much more realistic (if rated) than the majority of the films. Although I did not really notice the score, it must have been okay or I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. <br /> <br /> All in all, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be seen without prejudice as long as you do not mind thinking about the movies you are watching.
