A notable example of cinematographic alchemy at work, with a banal lump of script (written by the stupefyingly mediocre Hollywood hick nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) that was magically transformed into a select 24-carat drama piece thanks to nimble direction fresh, engaging performances, world-class production values, a tasteful replica of New York's 1950s era, an infectious, tangy roll-with-the-punches tone, and a truly wondrous rhythm and blues score by the great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story is based on the success of the Supremes in real life and is a prosaic way of documenting the arduous rise of three bright-eyed, impoverished black singers for teens who desperately want to escape the rattling, uninteresting ghetto plight and make Do it big in the burgeoning world of commercial R & B music. All obvious incidents of immediate prosperity and success - egos are destructive with amok, drugs, corruption, fighting for integrity, etc. - are predictably portrayed, but luckily, the uniformly outstanding work in the other sections of the film almost completely shatters Schumacher's flat, uninspired conspiracy. The first-class spectacle helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, lively and engaging leads - and great singers. Comparatively good performances are also shown by a charming boyish "Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas, the group's patient manager, Dorian Harewood as McKey's Venal, an aggressively in love dog and an eternal Blaxploitation Baddie Tony ("Hell Up In") Harlem, " Bucktown ") King as dangerously seductive, smoothly functioning, stone cold nasty gangster. The tone fluctuates and varies from witty and poignant to melancholic and carefree, without ever skipping a beat that cleverly evolves into a fiery, uplifting ode to the extraordinary ability of the human mind to overcome extremely difficult and intimidating opportunities. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern is making a great debut in his directorial debut. The brilliant cinematography by Bruce Surtees and the professional work by Gordon Scott are both flawless. O'Stern's keen sense of historic atmosphere, an attentive gaze for small but small details and an incorruptible sense of busy, unbroken pace are equally impressive. No joke about Curtis Mayfield's impeccable soundtrack contributions. "Jump," "What can I do with this feeling?", "Givin 'Up," "Take my Hand Precious Lord," "Lovin' You Baby," and "Looking Into Your Heart" are all terribly melancholic, soulful, and incredibly fantastic Songs, with the sweetly sultry Love Jones number "Something He Can Feel", which was later recorded by both Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, which awards the best musical awards as the best song in the entire film. The net result of all of these outstanding features convincingly shows that sometimes it is not the script, but what is done with that script, which in turn determines the overall quality of a movie.
