It was a double interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the twentieth century has never been the central character in a movie *. As a film with Einstein, I can best imagine: CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (like a "Deus ex ma-china") is heard the great man who explains a point in a radio quiz show, so that Ronald Colman proved has given the right answer, and in BULLSHOT, where the great Albert is one of a dozen leading physicists and scientists who are drugged by the villain with cannabis to steal some of their machines. It is noteworthy that these two cases and the IQ are comedies. So far no one has tried to make a serious film about Einstein's life, such as John Huston's attempt to make a film with Montgomery Cliff on Freud. I think it's just too difficult to bring the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of the electromagnetic field theory into an exciting dialogue. But just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer have made a beautiful spirit. Maybe nobody really tried. <br /> <br /> (* After writing this, I remembered the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious ten years ago, but that's an exception and it was a spoof.) <br /> <br The other surprise was the actor who played the big Albert. It was Walter Matthau who took some time off from the series of films that he had made during the last decade of his career with Jack Lemmon. Matthau was a very talented and talented character actor in both comedy and drama, but his cartoon characters were usually variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich of THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They were connnivers and gonifs. Later they would abandon their criminal inclinations because we liked them more and more, but they remained grumpy types. But his Albert Einstein is really cute. Rather like his Kotch than Willie Clarke. He plays Albert as good old Uncle Albert. It seems that Matthaus Einstein lives in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) and sees a clogged professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Harry's car has to be repaired and they take it to the dealership where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls in love with Ryan, who is attracted to him - but he finds he lacks the mental equipment she admires. The good old Uncle Albert, supported by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks), decides to support Robbins and make him a seemingly unrecognized physics genius. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, provided Ryan is impressed and Fry does not spoil things (as he hopes). <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet, like Matthau and his colleagues a super physics quiz in which they help Robbins cheat (by changing their body positions). The conspiracy eventually leads to the clear lie that the brilliant Robbins built a nuclear-powered rocket ship - bringing the nation's interests into the shape of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). It was a charming comedy, and for Matthau an interesting track, in which he was not so overly normal, but much milder.
