Yes, you read that right, children. Michael Bay should have studied this film before making one of his overheated, overly long and overly meaningless "Transformers" films. "Robot Jox" is better than both and probably costs less than the crew of "Transformers", which was spent on Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this little robot gem that was initially known for the movie The bankrupt Empire Pictures Studio by Charles and Albert Band seems to be cult over the years. I like to remember how I saw it on VHS when it appeared on video back in the early '90s, and although some of the Cold War political stereotypes of that time were already outdated (just the bands' luck that the Communism would fall during the movie) It's still a damn cool little B-movie. They really do not do it that way anymore, or if they do not, they go the Bay Route and the CGI things to unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who are unfamiliar, here is the Robo-Scoop: We are you somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust great "wars" were banned. Disputes between the nations are now being settled by a representative of both sides fighting against each other in huge Shogun Warrior robots, mano-a-mano (or maybe this should be machine-o-machine-o). Which "bot" moves away from the fight wins for "his" side. Gary Graham (who would later play Detective Sykes in the television series Alien Nation) plays "Achilles," the biggest Robot Jock in Marketplace (a.k.a. the good guys). Achilles was undefeated in his last nine robotic battles (ten being the maximum number of battles before a jock is withdrawn), and at the beginning of the movie he's against his opponent from the Confederation (ie, the Russkies!). the psychotic Alexander (who is the nastiest "evil Russian" stereotype villain since Dolph Lundgren's notorious turn as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The game is called a draw when Alexander breaks the rules at the last minute with an illegal robotic move and is not only embarrassed by Achilles, but also kills a number of spectators in the deal. A rematch is planned to end the fight, but Achilles just wants to bow, hang up his helmet, and continue his life. Instead of violating the spoiler rules by revealing much more, I have to say that there are many twists and turns, behind the scenes of the cranium, and other difficulties for Achilles and his fellow "Jox" before the two robotic titans Finally, once again clash again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope I do not make this movie a masterpiece of science fiction, because it is not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I admit that it's a slightly higher concept than an average B-grade sci-fi movie, and although budgetary constraints are occasionally noticeable (especially in the scenes where there is some painful obvious greenscreen trickery), It is still the best-looking movie in the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. The robot combat scenes are very well done with old-school stop-motion / model techniques, and the sets and costumes do not look the slightest half-saturated. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("re-animator") Gordon definitely looked for the stars with this image. Unfortunately, it did not quite come out for her (or for the studio), but at least we got a cool little movie from the deal. Conclusion: If you want to be acoustically and visually attacked for more than 2 hours, you can rent a "Transformers" movie. In the end, you'll probably feel like you've spent all that time playing someone else's video game. If you want a rock'em, sock'em robot, get Robot Jox instead.
