"The Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an aging drummer who befriends a happily married American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically "noble") on the surface seems to be a "tough guy", he is actually just a mass of neuroses and uncertainties. A man who realizes that his job has practically left him alone. World and friendless. So on his birthday he grabs Danny, a man who has lived his life by the rules and is strangely fascinated by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find in themselves the person they could never be, but they wish they could become self-appraisals in their quieter, more open-minded moments. <br /> <br /> Although the film is a bit too "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" to feel totally fresh and original, "The Matador", however, earns points for the complexity of his characters and the Quality of his actions. Brosnan, aged and almost exhausted, sinks his role in the role of Julian in an unprecedented way. Brosnan plays a man who is constitutionally unable to make a serious connection with another human being. In a moment, Brosnan is funky and reckless, then sincere and sympathetic the next. He always keeps us out of balance, so the humor never gets blatant or stale. Kinnear is also honored as a regular Joe businessman, who moves deeper and deeper into the dark side as his relationship with Julian deepens. Hope Davis does a good job as a "bean," Danny's faithful and affectionate wife, who, like her husband, is fascinated by this mysterious and "dangerous" character from a world far different from the one she knows. <br /> <br At times, we feel that "The Matador" is holding us back a bit and is not exploring the depths of his situation and premise. In the end, it feels a bit too light, too little to register the effects. This may be because this is the feature film debut of director Richard Shephard, and he has not brought his film so far yet. Nevertheless, it is appreciated that he does not always strive for the obvious and focuses on the two main characters in the play, seldom settling for the banal setup or the simple laugh. <br /> <br /> "The Matador" is a flawed, but generally entertaining little comedy that will hopefully signal a new phase in Brosnan's acting career.
