Fassbinder's most elaborate production sacrifices little of his talent for identifying and deconstructing a place of suffering in long, mobile takes that somehow acts as a social encapsulation. Here it is much more obvious, as the story in war-torn Germany at the end of the Second World War plays and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria), the weaknesses (both economic and gender-specific reasons) catapult itself makes the ladder a prominent textile company. this makes coveted goods like leather trousers available to needy workers (as in the past). Maria and her new husband, Herrmann, who are married between the Allied air raids, are allowed to spend short honeymoon before being shipped to the Russian front. In his absence, she is desperate: she spends most of her days at the station, waiting to be returned. When he is reported as dead, she abruptly stops mourning and takes a job as barmaid / prostitute in a brothel for American GIs. <br /> <br /> When he returns, things become much messy as the circumstances (and his mind) Conspire to separate them. The message is Fassbinder M.O. Capitalized, "Love is colder than death," Mary does not only compete with her own reason and a husband who for the most part can not love her, but a land in a deep river with no apparent light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes some sort of statement about post-war Germany sold to the highest bidder, but as with all of his films, I tend to hide those elements and concentrate on the unbearable passions shown: Fassbinder, like his characters is caused; his actors were filtered through their real connections with Fassbinder. Taken together, his films can often be suddenly unbearable or indescribably hypnotic; that's somewhere in between, but definitely closer to the latter. While I did not like the bitter tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly has more latitude and beyond that I could feel his passion and authentic detail for human emotions.
