The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria), who is married shortly before the end of the war with a German soldier (Herman Braun). After being married half a day and one night, Herman is sent back to the front. To make ends meet, Maria works in a bar for mostly American soldiers and meets a black soldier. She learned that Herman died at the front, and it develops between her and the American soldier. Herman comes in, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria has killed the American. Herman admits the murder ends up in jail and Maria vows to wait for him. The land is in ruins; You see, people leave everything they buy for a cigarette. There is food shortage. It is a time of survival of the fittest. Basically, this film projects Mary's attitudes - the attitudes she admits under the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for the loss of German soul after the war and how it rebuilds. For example, Maria has the following conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder herself); The peddler tries to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and she notices that "Kleist burns out quickly, he does not provide enough heat for the cold". The peddler replies, "It's a different view, it's probably the right way right now." <br /> <br /> Maria meets a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after she has hit the first-class train compartment. She decides to get involved with Karl: "You have no affair with me, I have an affair with you". She also assumes responsibility in the company and has the full trust of the company after some time. When Karl says, "I think we just have to wait for a miracle," she replies. "I prefer to do miracles, then wait for them." In her own words, she became the Mata Hari of the Economic Miracle. In many Fassbinder films he tried to uncover the psychological processes behind social mechanisms (see Freud); In other words, he liked to focus his camera on the bullshit, the wrong social mechanisms and pretending. Maria's direct approach in this film succeeds in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls Karl and when he lifts the phone, her request comes directly to the point "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said, "the emotions that people felt did not exist at all and were just a sort of sentimentality that we believed we needed to be a functioning member of society." He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially liked the scene when Karl and Maria met in the Munich restaurant (apparently frequented by Hitler himself). Maria appears under control and Karl a bit down, as if Maria's "brutal honesty" exhausted him, as if he was no longer completely equal to the situation. Karl says "I have to keep telling myself that I love life". Maria replies, "Life is not like that, as if we signed a contract to enjoy life, and then we go out to eat and talk about food." I think this is also about Fassbinder's attitude to relationships, never completely submitting to anyone. And why should you, when the central issue of most of his films is "What will love in this society be a commodity, a power instrument, a weapon". <br /> <br /> It has been pointed out that Fassbinder's typical scenes with Maria and Betti after the war are to run in the ruins in expensive clothes - with these garments essentially the wrong period. What I believe he wanted to portray was these attitudes, when you feel bad that "you can always make-up and make the day look great". Fassbinder, however, was not interested in perfection. Mistakes made in one movie could easily be corrected in the next project. Since he has made films (about four times a year) like other people have rolled cigarettes, it is not uncommon for this movie to have some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably had dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American over night in the park. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant as Maria. Most of the time she only stares dully into the camera. In Maria's own words, "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it that way." <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a hard attack, Herman finally appears. (Herman went to Australia to get "human again.") After the will has been delivered (she and Herman cut in half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove as she lights her cigarette and blasts her and Herman in the air. It's obvious to me that she did it by accident. At the same time she must have been shaken as her dreams finally come true. She must have felt like she was no longer herself. She felt as if she had survived herself.
