Maria Braun got married in the middle of the fight for her and her husband Hermann. At first an explosion broke through the building, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers in a heap of rubble on the street. Maybe this will seem like a tough metaphor for what's to come: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is an engagement in which the husband goes to war and is held in a Russian prison camp, without the helpless but hopeful and proud Maria, who is still standing in the depressing rubble of the station while some are coming home while others are not , with a sign waiting for Hermann. <br /> <br /> There are difficulties, as in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and one of his best and most provocative is how Mary (in this role unusually great Hanna Schygulla) will do a double face: She will stand by her husband, even if it means working in a bar for American GIs, and even after hearing from a soldier that Hermann has died, he will still stand next to him while she is with Black GI sleeps a man and is about to give birth to his child (that is, of course, until it reappears and a murder occurs and he takes the rap to make sure), or for a German businessman (effectively likable Ivan Desny) works and sometimes will be mistress and rising star in the enterprise. Maria will do anything to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say that there is something about Mary that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all this becomes interchangeable for Maria. She's like the feminist who has her cake and eats her with a sultry smile: she gets more or less a husband (actually much less until the last ten minutes of the movie) as she buys things - a man who thanks her whenever he can, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money - the other around her not get, because she is already with a man or is too weak to be able to ascend somewhere (like the secretary, interesting played enough) by Fassbinder's own mother). <br /> <br /> Mary is sexy, confident and alone, with an idealized life that goes against a life that should be in the shade. She says of the two men - the American soldier and the poor old and sick Oswald - that she loves her and at the same time clings to those roses that the confused and soul-searching husband Hermann sends out of Canada after being released from prison. She has a profile that a feminist would like to overthrow, but she understands where she comes from and goes all the way. Fassbinder uses this inherent contradiction, and moments with Mary seem to go against the conventions of a melodrama (for example, when Hermann enters the cheering and half-naked Maria and GI, it is a masterpiece of a scene, with Mary's reaction not surprising or guilty) pure luck, to see that he is there, let alone live), while he remains as a director of such a high-minded technique with an action that should be predictable. But not really that way. It's like a great metaphor for a country that could not really move on to normal after the war. A few times Fassbinder sounds in the background, and Maria looks around her family home, hectic activity around her, and the radio speaks of a divided Germany, of still very troubled things of a disorder. Maybe the only way to deal with it is over-riding, or maybe that's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It's difficult to say under Shygulla's face and eyes. It's truly an incredible achievement, one of those showstoppers that captures the glamor and charm of an old-fashioned Hollywood star as she plays with the dirty ethics of a girl on the street. Most meaningful are the contrasting costumes seen in a scene when she finally gets together with her husband, where she plays in one of those super-sexy black lingerie pieces and high heels and then dresses up without thinking about it. This is almost the essence of what Mary is, and Schygulla charms it wonderfully, a stubborn but somehow loving figure who is worshiped and confused by the men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; Although I might prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a character study, which makes a woman lose (almost) nothing.
