"The Student of Prague" is an early horror drama, or an author's film (aka an auteur film). This film is a member of a movement of many movements that paid tribute to the Cinéma or simply made a profit by adapting literature or theater to the screen. Luckily, the story of this book with moving pictures is good. Alfred de Musset's poem and a story by Edgar Allen Poe are about doppelgangers. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film is mainly caused by the double exposure effects that make Paul Wegener appear twice in scenes. Guido Seeber was a special-effects wizard in his day, but he's not very good at positioning or moving the camera. However, the film scholar Leon Hunt (printed in "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative") has made an interesting analysis of this film by reinforcing the double theme with frames: characters divided left / right, near / far and frontal are / diagonal border of characters and shots. Regardless, the movie usually consists of extended long beats from a fixed position, which is remarkably primitive. Worse is the lack of editing; There is very little scene dislocation and scenes linger. None of this is uncommon for 1913, but there were more advanced films in this regard, including the better parts of 'Atlantis' (August Blom, 1913) and 'Twilight of a Woman's Soul' (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913). and the short films by DW Griffith. <br /> <br /> An extended universal vocabulary from 1926 would allow for a superior remake. In addition, the remake has a reason for the Lyduschka figure, apart from the fact that there are occasional troublemakers and spectators. Here, the intrusive Gypsy seems to be lurking in a cloak of invisibility. I know that her world is dumb for me, but I assume her world would not keep silent for her with her moving lips. How can Lyduschka then look over the shoulder of others and not be noticed? Nevertheless, this is one of the most interesting early films conceptually. Wegener, who had apparently been the main mind behind this film, not only played the lead role, but later played the title role and was co-director of "The Golem" (1920), which helped to further the supernatural thread in the German silent cinema open . <br /> <br /> (Note: The first version I looked at was about an hour long (certainly not completely finished) and was in a bad shape with bleached faces and so I have since Alpha-DVD, which contains no longer existing footage after 41 minutes and also has less and very different title cards, but is not that bad visually.
