One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German Expressionism, the highly atmospheric film style that developed in Berlin in the 1920s. Classic films like "The Cabinet Of Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, A Symphony of Horror" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and although the sentence did not have a long life, its enormous impact on cinema is still felt today, especially in the horror genre , One of the key figures of this style was director Paul Wegener, director of 1920's "The Golem, How He Came Into the World", as early as his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before the creation of this classic he already made experiments with Expressionism in the Movie. Incidentally, this early prototype of German Expressionism was another horror film: "The Student of Prague". "The Student of Prague", is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best fencer in Prague, but always in financial difficulties. One day Balduin rescues beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse accidentally dropped her. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon he discovers that he has to compete with her wealthy cousin Graf von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Since Balduin knows he can not offer her much, he wants to be wealthy, and here a wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth against what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal, only to discover in horror that Scapinelli has his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Loosely inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's short story "William Wilson" and the classic legend of "Faust". The story of "The Student of Prague" was designed by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature who was one of the first writers to regard the script as another form of literature. "The Student of Prague" was written at a time when cinema in Germany was still being developed as an art form. It shows the willingness to actually use the cinema to tell a fully developed story beyond a camera trick or a series of scenes. Like most screenwriters of his time, Ewer's script is still heavily influenced by the theater, though "The Student of Prague" is gradually moving away from the style. Although Ewers is a little poor in character development (especially in the secondary characters), but creates an interesting and complex protagonist with Balduin. <br /> <br /> While "The Student of Prague" directed Paul Wegener's debut and Stellan Roges's second film as a filmmaker, it's clear these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what cinema can do when it is done right. The two young filmmakers make great use of Guido Seeber's cinematography and create a powerful Gothic atmosphere that predicts what the German filmmakers of the following decade would do. Wegener would learn many of the techniques he would use in his "Golem" series from Seeber and Rye. Despite very limited resources, Rye and Wegener manage to create an amazing and for the time very convincing visual effect for the scenes with Balduin's reflection (played also by Wegener). Wegener, who was already an experienced stage actor at the time of filming, leads the cast with great talent and tries to break away from the devious style of former filmmakers. As a Balduin Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the film. It is certainly helpful that his character is the only one fully developed by the author, but one can not deny that Wegener was very good in his role as a poor student who loses more than just his reflection in this contract. John Gottowt plays the scary Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that fits the character like a glove. Little is said about Scapinelli in the movie, but Gottowt makes sure he is a dreaded force. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate, as Grete Berger as Countess Margit is fairly average and Lothar Körner makes a poor Earl of Schwarzenberg. It must be said, however, that Lyda Salmonova was pretty good in her expressive character, and Fritz Weidemann has made an outstanding Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg showing the dignity that Lörner's character should have had. In those years, made in other countries and the fact That his remake (13 years after this film) is superior in every way, it is not difficult to understand why "The Prague Student" did not pass the time as a test and other early films. The main problem of the film is definitely its extremely low budget, as the movie was much shorter than the story of Ewers, which had to be fully developed. As a result, the plot sometimes feels vague or incomplete, as if something was missing in the narrative (of course, there is also the possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). "The Student of Prague", however, is a very interesting early attempt to make a complex story of horror and suspense in film, which, while defeated by other filmmakers, left a strong impression in the story at the time. <br /> <As a direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the importance of "The Student of Prague" in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may even look outdated for its time, but given its director's limited resources, it's actually better than most films of that time. As the film that began Paul Wegener's career, and with this German Expressionism, "The Student of Prague" is a must for anyone interested in this piece of film history. 10.7
