1927, and Hollywood has been on the map for over a decade as the center of the film world. Now that a million dollar industry has developed here and the vertically integrated studio system has been established, some of the quieter quarters of this film factory have taken the time for a little self-reflection. The Last Command, while his heart could be the classic story of a once-prestigious man in a difficult time, framed this story with a bleak look at how cinema unreleasably recreates reality and how its production process can mercilessly be impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who had been on the scene long enough to know it. <br /> <br /> At the center of the stage is a man who was one of Hollywood's most famous immigrants at the time? Emil Jannings. Prior to coming to the US, Jannings had worked mainly in comedy and was a master of Hammy music, but in a rather witty way, often as pompous authority figures or idiots of old people. He makes his entry into The Last Command as the latter, and at first it looks like this would be another of Janning's scenery-like cartoons. As the story progresses, however, the actor can demonstrate his range by alternately showing delicate frailty, serene dignity, and ultimately incredible power and presence in the finale. He never stops being a stupid exaggeration (the German actor tradition knows nothing about subtlety), but he always retains full control over every facet of his performance. The director, however, was another immigrant one who had been in Hollywood for some time and had no experience with the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated the image of the artistic and imperious Teutonic Cinema master (the "of" was invented by the way) and pursued the craft very differently. Noteworthy in this image is his handling of tempo and tone, a good example is the first of the Russian flashback scenes. We open ourselves with a carefully constructed chaos of converging movements, which include the audience as the camera retreats and extras scroll across the screen. When Jannings arrives, everything is calmed down. The power of Jannings is unbelievably calm and measured, and as the players around him begin to reflect, it seems as though his mere presence has restored order. Sternberg seems to show an aversion to violence that allows the most grim of moments to take place off-screen, implying that they have been done with an almost poetic flow of images. In fact, he actually seems to have an all-round interest in action. In the scene of the rebellion of the prisoners Sternberg takes a restrained and objective attitude, and his camera finally retreats to a position in front of the wall. Compare this to the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex mix of point-of-view shots and intense close-ups that bump into their interaction. <br /> <br /> As a personality on set, it seems Sternberg resembled the cold and callous director played by William Powell on the screen. In fact, Powell's account is probably a deliberate parody in which even Sternberg himself would have been. Unfortunately, this harsh attitude did not make him easy to work with, and coupled with his concentration on his technical resources over his human, the smaller performances in his pictures leave something to be desired. While Jannings shows classic hammering in the Charles Laughton mode, which works dramatically, it seems like no one is telling his co-stars that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, she gives us some good emotions, but surpasses them here and there. The only performance that Jannings comes close to is Powell. It's a bit strange to see the normally lovable star of The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld play such a stern and humorless figure as a male Ninotchka, but he does a good job showing a smoldering emotional intensity beneath his hard-hearted appearance. <br /> <br /> The Last Command could easily have torn some feathers into studio offices, as this is accompanied by derogatory commentary on the film making process, even though this is a relatively tame example. At least I think that many studio heads would have been dissatisfied with the behind-the-scenes view, as it threatened the mystique of filmmaking, which was still very much alive at the time. As it turned out, the picture had the impression that Jannings won the Best Actor Oscar for the Best Actor and a Best Writing Lajos Biro nomination and, according to some sources, though the theme is somewhat vague, Best Picture nomination. This is significant as the Academy was a tiny institution at the time and the first awards were more than ever a self-serving setback for the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it and were ready to reward it.
