Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first movie produced by the hero's own production company (Shintaro Katsu). This may be the reason why this is a bit less entry into the series, although it is by no means weak overall. It tells of our hero who came through two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious Ronin who helped the poor, and this buildup is about a story that includes tragedy, violence and no small interest. All served with heaps of unobtrusive but inspired swordplay of the serial brands. It's a pretty predictable storyline and it does not seem surprising, but it's all about style and interesting stuff. The helpful ronin, for example, is an extremely inscrutable revolutionary character that disturbs the established order without being painted as a truly sympathetic or heroic figure. Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and causes harm through his actions, while the ruling system encourages the exploitation of the system arm. It's a tough world, with one or two more visceral moments than expected, though things are not as compelling as they might be. Shintaro Katsu shows a typical bravura performance as Zatoichi that blends wisdom, deadly dexterity, and worldliness with a slightly sad sense of vulnerability, while solid work also appears from Rentarô Mikuni and an effectively unpleasant Kô Nishimura (later than Katsu's superior "snake") , Magobei in the Hanzo trilogy) as the two main bosses in the film. There is also a good emotional twist from Yuko Hamada as a woman wronged. The film loses in shaky tempo and a less well-constructed sequence of events, there is at least a slightly harrowing leap in time, and the power of action is lost a bit, meaning that if things heat up towards the end, the film will not ' As exciting as it may be, the emotional impact is also lost. The plot or scenes of Zatoichi using his ingenious abilities are well-controlled by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although part of gambling is less interesting and the film is built in a more technical rather than truly inspired way, without the lively characters or the strong Swing of other rates. Still, I've enjoyed this piece, it has its flaws and is not one of the best in the series, but it still contains a sweet, satisfying dose of entertainment, a good story and decent cans of Zatoichi's signature, ingenious and quirky cool. Recommended for fans of the series and a reasonable entry point, great stuff, if not really great.
