This is one of the strangest films of the Zat么ichi series, due to its very unusual tempo and the role that Ichi plays in the film. Interestingly, this was the first Zat么ichi movie by Shintaro Katsu's new production company. Instead of just playing the blind swordsman, Katsu is responsible for the filming. This could easily explain why this film stylistically deviates from the previous 15 films. In terms of Ichi's role, the film is very different because he is not that often in the movie. He's also easy to fool, and in fact, for a while he harms many people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" starts with Ichi talking to an old lady trying to exploit his blindness. Strangely enough, Ichi says in this scene that he is blind to a toddler. In an earlier movie, however, he says he was 8 years old. This is a small mistake, and only a crazy fan like me would have noticed. <br /> <br /> This movie will run for at least six months and has probably taken a year - so you can see what I've said about weird pace. Most of the films in the series run for a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to a city where there is a boss (Asagoro) who tries hard to be nice to Ichi because he knows the call of the blind man. The boss is very charming and surprisingly, Ichi is completely absorbed by the bad guy. At the same time he meets another boss (Shushui) - a kind of guru for the poor. Shushui admonishes people to give up violence, and even Ichi falls under his teachings and gives up his blade for many months. Shushui's teachings are very similar to the Taoist teachings of China - non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (for better or for worse). <br /> <br /> Months after I left this city thinking everything was good, Ichi learns that Asagoro showed his true colors as soon as he left - enslaved women, oppressed the poor, and became an all-round fool , In a way, Ichi is responsible for helping Asagoro and counting him as a friend. Now, Asagoro has captured Shushui and several innocent people have been killed because of the evil boss's actions. When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or evil, but tests him deftly. This piece with a scarecrow is inspired and leads to a finale in which Ichi kills the evil and releases Shushui. This final was very good and took place in the rain. Then the final scene with Asagoro and the rocks is great, though decapitating for today's special-effect standards is a bit cheesy. <br /> <br /> Pluses for the movie are that it's not very moving, but different and can not be mistaken for the previous 15 (which often seem very similar). It also ends very well. One downside (aside from the tempo) is that some might not like seeing Ichi fallible, and the scenes with Ichi and the other blind men involved in the comic relief fall flat ... very, very, very flat. They are sticky and not funny ... that's the kind of apartment it is.
