Gundam Wing is an amazing show from beginning to end, every single episode is a pleasure to see. The story is typical of Gundam, in the future the Earth's population will grow as we create space colonies to expand. The story, however, plays in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It's the year after colony 195 and the corrupt Earth government, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, is forcibly taking over the free colonies. To fight the control of the Alliance and the even greater threat (a malevolent militarist organization hiding under the name OZ and later taking control of the Earth and the colonies), selected members of the Colonies send 5 super-powerful 'Mechs to Earth to try to save the colonies from the threat that will come soon. Known as Gundams, these 'Mechs fight OZ and seek to regain peace in the colonies, while OZ takes on the front stage, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing as I As mentioned before, I think the probably most interesting Gundam series is to be seen. Much of this is the difference between this series and all other Gundam series, but the stories are also far deeper and more complicated than most other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam show I've ever seen. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and relationships between these characters than on the epic space combat. Do not get me wrong, this show still has a lot of epic battles in it and the show retains the epic atmosphere of the other Gundam series, but this is achieved as the story follows an ensemble of 6 or 7 characters Following only 1. <br /> <br /> No matter how you look at it, it's truly one of the most unique and entertaining Gundam series, and I recommend it to any fan of Anime or Sci. fi in general. The show offers some amazing animation and great action, but the depth and complexity of the story keeps you coming back. The characters are so well drawn at the end of the show that you end up loving each one of them. This show is definitely one that you should not miss. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
