The matador is better at thinking because he seems so light at the time you look at him. The humor is always medium-sized, never uncomplicated, but never good-natured. The story is a very simple thread. The plot's features are often recycled elements, namely the unscrupulous villain who needs a buddy, and the no-frills, glass-seeking person who needs security in life, work together and learn from each other and complement each other. I do not think that bullfighting parallel to the story is necessary because it is simply cruel and the imagery is barely powerful enough to carry itself. It's really a good movie, though, even though it was so thin and uninfluenced at the time, it was not. It has a subtle way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I think the reason why it takes the audience slowly, but surely, is because it's a formula that's nothing new, even the most humor, both main characters, practically the only characters , are somehow met and met. Forget to call them really. I do not mean that. What I mean by that is that even though Pierce Brosnan's dirty, happy, hurried hit man is a freestanding comic figure, he is firmly gripped by the writer and definitely by Brosnan, who aggressively communicates how much he likes the fresh James Bondless character. Breath enjoys. The character of Greg Kinnear seems to be similar in his detached writing, but he has given some very unexpected footnotes, which pass us for a moment due to the light-footedness of the film, but were then hit a moment later. Then we realize that the film does not just analyze or aircraft, trains and automobiles are returned to normal. It's really something to say. <br /> <br /> The highlight of the film is a kind that wants to be part of a thriller with twists. But how can that possibly be the focus of the film with its lightness, even though the plot has already led to it? No, the focus is on what gets Brosnan and Kinnear out of their unlikely relationship. Strangely, The Matador is a movie about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so gentle and accepted that Brosnan is constantly interrupting his life, it is beginning to become clear that Brosnan Kinnear rescues from a down-to-earth version of his own feelings as a means of salvation , The very last scene of the film stays with me. I think it's the place where the subtle side of the movie finally seeps in.
