Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the ongoing Gundam Chronicles. In contrast to the previous entries, which focused on massive wars, this one is slightly different; Instead of being in an army-against-army situation, it is led by five teenage boys (because of their ability to fit in more easily than normal adults) and their Gundams machines because of the metal alloy used in their construction. Which leads to problems as Gundams are to be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suits", the less destructive weapon platforms and "Dolls", which are based on A.I. to run. and are used as grunty infantry. <br /> <br /> The crux of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an edge over a larger part of the anime that comes here. Mostly because most anime come from popular magazines like Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, Dragonball Z and InuYasha, all from Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing Sets Aside from most of the anime, Gundam is very humanistic rather than exaggerated battles between mortals, who are more like gods, and seems to revel in the fact that it is dramatic and is not melodramatic and events unfold gracefully throughout the series. There are usually more than a few series in anime that believe that the best way to fight a "small" battle is to spend half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam outperformed this by ensuring everyone knows that characters die, machines are destroyed and rebuilt, fights are lost and won, and it never appears as though the acts themselves are satirical. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in the details, and what this series offers for more anime would be grateful. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or exaggerated martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard-line science fiction from a country that hates hard-line science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to note that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a plausible, realistic science-fiction because of the religious theme that is at the heart of its series.) They love Star Wars, but they hate A.I. (the film). Well, why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is currently in production for Japanese and American releases simultaneously with two voice teams. The American public only has to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture the dubbed or subtitled versions or even the edited SeeD episodes aired on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The feeling is that these two sides that are at war are technically backward. The heroes are the ones who defend the rights of the richer and more aristocratic citizens of the world from the gang of terrorists who want to win at any price, and at any cost, who are the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not a war, this is "total war". Every person, every building, every street is an attack target, both on the ground and outside. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason why she did not reach the score of ten, is that of about forty-three years of the way through, it's just dead for some episodes, and nobody really seems to be dead to change. A bit like a flashback of the present, which is fine because of the depictions of the characters, but at the same time pulls down what should be between the project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the spent cartoon network (back 2001-2003) of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: The endless Waltz movie more than make up for the gap.
