A team of archaeologists discovers a real treasure? the crown of the Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown is to be transferred by steamboat to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There are many thieves who would like to receive the precious jewels in the crown. Fortunately for all involved, Mr. Moto is available to guard the crown on its journey. However, that does not mean that someone will not try to get the treasure in their hands. <br /> After the disappointment of Mr. Motos Gamble, I went to Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation to hope for the best, but admittedly the worst thing to worry about. But within the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew it would be more fun. I'm a fan of a 1930s puzzle that has everything to do with archaeological excavations in Egypt. And when Moto was disguised as a German archaeologist (imagine Peter Lorre playing a German?), The first scenes really start on me. Although the movie quickly shifted to the less exotic San Francisco, it remained equally enjoyable. Dark, weird characters lurking in the rainy night; Shots were fired from open windows that barely missed the hero's head; Sophisticated and supposedly foolproof alarm systems that beg only to test them and master criminals believed they were dead? These are the elements that have been found in many of the really good secrets of the 30s that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation and has everything. A few other bonuses for me were the always enjoyable Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, comic relief by G.P. Huntley is actually funny and a return to Mr. Moto. I mentioned his disguise in the opening scenes of the movie. Well, the sporty moto comes close to the movie finals. Moto is like a whirling dervish as he pursues his prey. All this and I have not even mentioned the wonderful performance of Lorre. No matter how you look at it, Mr. Moto takes a vacation, is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that the Mr. Moto series had to end after this installment, it's understandable if you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not have gone well. At least the Mr. Moto series ended very positively.
