Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a batsman. Or an "agent of death", as he is better known. He is also a drunk, a womanizer and in the middle of a midlife crisis. While working in Mexico City, he encounters Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an inconsistent businessman who thinks he's just unlucky, but is not sure. They meet late at night in the hotel bar, after both had a few too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> Sounds like the set-up for a comedy thriller with the numbers, right? But it's not Instead, The Matador is a fun and sometimes touching character study. It avoids any turn that suggests the above summary, sometimes even just to relish them with relish. It's a movie that respects the characters enough to just keep them going, without the need to put them into unnecessary conspiracy plans. <br /> <br /> However, this is unfair for both performances. Bond is a half-formed idea, a product of everything that has gone before. Julian, on the other hand, is a fully trained character with his own motivations and mistakes. He has existed for so long in his own shady, seedy world that he has forgotten to speak with another human being. When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal man with a normal job and normal problems. He envies Danny; The hitman is full and looks closer and closer to his inevitable "burn out" approach, as he puts it. As Danny opens about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a joke. He is a man who, in his own words, "ran away from any emotion." Kinnear holds its own against Brosnan's performance and injects Danny White with his effortless, omnipresent charm. He is the perfect foil for Julian; While the latter is drunken Bravado and hedonism, Danny is down to earth, with a hint of eccentricity. But he also goes deeper than his established personality and shows us how far everyone will go before the financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the three key scenes of the film: the hotel bar; a bullfight, in which Julian tells Danny what he does for a living and leads him through a dress rehearsal for a murder; and a scene in which Julian shows up at Danny half a year later. This scene also introduces us to Danny's wife Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much The Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking in her house in the presence of a hired murderer, merely asks with forced rest, "Did you bring your weapon?" The script is not quite as good as it might have been after a rewrite. One or two lines seem a little forced, and a few jokes need a bit more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) are talking, writing is excellent. The film has no need to bring the characters into unusual situations (except for a hitman and the hitman who appears at your doorstep). It just lets them talk and nudges them gently to the necessary plot points. <br /> <br /> There are actions, but only if they are the characters. A notable case is that Julian botched a job in Budapest because he sees himself through his rifle range. The rest of the film is about the characters, how they interact with each other, and how they interact with each other. And ultimately, it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At some point Julian Danny says he is his only friend. And he really means it like that.
