It's very hard to rate this movie. As an entertainment value for the viewers of the 21st century it fails miserably. For the student of early sound films and history, however, it is a gem. "Show of Shows" was a revue shot to compete with MGM's successful "Hollywood Revue of 1929," which is still fully preserved in their Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the All-Star Revue was to present the silent stars of a studio in speaking roles and show that they could make the transition. Warner Bros., however, seems to have forgotten this and employs many acts and stars that they have not even had under a long-term contract, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a marching band. Meanwhile, her greatest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably missing. Even with a high salary, he could not be forced to meddle. Almost every act is too long and the movie is like a dozen Vitaphone shorts lined up with no continuity. The finale is also overly long, but it's really fun with all the dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film are two numbers by Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub". , a few numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore, who performed Shakespeare, and the Chinese fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the film that survived in Technicolor and is really very attractive. The actors of these good acts were rightly long-time stars of Warner Bros. Therefore, the director may have known how he can use his strengths because he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film serves as a snapshot of a curious point in film history - the year 1929, which was the bridge year between two epochs - the dumb and sound time and the roaring 20's and the Great Depression. Only two years later, this film would have had a completely different cast as Warner Bros. had abandoned its stars and the stars they employed to produce only the early musicals in favor of the stars that gave Warner Bros. its distinctive urban look and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
