I saw this movie again as a task for my management class. Was mainly to comment on the different leadership styles and ideas about the quality (of the product). I rented it in the eighties and I remember it's a good (but not great) movie. I have always liked the style and delivery of Michael Keaton. He was perfect for the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie. I admit that it is not an Oscar winner, but it has a decent comedy value. It is more of a subtle comedy than an uncompromising farce. I also find some of those who felt that this was an inaccurate film about cultural and business differences. I beg to differ. I admit once again that there are many generals and dramatizations, but on the other hand, this Hollywood movie is not a documentary. From what I've read at the time about differences between automakers on both sides of the Pacific, many of the basic ideas for the time were right. <br /> <br /> Some of the fundamental differences were the Japanese workers who felt they were part of the company as a whole. Teamwork was emphasized. Maybe they made the company over everything else. Where the American workers had a relationship between management and work. The individual was more important than the company. I probably get a hate email about this comment. I am sure. <br /> <br /> Another difference was how quality was considered and whose responsibility it was to fix the problem. In many Japanese plants, defects or problems are investigated and remedied at the time of their discovery. Rather than a character in the film, it says "it was the dealer's problem (ie car dealer)". Many of these things are probably outdated, but I'm sure there are still so many US cars. Manufacturers are still struggling with the Japanese. If you are more interested in the topic of American, European and Japanese car manufacturers, I can recommend a book that deals with this topic in more detail and has emerged during the same period. The book is called "The Machine That Changed the World" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. It is a study of automakers during and before the period this film covers. The parts are a bit dry, but I think you'll find that the movie also supports a lot.
