In the 1980s, long before NAFTA was inaugurated and companies began to shed their national identities, the United States and Japan were in the throes of the world's production race. Do you remember expressions like "Union Yes!", "The Japanese are taking over this country" and "Americans are lazy?" <br /> <br /> When the Reagan era came to an end and corporations approached a global marketplace, Ron Howard ruled one of his many journeys into the comedy genre with his "Gung Ho" shot in 1986, in which the US US box office revenues over $ 36 million. Dated in many ways, Howard's humorous story about the confluence of cultures in the workplace still provides harsh truth to industrial life today. <br/> <br/> 'Gung Ho' focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton), the union representative from Hadleyville, a small, defeated city in the foothills of Pennsylvania. Stevenson was asked to visit the Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to the real Toyota), considering a US operation in the city's empty factory. Hundreds of inhabitants are unemployed and the city is close to collapse. Assan decides to move here, and Stevenson is hired as a liaison between company officials and workers on the assembly line. The 112 minutes of 'Gung Ho' is a humorous look at these two sides, taking into account their strengths and weaknesses: on the one hand, an American workforce that values ​​their traditions but is often trapped in the madness of pride and the trade union movement; On the other hand, Japanese workers who are extremely dedicated to their work, lacking personal satisfaction and self-esteem. In Stevenson we find an average average intelligence of the American working class that can come in contact with misunderstandings. With the survival of his workers' jobs and most of Hadleyville on the line, Stevenson is a sympathetic guy who wants nothing more than a fair chance, though his wisdom will bring him great trouble. In addition to answering the heads of Assan, we are experiencing a delicate balance between Stevenson and his association members, with whom he grew up many. These include Buster (George Wendt), Willie (John Turturro) and Paul (Clint Howard, Ron's brother). The Japanese cast is led by Gedde Watanabe, also known for "Sixteen Candles" and "". Volunteers. 'Watanabe plays Kazihiro, the plant manager, who has missed his fortune and feels compassion for American life. He is constantly shadowed by Saito (Sab Shimono), the nephew of Assan's CEO, who desperately wants to take his place in the pecking order. These characters convey a light touch and convey very good ideas of Japanese work culture. <br /> <br /> With Hunt Stevenson dominating the script, Michael Keaton must give a solid performance for this movie to work. "Gung Ho" is indeed an absolute success for Keaton, who collaborated with Ron Howard in The Paper in 1994. He filmed this movie during a series of lighter roles, including 'Mr. Mom, Beetle Juice and The Dream Team before joining Batman, One Good Cop and My Life. It's also hard not to like the performance of Gedde Watanabe as an odd man who first wears Japanese ribbons of shame before he teamed up with Stevenson to make the car factory one coherent unit. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is first class. Nott, including Wendt, Turturro, Shimono and Soh Yamamura as Assan boss Sakamoto. Mimi Rogers has a romantic interest as Audrey, Hunt's girlfriend. Edwin Blum, Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Almond have teamed up for Gung Ho's solid writing. The incidental music, which was awarded a BMI Film Music Award, was composed by Thomas Newman. Gung Ho's soundtrack songs are wall-to-wall 80's, including "Do not Get Me Wrong," "Tuff Enuff," and "Working Class Man." <br /> <br /> The success of 'Gung Ho' is actually the success led to a short-lived TV series on ABC. Although Ron Howard's film is more impressive as a social commentary twenty years ago, it still has its funny value. It is available on DVD as part of the Paramount Widescreen Collection and will be slightly shortened. The audio options are available in English: 5.1 Surround, English Dolby Surround and French "dubbing", subtitles only in English. There are no extras, not even the movie trailer. On the positive side, Paramount's digital transmission is quite good, with little effort after the lead and high quality sound. Although a few extras would have been helpful - especially that "Gung Ho" was a box office success, there is little to complain about the film presentation itself. <br /> <br /> *** of 4
