The matador is a strange movie. Her main character Julian, who plays Brosnan with an unusual mixture of charm and imbalance, is not a typical hero. Julian is a hit man in a late mid-life crisis. After spending 22 years in the cold-blooded murder profession, he is now stressed and desperately lonely. After a chance meeting in a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he intervenes and begins an awkward friendship. Danny, the epitome of a nice guy, has a lot to do with his life, and to tell the truth, he could also use a friend. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny stays here to hear Julian's story, even after learning the "unappetizing" truth about Julian's work. Matador approaches a topic that is not completely unknown in the cinema. Hero Murderers (films like 'Assassins' and 'Big Pointe Blank' come to my mind). Matador, however, differs in several ways. First and foremost, killing and gore are implied but never really detailed. So if you're an action movie fan looking for an adrenaline rush, this movie is likely to disappoint you. And second, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador makes no attempt to show remorse and salvation from his protagonist. Julian's job is simply portrayed as a kind of "it's what it is". This is unusual as 99.99% of respondents would consider killing for money as terrible. And yet this unorthodox approach may be the reason why the film feels authentic. Although we do not like to admit it, almost anything could become banal if we did it long enough, maybe even murder it. Did Julian's victim deserve death? Who pays for people to be killed? Who knows. The film never deals with these questions. The focus is on Julian and his stumbling into a real friendship. When you read about someone like Julian in the paper, you have the temporary idea that people like him should be torn out of society like a cancer but are forced to watch his life. They are attracted by his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I think. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's attitude towards Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not completely abandon his James Bond look and sleek charm, but rather adds disquieting quirks to the mix. Strange or crude remarks in the middle polite conversations and sudden change from loving charm to childlike tantrums and sad desperate requests for acceptance. It lets you guess how he understands his mind and how it affects the people around him. It's a bit like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly beats a wrong note during the game, but it works. The movies, just the other main role, that of Danny, is not nearly so meaty. Kinnear shows a solid, albeit unspectacular, performance as a normal Joe with a normal Joe life and problems. Although the movie does not have any major shocks or M Night Shyamalan twists, but I could not guess the end and it felt satisfying. It has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights and yet it felt very human. And there were no heartbreaking car chases or shootings, and yet I thought the pace was well done and I never got bored. Perhaps the only real message here is that there is a human need to connect with each other and make connections, and how these needs have no moral prerequisites. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It's a commentary on the strange, random world in which we live. A good movie; worth seeing.
