Sherman introduced the wayback machine for ... 1986. The United States was just emerging from its worst post-war recession, while Japan was experiencing an unprecedented industrial boom. Manufacturing was still a significant part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American." The word "downsizing" had not yet been included in the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce was heard singing on the radio. "Foreman says these jobs are going, boy, and they are not coming back to their hometown." Chrysler had just been rescued by Uncle Sam. The stickers showed that "Americans buy - the job you save may be your own." <br/> <br/> "Gung Ho" captures the mood of American industrial workers better than any other popular movie of the time. Sure, the film has its weaknesses - a few loose storylines and mediocre acting jobs from all but Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is about the meeting between East and West: Keaton's Hunt Stevenson personifies America, cheeky and self-assured to the outside, but uncertain of it. Watanabe's Kazuhiro plays a successful system in Japan, but wonders if there is anything more to learn from his Western rivals. The flawed plot of the film merely provides a framework for the conflict and, ultimately, the synthesis of its two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's drama overshadows everyone else's and makes the film virtually all by itself. I've always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that feel improvised no matter what script he follows. His character Hunt Stevenson is a sympathetic, sympathetic Jedermann, a natural leader with a clever attitude. But he has a deadly mistake that many of us have in common: he does not want to disappoint anyone. He will distract the crowd with inspirational anecdotes and even lie, instead of pointing out the ugly truth. Kazuhiro is the reflection of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, reluctant to be the bearer of bad news. The scene where Stevenson comes to Kazuhiro for the first time with employee complaints catches the Japanese approach to workplace conflicts perfectly. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you say," but did not turn down his demands aloud. Stevenson interprets this as an agreement wrong and goes away and says, "Okay, we did that." (This is still a problem in 21st century Japanese-American business relations!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: the factory must function smoothly, meet the production goals, and assume its responsibilities the workers among them. To work toward this goal, they must each take one page from the other's book. The family of Kazuhiro being "Americanized" is an obvious example. Also note that Stevenson thinks it's strange when Kazuhiro explains how to apologize to his co-workers for failing - and yet Stevenson does the same in the movie later on. The conspiracy and its resolution is a bit of cornball but hey, that's a comedy. If you can overlook the shortcomings of the film, here's a great story about self-realization and open-mindedness.
