Many neglect that this is not just a classic, because it's the first 3D game or even the first shoot'em-up. It's also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) really claustrophobic games and in general a pretty well rounded gaming experience. With graphics that are terribly outdated today, the game puts you in the role of B.J. (Do not even think I'll try to spell his last name!), An American P.O.W. caught in an underground bunker. They fight and search their way through tunnels to reach different goals for the six episodes (but let's be honest, most are just an excuse to give you a weapon, to surround you with Nazis and to waste you to them to waste the Nazi leaders). The graphics are, as I have already mentioned, quite old-fashioned and very simple. The least detailed 3D game released by a professional creator team. If you can overcome that (and some think this simplicity will only help the game affect you), then you have a good shooting game. The game consists of finding keys, health and ammunition, blowing up enemies (the aforementioned Nazis and one "boss" per chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, increases with the progression of the game), unlocking doors and looking for secret rooms. There is a bonus count after each level has been defeated ... it depends on how fast you were (basically, when you beat the "par time"). This is the time it took a tester to go through the same level. It's fun to try and hit, and with the difficulty of finding the levels, they're even a challenge after many playing through.) How much NS Gold (treasure) you have collected and how many baddies have killed you. Basically, once you have received 100% of the above points, you will receive a bonus that will earn you the coveted highscore rankings. The game (mostly, but not always) allows two contrasting game modes ... secretly or knocking down everything you see. You can either walk or walk, and there is a knife between your weapons. The running is heard immediately as soon as you enter the same room as the guard, as well as shots. Many guards stand with their backs to you, which means that you can climb behind them and stab them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you can get no less than four weapons and two keys ... more about the weapons later. The keys open certain doors. Most of the doors in the game are unlocked ... only two types require keys, and these keys are only introduced in later stages (they restart in stages and reset weapons, health, score, and life in each chapter). Much of the later game is spent searching for them. Well, as I've just hinted, this game, like so many of those days (late 80s, early 90s), is based on collecting extra lives ... Personally, I think it's totally and completely useless (it was created by dropped out here mercifully end ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and more), since you can save at any time, whenever you want, and use "life" to reset weapons, health and ammunition, as if you were starting a new chapter (which is real.) pain in later stages where you need * heavier artillery *. Now I will not beat around the bush ... and on to the cannons! They start with the above-mentioned knife (which is quiet, but only close up) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for storing ammo, unlike the next two bad guys. Her third weapon is a German SMG ... a submachine gun. It's faster and more automatic, and some later adversaries use it. And the last one ... is nothing short of a Gatling weapon! Oh yeah! Think of T2. Think about Predator. Remember to use such a weapon to dump huge amounts of lead into Nazi enemies. It's just as entertaining as it sounds. Most bosses use this, so be prepared. However, I will not divulge the identity of these bosses ... that's for every player to discover for themselves. The sound is excellent ... very crisp and realistic. When you hear a machine gun fire, the deafening metallic clink of a door slamming behind you, or a Nazi shout or a warning in German, you really feel in these dark and oppressive bunker systems. This makes me feel good in the level design ... As you walk through seemingly countless, almost identical hallways towards the next elevator that will take you onward, you will be caught in the claustrophobic mood. I had motion sickness almost more than once (though that might have something to do with some sleep, lots of moisture, and unusual warmth ...). Although the level of detail is not very high, what is there is great. Remains of victims, guard quarters and innumerable Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also offers some thrills ... John Romero and his crew have certainly given everything they need for the game with their limited graphics engine. What else is there to say ... the first of its kind, and no wonder this has spawned countless other 3D shooters. Sure, the wiggling of the weapon and different levels of altitude (stairs, etc.) did not come until the next entry into the genre ... Doom ... and it was the Duke Nukem 3D, which introduced the function of changing the view (that's how it works .) beyond left and right (adding vertical dimensions) and jumping came after a third, later track (the first Quake, possibly 'teammate, help me out) ... but all those games, as well as the rest of the genre They owe their existence. So load up the Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and put it into B.J. to step. I have recommended this to all fans of 3D games. 8.10
