Eric Stoltz performs an extraordinary feat as Joel Garcia, a successful young writer who is paralyzed and is in a special hospital for the recently disabled after he broke his neck in a walking accident. As he learns to handle and adapt to the gravity of his new limited physical condition, Joel befriends the sleek, fast-talking, charming womanizer Raymond (a stunning Wesley Snipes) and the rugged, racist Biker Bloss (a great William Forsythe ), who feels threatened by the diverse multiethnic group of fellow patients, he has to share a room. Joel is also supported by his faithful and affectionate but married girlfriend Anna (radiantly played by Helen Hunt). But he still has to accept that he is handicapped by himself. <br /> <br /> The deciding triumph of this remarkable film is its praiseworthy refusal to neither rehabilitate nor sentimentalize the severity of what these men are going through. Directors Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thoughtful and enlightening screenplay) and Micheal Steinberg tell the story with extraordinary taste, wit and warmth, revealing, in particular with disarming openness and self-evidentness, how disabilities irrevocably change our way of life, including your life's sex life ( this point is most often made in a conspicuous order when Joel and Anna try not to love each other in a motel room). Aside from the expected sharpness, the film also offers a surprising surplus of witty, raw, earthy humor, highlighted by the restless sequence of Joel and Bloss making a secret nightly expedition into a strip club. The uniquely great acting also qualifies as another significant plus: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are all outstanding, with outstanding supportive twists of Grace Zabriskie as Bloss, the lovable mother, and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as compassionate hospital sisters. Despite the grim theme, the film ultimately proves to be a very moving, positive and uplifting film that demonstrates the amazing strength and consistency of the human mind. A beautiful little drama.
