At first glance, the film looks like the Keizer Sutherland series 24 for the big screen. With a focus on a conspiracy to assassinate the President of the United States, a race against time and numerous intelligence agents, the agency is in the limelight of The Sentinel. But wait, the protagonist turns Instead, Michael Garrett's character is Pete Garrison, a seasoned intelligence agent who is famous for taking the ball for Reagan in 1981. The SS agents are specially trained to "take the ball", which makes them special - who is right mind will put itself in the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison gets involved in the murderous murders and has to run for his life while doing his research. All this because of his failure in a polygraph test due to his adulterous strike against the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shadows of Clint Eastwood's In the Line of Fire. Both older actors and older veterans were heroes with a little historical relevance who conquered the ball in their respective mandatory days. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from the lack of a central strong villain and preferred to share the murder responsibility among many forgetful ex-KGB villains and the mole within the Presidential Detail. With Douglas on the run from the law he resembles Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive. He hunts the proverbial one-armed man and relies on his intelligent ability to outsmart other agents, which turned out to be very interesting - despite smooth processes, it still rivals the performance and credulity of each agent. Keizer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's Top TV stars and Desperate Housewives, are being referred to support functions such as Secret Service investigators investigating Garrison's likely involvement in the assassination plot, and sometimes their forensics skills seem to be on CSI's pages to have refused. The beautiful couple had a chemistry reminiscent of Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of X-Files, but these two had very little to do here. We know why they are in the movie, and that's about bringing their fans to the cinemas. Also, Longoria's role did not seem to be able to shake off her sexy mom, Gabrielle, and here she has them in pretty low-cut blouses (Sutherland tells her to cover up) and tight pants (ogle-tight for other agents). <br /> <br /> Still, it's still a pretty interesting glimpse into the life of what is probably the most charged and strained protection detail in the world and the typical threats they face on a daily basis, including tracking the threats that threaten life Nutcracker every time the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent and thrilling thriller with enough subplots to entertain you. But one, like most ending action sequences, also has a big gap through which you can fly a jumbo jet.
