Charles McDougall's resume includes directorial episodes on Sex and the City, Desperate Housewives, Queer as Folk, Big Love, The Office, etc., so he brings along all of the TV film documentary Meg Wolitzer's novel SURRENDER , DOROTHY a success. And, for the most part, he manages to sustain this potentially lukewarm story of the sudden death of a loved one and the way people respond swiftly in their lives. Sara (Alexa Davalos), a beautiful, unmarried young woman, escorts her best friends - the gay playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), Adam's current squeeze Shawn (Chris Pine) and the couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with her little son - into a house in the Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group seems to be happy until a journey from Adam and Sara to the local ice cream shop leads to a car accident killing Sara. Meanwhile, Sara Swedlow's mother (Diane Keaton), who leads an active social life, but calls the daughter constantly with the mutual greeting "Surrender, Dorothy", the conversation elsewhere: When she receives the call that Sara is dead, she immediately comes to the Hamptons, where her overbearing personality and grief cause friction among Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie discovers secrets about each of them and thrives to talk about Sara as if bringing it to life. Natalie's thirst for truth at any price leads to great changes in the group and only by the binding love of the deceased Sara they finally come together. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton Is Best In These Roles On this journey between drama and comedy and their presence, the story is held together. The script has its moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of filler that gets a bit heavy and grumpy, which makes the actors obviously uncomfortable with the lines they are given. Yes, this story has been told many times - the effects of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy is altered by revelations - but the movie moves at a cast-pace and offers enough entertainment to make it worth seeing. Grady harp
