What if a move by G. I. from the Japanese army was to be sent back 400 years in the midst of the feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa shogunate? Great bad luck right? The movie does exactly what it says on the tin. Fortunately, the authors have not gone to the trouble of explaining the science-fiction movies of the time-transporting scientific mumbo jumbo. No, how or why. They just did it. The time-lapse sequence itself, though, is hellishly trippy and pretty nice, if not a bit dated. Not as stupid as one would imagine. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film follows the premise of a T. But as he slackens off with the various underground pieces that follow the arrival of the GIs into medieval Japan, it picks up with a devastating slaughter. Undoubtedly, it is the main order of the day. The whole concept, and subsequently the film itself, probably stemmed from this simple pitch: What if G. I. were equipped with cutting-edge warfare to fight samurai? And boy delivers it. <br /> <br /> The main fight sequence, which lasts more than half an hour, is probably one of the best of its kind in action / war movies of the 70s. Not only is it relentless and tense in tempo and length, it is also a terrific mix of styles and techniques that can only be used in unique circumstances such as G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean, where else would you have the chance to show tanks, ninjas with shuriikens, a helicopter and samurai in the same setting? The G.I. Headed by Lieutenant Iba, literally tears through hundreds of extras and shoots them with machine guns, mortars, grenades and tanks. <br/> <br /> This mix of styles is one foot deep in the grown-up Jidai epic of Kurosawa's Kagemusha or Hiroshi Inagaki's samurai banner, while the other plays in Western action and war movies. There are stylistic touches (such as the wonderful slow-motion shots and bloody acts of violence) reminiscent of Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari around Keoma. Japanese cinema has always been influenced by Western and other Hollywood works and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai effortlessly turns this east-west crucible into an exciting movie. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, the filmmakers take the whole thing seriously and the film benefits enormously. Not that the winking mentality is completely absent, it's just that she does not try to please such a bad audience that likes to laugh in her movies. The budget was probably juicy, as seen in the hundreds of extras, elaborate costumes (very decent for a production that is not a traditional Jidai-Geki) and special effects. The camera work and editing are all first class and almost better than a movie that does not deserve higher artistic ambitions. <br /> <br /> Of course he is not without flaws. There are many "song" scenes in which all sorts of 70's Japanese rock, disco and country songs are played through montages (there is a connecting scene, a love scene, a "war hell" scene etc.). The songs themselves are pretty lame and cheesy and distract from the whole thing. Although it takes 140 minutes, it mostly flies like a bullet. However, some scenes, flashbacks and negotiations in the first half may have been cut off for a firmer effect. The cast also deserves a mention, with celebrity names such as Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Samurai Wolf), Tsunehiko Watase (The Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada, all of whom strike the right note.
