The author of "Necromancy", Jörg Buttgereits second feature film "The Death King", is a powerful masterpiece. Centered on a chain letter from a group called "The Brotherhood of the 7th Day," the film features 7 episodes, each of which includes a day during a week. The suicide is approached with different characters and situations throughout the letter making it is round. Do not touch this product if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy "happy" or even "normal" movies remotely or expect a movie to be good only if it focuses on acting. <br /> <br /> The Nihilistic, Der Todesholding's avant-garde approach explains well why Buttgereit's films were generally banned in their country of origin Germany in the 80s and 90s. Death killing does not really focus on the characters that appear on screen, but the meaningless apathy or depression that most people are made of. Buttgereit finds no reason to go on living, just reasons to stop, and in choosing how and when you die, you can also be the killer of death, the killing. Buttgereits films are generally difficult to categorize and death killing is no exception. With the same crew and almost the same cast as all of his other films, "art film" would probably be the most accurate description every time. The Deathking offers an original method of shooting, creating the mood and handling of the central object in almost every scene. During a scene, the camera pans slowly and continuously in a 360-degree circle, while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for a day. While another, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to depict the collapsing state of mind of a man as he lives in his despair. During a third seemingly pleasant scene, names, ages and occupations of persons who have committed suicide are shown on screen, which is allegedly justified by the prohibition in Germany for this film. <br /> <br /> Episodes (and especially these) Because the scenes are only vaguely connected, they generally suffer from incoherence, and death-killing is no exception. Although all episodes have the same focus of death caused and their sequences or subsequences in all variations, but there are very powerful episodes. One or two episodes even seem like filling material, which partially depletes the overall performance of the film - still The stunning, immensely powerful pauses that constitute a decaying body manage to hold the movie together, from the vague moments to the status of grandeur to clean. The overall atmosphere is amazing, impressive, deeply depressing, and sometimes even repulsive - so much so that scores of people were left in the middle of the movie during a theater at a film festival I attended. <br /> <br /> This is a film that leaves a lasting impression, and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something that they will definitely remember in the years to come. Not recommended for weak fans or show time fans. This is a small, different movie that really gets the audience excited. Whether confusion, amazement or even hate, you will not be left cold by this, in my opinion, best performance of this small indie crew. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the movie "Journey to the Realm of the Human Rubbish Part I-III" was published in a limited edition of 666 copies of vinyl, which is now in great demand. You can still get the classic masterpiece by getting the soundtrack CD "The Necromancy" which I highly recommend: The lo-fi synthesizer music in this movie is dark and whimsical, almost illusory, forms a substantial part the film atmosphere and is something you would otherwise rarely hear. We recommend!
