"Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like a spontaneous juvenile flirtation of fascination and fear, like a climax of conflicting emotions," said one of the movie fans after LOVE AT THE TOP, the misinterpreted title version of the stylish director Michel Deville's LE, MOUTON ENRAGE had seen. However, Vincent Canby in The New York Times noted shortly after the film's 1974 premiere, "LOVE AT THE TOP, which opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a 1973 French comedy dating back to weak in a number of the fifties English comedies about the rise and rise of cynical young men who possess and are obsessed with ambition. "The main difference he mentioned, however, was that LOVE AT THE TOP was not English Class system deals with ... (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> After leaving ratings to individuals, of course, the test of time has done its job. After more than 30 years, one can say with certainty that we can hardly find films like LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in which decadence seems innocent, where contacts seem youthful, where emotions are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For the fans of Romy Schneider, it seems pointless to point out that this film is a must, not only because it offers a unique career in its heyday (as in all its roles) (9 years before her sudden death), but because she is particularly attractive here. It is not TRIO INFERNAL where the so-called "forced escape" in front of Romy's sweet image, pursued for years by Sacchari Sissi, finds its most discouraging appearance, but a film in which the brilliant actress plays a fitting role. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of desire, Playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who draws financial profit from lustful contacts. This film truly offers unforgettable and unique shots of Romy and shows some of her best scenes. Romys sex appeal is unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Another strength of the film is the execution of the content with a development of individual perception. As immoral as it may seem, the director makes perfect use of the contrast: conventions against pleasure, innocence against decadence, real lust for instrumental affair. Nicola has most of the features that viewers like or dislike, that are attractive or disgusting; But these are the qualities that the viewer has to treat seriously, just to say they are the ones we all have to accept. Therefore, you will be led into a strange, gently wild, erotically unique world of the main character. Although he sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent a kind of contrasting worlds to Nicola: Roberto Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes love to them, can not refrain from both the desire for their body and the desire for money; but he perceives it differently. Despite all this "adult maturity", he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a toy car on the table - a kind of "detailed insight into the male mind ..." in a comedic way. Of course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are very good performances, which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE slightly undervalued. Not only does the aforementioned Romy Schneider do an excellent job of giving viewers an extraordinary insight into her role, but the young Jane Birkin seems to convince Marie Paul in the role of the young, inexperienced street skater Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible, Nicola to see the right way. This artistic merit, which is in performances, enters with the grandiose music of Camille Saint-Saëns, the melody that will ring in your ears for a long time. Apart from some shortcomings of the film such as outdated colors, slow action (sometimes) and possible clichés (which some viewers perceive), the benefits should be considered significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE is on the whole a clear manifestation of opposite manipulative tools in life. It's a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of contrasting emotions, love and hate, esteem and disgust compared to the first orgasm and the first Angasmus ... But are not we humans? Spectators, movie fans who build on such contrasts?
