I can not say too much about California as I have not really seen it yet (I only saw it in parts on Fuse). But what I have seen is absolutely fantastic! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his previous films are good. But this role, I'm just, his acting is great, his character early seems to be so normal, okay, creepy, darkly funny, but you know that a hillbilly of this sort is normal, I think. And Juliette Lewis's appearance, though I can see that some of it is annoying, I find amazing. Unfortunately, I have not seen the end yet, but reading other reviews sounds good, but disappointing. I have to admit that I wish that David Duchovany (I'm sorry if the spelling is wrong) was a bit flat, but for him it was okay. His wife's character was better, and I thought her performance was not good, a portrait of the Avantgard / older sister type. Especially the scene in which Early and Brian play billiards, and Adele and Carrie meet each other. I have seen this scene at least twice now and still find it wonderful to act in it. One because of the emotions Adele portrays after talking about being raped by the three guys and how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction to it. Everything I think is just perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can tell something, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt playing the serial killer we actually get to see; I thought he was great. Some movies with Pitt that I saw were average or not worth watching. I do not think I've ever seen a horrible Pitt movie, or if I have it, not because of its acting, it's other factors. This movie was not one of them. He was a great performer in California. I swear, I'm not just a coincidence, I like him for his acting, not just because he looks good. I mean, his character in this movie is by no means pretty or cute! Pitt is dark, brooding and sometimes scary. But he is also happy, funny, nice and even loves Adele. Granted, there are some passages that would make me reach through the TV and choke it, but that's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how good Pitts is Acting in this movie he was playing a character that is supposed to do good acting. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I wish I could say more, but that's all I can say without having seen the end. I've seen most of the movie through what I've caught at Fuse and when I'm writing this. I'm doing it on DVR, so hopefully I can write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was something really cool and something that was seemingly overlooked (it should not have happened!)
