I saw this movie many years ago and it impressed me deeply. Unfortunately, over the years, I have hardened into many films and did not expect to be impressed by "California". I am pleased to say that it is just as annoying and observable as it was about ten years ago. <br /> <br /> There are two things that really give this film power. The first is his cast. We have a surprisingly disturbing phrase from a young Brad Pitt as Early Grace. If we know that Pitt, as we all do, is one of the most consistent minds Hollywood has ever experienced, it is refreshing to see him play such a hideous, unattractive character. Pitt pulls off the show without resorting to white-trash cliché or parody, and manages to remain terrifying throughout the movie. Juliette Lewis is as impressive as Grace's tragic girlfriend, who plays the character like a ten-year-old girl with a forty-year life experience. Lewis manages to elicit pity (for her character's life) and contempt (for her naivety), but she underpins her performance with the kind of subtlety rarely seen by such a young actor. Personally, I think it's a tragedy that neither Pitt nor Lewis was nominated for prizes for their performances here. David Duchovony and Michelle Forbes are both perfect as the Yuppy couple who are unintentionally traveling the other side USA with Pitt and Lewis. Duchovony is aptly geeky and naive, and Forbes seems emphatically cynical and remote, but both actors manage to convincingly portray the changes in their characters as they are equally mesmerized, repelled and strangely attracted to Pitt. Fine casting and evenly brilliant acting. This film really grabs us by the proverbial balls through its flawless pace. At the time of the release of "California," Hollywood released a series of cute characters turned into psychotic films ("Single White Female," "Pacific Heights," "The Hand Rocking the Cradle," "Cheated," "With the Enemy sleep ", etc.). Most of these films followed the same formula, the only variation being the relationship between good and evil. 'Kalifornia' is not far from this area, but its first two acts are the perfect example of the slow-boiling thriller. We wait at the very edge of our seats and wait for the turn to turn. <Br /> <br /> When the penny falls and Pitt is let loose to play the insane villain, the movie completely shuts down and the last twenty minutes do not do the rest of the movie justice. That means the action is thick and fast and the resolution is cold. The fight is over, but the scars will always be there. <br /> <br /> Much of the narrative (provided by a somewhat wizened Duchovony created before X files) is a bit complicated. Of course it is from the book written by the Duchovony journalist that one could argue that the self-confident narrative is an allusion to the sensational style in which most journalists write. The film is largely a success and certainly surpasses 90% of the thrillers of the last twenty years. Highly recommended, but not for weak stomach or mental dysfunction. This film is disturbing on more than one level. But then it should be.
