I had seen "California" before (about 10 years ago) and I still remember being very impressed. That's why I wanted to see it again and all I can say is that it still has not lost its power, although I'm much more used to the cinema than it was ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> 'California' tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of climbing into a plane and flying right into the state where they say it never rains, they decide to drive. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers and she will make the right pictures. Since their car consumes a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take another couple to share the travel expenses. Only one pair has answered the add, so they'll automatically be the lucky ones. But they have not met yet, and when Carrie sees her first time the first time her journey has already begun, Carrie is shocked. Without being biased, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are poor white trailer park wastes. She definitely does not want her in her car, but Brian does not mind taking her and decides to stop and pick her up anyway. At first, the couple does not seem to be that bad, but Gradually, Early Grayce turns from a garbage heap to a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> Not only is the story very impressive, but also the traits of our four leads. Brad Pitt is unbelievable as an early grayce. His performance in this film could be his best. The same goes for Juliette Lewis. She plays the childishly naive friend who does not want to hear a bad word about her early life and does that really well. But also David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are a surprise. They both did a very good job and I'm really wondering why we have never heard from Forbes ever since this movie because she really has talent. All in all, this is a very good and impressive psycho-thriller thing with a very powerful storyline, but due to the graphic violence, I can imagine that it's not for everyone (though I do not really have one other way, see how to credibly portray a serial killer). Personally, I really liked the movie a lot and the violence never bothered me (it's part of the story too important to be missed). I reward this movie with an 8/10.
