Just like Natural Born Killers, another movie that was not as popular with critics because of its excessive violence, but I loved it too, Kalifornia is a movie that clearly enchants violence, but I like to think that's what the film is all about , A bit like how The Basketball Diaries first enchanted drugs, but at the end of the movie shows the bad side, which is a lot worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic yuppie girlfriend, who is interested in these violent, sexy black and white photographs that are usually reserved for places where nudity applies to art. Maybe it really does and I just do not understand it. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes) are the perfect couple to go on a documentary tour of famous murder sites. Brian, the author, will write the book, Carrie can take the pictures. As artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not quite financially prepared for such a trip, so they post an ad for someone sharing gas and travel expenses and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Early is on probation and is used by his probation officer at the local university for janitorial work. He sees the ad on a bulletin board and decides to leave the state for a while, loses his probation, but also leaves the crime scene of his landlord does not have to deal with an annoying murder investigation. Two birds with one stone, you know. <br /> <br /> The film has the strange ability to portray two stereotypes, the artistic yuppies and the greasy trailer garbage, without resorting to clichés or caricatures of this sort. Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie gets involved with Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early's status as outlaw, as seen in the scene in which Brian shoots Early's weapon. Never before fired a gun, he is as fascinated as a small child. While Adele and Carrie are back in a hotel and Adele reveals such things in her childlike way, the fact that Early breaks her from smoking and that she should not drink (Early does not think women should do that), Early and Brian in the local bar. Brian nervously responds to a drunk trying to argue with him, and Early gives Brian first advice on what to do, then enters and pours the guy a short lesson. "Hit him, Bri, it's coming." This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, in part because it's so funny what Early cheerfully says when the guy's friends blood-smear him and beat him away, but also because it's cut with the girls in the hotel, we all learn it all at once about the two couples, their differences and the conflicts that are likely to arise from them. And also, because Brian has benefited from Early's actions and Carrie is appalled by what she hears from Adele, it also shows the different ways in which Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> It can be said that this is not the typical kind of thriller where the townspeople meet the rural people, and all kinds of stereotypical chaos happens. On the one hand, it seems a bit too favorable for Brian and Carrie to go on a murder tour and be accompanied by a real-life murderer, but on the other hand, this is a great way to counteract the inherent glorification of murder as part of a journey across the country, make the murderers and their crimes famous. As Brian and Carrie study the actions of past killers, they finally face the material they are studying and realize that murder is not so pretty or pathologically intriguing when it is in your face, as through separate studies of murders Past. <br /> <br /> I'm always amazed at the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. For example, let's look at his roles in movies like California, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club, and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks, as he can change his looks drastically or just enough to suit a certain character, and he is absolutely believable. By the way, this year I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween, but I could not get the hair and beard right. I even had the right hat, which was initially thought to be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why many people did not like California, or why they believe it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that everything to glorify is made with the intention of doing so Understand the audience's understanding of their topic. A film that did not initially glorify violence might never be as effective as California, but the film structures it perfectly. The glorification is embodied in Brian's and Carrie's fascination with the idea of ​​murder and the aura of the places where the event occurred, but their and our realization are embodied in the reality they encounter with Early and Adele. The real purpose of the film is to describe at close hand this difference between idealizing violence and the immediate horror of reality.
