Although I'm grateful, this obscure gem of the 1970s Italian exploitation cinema can be found in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" box, and although it is also available on CD under the misleading and stupid alternative title "Escape from Death Row", I honestly think it deserves a neat and luxurious DVD edition, completely in the original spoken languages ​​with subtitle options (dubbing is really terrible), restored image quality and a wealth of special bonus features! I do not even need the restored image quality and bonus features if we could only see the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a happy, fast-paced mafia / crime thriller with a lot of violence, comedy (which does not always work though), female beauty and two funny main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is great as the little thug pretending to be the biggest don of the city. When the real crime lord Frankie Dio arrives in town, he sees an opportunity to scale the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but ultimately they form an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new French criminal expert even murders Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they drive to Marseille to take revenge on Frankie. The script of this sadly neglected thriller gem hilariously changes comic action and suspense into reckless comedies, such as the grotesque car chasing through the narrow French mountain roads. The build-up towards the typical mafia introductory sequences (guided by an excellent Riz Ortolani score) is extremely tense and the actual murders are sadistic and merciless, which is why the movie is considered a staple classics classic. The film lacks a strong female lead, as the lovely and amazingly lush beauty Edwige Fenech unfortunately only appears in a few scenes and then in the background. One of the men behind the camera who was responsible for the excellent camera was no less than Joe D'Amato. Great movie, highly recommended for fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it back soon in its original version.
