From Leos Carax, I had never heard of anything in Tokyo until its merde segment in recent years, and the three stories of the film were undoubtedly the most outstanding. It was not my favorite of shorts, but it was the most unique and iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of its full length I've ever seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses image and music to communicate a boisterous young love that blends into poetry. Although he is classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his films owe much to the silent film as much as to the experimental narratives of the 1960s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in L'Atlante, Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin than Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl Carax's 1984 debut, he uses black and white and the strong reliance on visual representation to indicate emotional states. It unites the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but is based on a reality that, like Cocteau, never seems quite stable, but by virtue of its expressions it becomes more accessible, more emotional and compelling like the films of Vigo. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple and is similar to the two following films by Carax, which include this trilogy "Young Lovers". A boy named Alex, played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in Carax's next two films), has just been dropped by his girlfriend, who has fallen in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost kills his friend on a boardwalk, but stops short of the murder. He walks around and remembers her when his neighbors have sex and daydreams about his girlfriend and her best friend getting intimate. He steals records for her and leaves them in his friend's home, avoiding direct contact with one of them. He wanders around and finds his way to a party where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the movie becomes part of "Breathless" and part of "Limelight." <br /> <br /> Later he is advised by an old man sign language to "speak for himself ... young people today It's as if they forgot to talk". The old man gives an anecdote on how to work in the era of silent film, and how a shy actor became a self-confident "lion" when standing in front of the camera. Here's where the movie tilts his hand, but the obvious reference to silent film is a crucial scene as it overlays the style of the movie (mute and expressionist) with the content (a loving young man trying to bolster up the courage to say it and do the things he really wants to do). Although Alex is thoughtful at first, and at the end he has romantic words, he is the shy actor who becomes a lion by increasing his inner feelings, which are not easily recognizable from moment to moment, apart from the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the movie where Alex retreats from the party to a room where guests have their babies and babies, all crying in a chorus fills this room until he turns on a band on a children's show and silences her. Unexpectedly, due to a glitch, the TV plays a secret bathroom camera, revealing the hostess sobbing in her wig of someone she misses. Even though Carax is self-reflective and self-appraising about the kind of anxiety to be told from the tale of the age he tries to tell (the room full of children), he is mature enough to appreciate the lover's initial irony in everything see movie crosses. Even the rich old bell of the ball has a brother she misses. In another scene, an ex-astronaut stares at the moon he once committed in his youth while sipping a cocktail in peace. <br /> <br /> Although Carax owes films before talks, he is a master of music and knows when to whistle in Dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia" or an early David Bowie song, the sounds of a man, playing the piano, or a girl who hums softly. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone gets their heart broken we see blood pouring from their shirt when a kiss on the sidewalk turns 360 degrees, as if it were attached to a carousel when Alex was a Party enters and feels out of place, it is because the most interesting people in the world are really there; Like the famous writer, who can not speak because of a bullet in his brain, or the 1950s universe, which is directly opposite the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic aesthetics and bizarre whims of whimsy have all the different visual, musical and emotional accents in these Carax films br /> Every line of dialogue, every piece of music Every effect and editing in this movie has made me resonate on an emotional level, with some missing words to articulate. There are many stories of a boy meeting a girl, but instead of just exploring the banal details of a particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth of youthful passion and disappointment. The other movies you want to watch can wait. See this first. If I were to make films, I want them to be like that. I wish all the movies were where the ephemeral becomes larger than life and life itself becomes a dream.
