WWE has achieved some of the worst pay-per-views in its history over the past few months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December through Dismember were horrible, to say the least, and so it put on his B-mark show Smackdown! to try to end the year with a high grade. Armageddon had two major gimmick matches in the Last Ride and Inferno matches, three championships in line and an interesting major event in the form of a tag team war with Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was a change to one of those championship games that brought us not just the game of the night, but also a game of the year-long candidate when Teddy Long gave us fans an early Christmas present. T-Lo changed the Champions, London and Kendrick WWE Tag Team Championship match against Regal and Taylor to a four-team ladder match, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not stay closer here too much fit together, because nothing I can say, it would be able to meet. This must be seen to be believed. There were many high points and many brutal bumps and unpleasant landings. The one thing I have to talk about is the one who brought Joey Mercury straight to the ER in the middle of the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder raised in the seesaw. Matt Hardy held both members of the MNM at the other end to take full force. Unfortunately, for Mercury, he had not raised his hands to protect his face, and was picking the ladder with all his might in the nose and left eye. That was vicious. His face was a mess for everyone right now, and it was not surprising that this had ended Mercury's night early. We later found out that he had a broken nose and cut under his left eye. Be warned. This is not for the faint of heart. The end of this coaster of a game was made after Paul London had managed to win both championship belts for the win. I've been watching wrestling for almost 15 years and it does not get any better than this match. Incredible. <br /> <br /> The night started with just the fourth inferno match. Kane took MVP in a good match, but it was about the visual and not the action. There was some close talk with the flames for both rivals, but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP into the flames after they both landed outside the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his butt was burning and there was a sick part of me who laughed when I saw that. May I suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP appear on Smackdown next week? to Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire. <br /> <br /> The other gimmick match of the night and the second match of a threefold major event was a pronounced last-ride match between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. This was a tough game from start to finish and was the best of the series that Undertaker and Kennedy had so far. The used poles, chairs, and scene had placed The Undertaker, one meter from Armageddon, on the alleged floor. Unfortunately, it was clear to see that this was nothing but a crash mat. The end came after a chokeslam from The Dead Man to Kennedy on the hearse, followed by a matching tombstone. <br /> <br /> At other notable events from the card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by submitting in another tough game. This was a very good fight as Benoit suddenly hit 8 German suplexes on Chavo. Benoit also wondered if he should put Vikki Guerrero in the Sharpshooter or not. Luckily he came to his senses and let her go. As a result, Chavo attempted to bring the roll-up to the Sharpshooter only for the back shot. <br /> <br /> Another crashing game on the map was the cruiserweight championship competition between the longest reigning WWE champion Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With many high-flying and dangerous spots, some of which took place outside the ring, this was a game that earned the viewer's reaction far more than what it got. JBL did best by cursing the fans in Richmond, Virginia for sitting on his hands this turn and eventually even starting a boring song. Helms have lifted the duke to smackdowns after a claw-breaker maneuver! resident redneck. <br /> <br /> The boogeyman locked The Miz in a worthless game. I hate Boogeyman with a passion. It's also worth listening only when JBL talks about Miz. JBL is comedy gold. <br /> <br /> The final game of the night was the main event number three. The heavyweight world champion, Batista and WWE champion John Cena, competed against Finlay and Champions Champion, King Booker. It was impossible for the match to outperform the Tag Team Championship match, but it was still fun. The game would have been more memorable if there had been an extra five to ten minutes, but how many times have I said that about WWE games this year. It was King Booker who was arrested at the end of the game after a big batistabomb. <br /> <br /> 2006 is therefore over for WWE in terms of the pay-per-view schedule. It started dreadfully with the New Year's Revolution at the beginning of the year, but ended with Armageddon at a high year. This ladder match will long be remembered as one of the biggest ladder matches ever. My hat is for all eight competitors who are out of line with their bodies to give the fans a hell of a match.
