Metro Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player on the short animation market. This market is dominated by the Looney Tunes and Merry Melodies shorts, which come from Warner Bros. However, MGM can also release hidden gems like "To Spring", an amazing story about the best season of the year. <Br /> <br /> In the environment shown here, spring is not caused by natural cycles but is created. And from whom? Of little male elves living underground. Every spring, when the snow begins to melt, they start to work. They start dropping rainbow rock columns, shredding them to pieces and turning these rubbish into color liquids that are lifted to the ground and carry grass, flowers ... In other words, spring! The first half of the cartoon shows the making of spring, but the second part is slightly different. Old Man Winter comes back and he tries to extend the winter by destroying the work of the elves. From this point on, we support you in a fight between the Elves and Old Man Winter. The music you hear here is deliciously wonderful. The melodic parts stick in the head like an ink stain on a sheet of paper. The second part tunes are exciting and fit perfectly with the action. That's just fantastic, Giorgio! The animation sequences are also a pleasure. The colors are well mixed and every little detail is presented in a huge, epic environment. The concept itself is brilliant. The elves attract characters, as does Old Man Winter, who effectively depicts the cold and ruthless feelings of the white seasons. <br /> <br /> Here is also a strong message. The battle seems to be lost for the elves in the end, until a single late arriving elf jumps into the action and leads to the elves' victory over the winter. The point is, only one person can make the difference. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, "To Spring" is a remarkable, lost classic from the short comic era. Even more remarkable is that the director of this cartoon made his debut here. And who is the director of "To Spring"? It's a certain William Hanna ...
