This was the first regularly filmed Columbo film series, but was broadcast after Steven Spielberg's "Columbo: Murder by the Book" as the second. It's also one of the better ones! Bernard L. Kowalski was a great creative director! No wonder they later asked him to shoot three more Columbo films. The film has some really creative and innovative shooting sequences and the film as a whole is also clearly designed with style, passion and attention to detail. Each recording connects and is one reason why this movie is better and looks better than any other average made for TV movies. It's definitely one of the better directed Columbo movies. <br /> <br /> It's an original Columbo post for some reasons. The murder is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act. So the killer has no time to plan the "perfect murder" in advance and clean his tracks, and he has to dispose of the body. The killer in this film is not only seen as the man who committed the crime, but rather as the man who helps Lieutenant Columbo solve the murder. It also makes the character more interesting and multi-layered, and also helps make the way in which Columbo solves the whole crime much more interesting. Of course, Columbo suspects him early, and as always he comes to the solution by making himself vulnerable and stupid than he really is, and gaining the killer's confidence. Obviously, this is not a spoiler, as this is how every Columbo movie is set up. I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed. <br /> <br /> It also helps the movie to have such a good cast. At the time of this film, Peter Falk had really made the Columbo character his own, and the character was already fully developed. Robert Culp is really great as a short-wave Brimmer. The funny thing is that he later starred in three different Columbo movies and a "Mrs. Columbo" episode only in completely different roles. He even played the killer in some movies. Incidentally, he was not the only actor to do so in other later Columbo movies. Even the great Ray Milland appears in this movie as husband of the victim. All in all, a real big Columbo movie and one of the better movies from the long film series <br /> <br /> 9/10
