OK. I admit. I'm one of the nerds who spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful television to watch science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space event and since then I've changed my partners on a regular basis. I've seen them all, it seems, and my favorites are "Lexx," "Farscape," and the new "Battlestar Galactica," in other words, the latest space operas. But I'm generally in the old-fashioned, the cheap, crush, like the great, four-year BBC show "Blakes7". Here are the budgets smaller than hobbits, the special effects seem to have been done on a Commodore 64, but who cares if the scripts are written sharp and intelligent with dark humor, the real dead are serious and sometimes even high class? > <br /> But why do you always speak English in the future? Because this is NOT the future, it is fantasy for children. Nevertheless, it can be irritating at times. I, as a Norwegian, have often condemned this terrible fact that you never produce genres such as science fiction for Scandinavian audiences. I never thought that this could have happened. But in fact, even in my homeland, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV theater section) of our national public broadcaster Nrk produced this version with three episodes of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). When I first heard about it, I was not surprised that the show has been shown only once in Norway so far, which makes it impossible for me to actually see it. It was also shown on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television in his day, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release, no surprise, and when it was shown in an arthouse cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city far away from Oslo (where I live). And another thing about "Blindpassasjer" did not surprise me, it was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo introduced the SciFi genre to Norwegians in the 1970s; They published anthologies and wrote what they called fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers and has written several great and entertaining novels, even masterpieces, some of them weird, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". No one but this man, also a celebrated playwright, could construct the script of Blindpassasjer. <br /> <br /> When I finally saw it, it was a weird Swede who recorded the three episodes on VCR, and the 80's finally managed to turn it into a DVD and give it to me. He was a nice guy. So I sat down and looked at it, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and mistakes. But the thing came through and I was surprised that I finally loved it. <br /> <br /> The outdoor scenes with the spaceships and planets are better than those of Blakes7, and the recognition goes to the Caprino studios (who made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the interior of the Marco Polo (the spaceship ) works better than I expected. The drama is typically theatrical, but it works better than playing Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Bjørn Floberg plays his role solidly, as does Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny moans her lines in a serious and relaxed tone that suits the genre, but this is an ensemble, and I'm happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen wears his mustache in the nobility and Marit Østbye a really hot room. Chic of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really that good? Well, you have to swallow the rather abrupt end, the overbearing criticism of "modern society", but yes, it's not really that fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and enjoyable. One and a half hours of classic Norwegian sci-fi.
