Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a fine little thriller that also explores the lives of "outsiders," people who live in the periphery of our vision and need to "fit" with their needs. Director Jacques Audiard and co-writer Tonino Benacquista have created a tense, tight, totally entertaining little thriller that makes some meaningful statements about unusual individuals and their plight. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a simple Jane, mostly deaf, thirty, somewhat unnoticed secretary for a company whose lives are subject to social and sexual isolation and whose outlook on the future is bleak. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel), a recently released ex-roommate, who responds to an ad as Carla Assistant. At the first meeting there is a mutual physical rejection: Carla had hoped for a well-groomed, distinguished man who could fulfill her fantasies, and Paul is a rough, unkempt, sloppy guy who is not impressed to be an employee. Her concepts change pretty quickly as Paul Carla rescues the job by fulfilling her request to steal a letter that would cost her her job, and Paul discovers Carla's lip-reading ability, which he sees as a way to expose the criminals from his To spy on the past that threatens his life owed money. This odd pair of teams joins forces together to take on a dangerous trick to gain Paul's safety and freedom. The relationship is full of twists and turns, with each of these unlikely characters fulfilling a role in their lives that fill in the gaps in their walls of isolation in a surprising way. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel perform well and the rest of the cast is equally strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat has produced a music score that increases suspense. Cameraman Mathieu Vadepied finds the right lighting and angles to suggest the isolation worlds of the characters and Hitchcock's sense of suspense. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transformative for the story: it shows us the difference between hearing the world with and without hearing aids, and making some strong social commentary. This is a beautiful movie that is still among the best of French film Noir. Recommended. Grady harp
