Pixar has been enormously successful over the years with the full-length CGI animated films they produce. "A Bug's Life" was the second in a series of features they had done so far, with the debut of the company, the groundbreaking "Toy Story", the first CGI movie ever to feature. I remember when this follow-up was heavily promoted in the late 1990s at the time of its release, but I never saw it until November 2006. I have seen it twice this month and over three years later I have seen it a third time. It has never impressed me as much as any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three visits, I still think it's better than some of the movies I saw from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to an ant colony. These ants are forced to gather food for a group of grasshoppers that come and take each year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor who has a bad reputation because he causes problems with his inventions, even if he does not want to. One year when the colony is just finishing preparing for the annual bid, Flik accidentally beats it in a creek just before the locusts come to get it! Grasshopper leader Hopper decides to give them a second chance to gather food and get ready by the end of the season, but they have to double their offer! Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony that he find "warrior bugs" to fend off the grasshoppers when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, lets him go on this mission just so he is not around to cause trouble as the colony tries to gather food for another victim. The inventor finds a group of mistakes that he thinks are warriors, but after he has brought them back to Ant Island and introduces them, he learns that they are not really warriors but Circus flaws. <br /> <br /> The main reason Why this second Pixar feature never really baffled me could be the characters. For me, none of them has ever noticed as much as they could have, and generally looks a bit boring. Fortunately, it's not like "Shark Tale," a movie with a very idiotic and unlikely main character. "A Bug's Life" has a sympathetic main character for which the audience can anchor themselves. The story also seems a bit bland at times, but mostly it's good enough to keep the movie entertaining at least moderately, and sometimes it has some good excitement, especially later. Humor, like some other aspects of the movie, is not as good as it could have been, but there are definitely fun moments, some involving Francis, a male ladybug sometimes considered a woman. You can always expect a great animation from Pixar, and the animation in this particular effort is no exception. Whatever this movie has to offer, it can be a little disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it's sensible family entertainment.
