When I watched A Bug's Life for the first time in a long time, I could not help but see the comparisons with last year's Happy Feet. As for the main story, they are very similar, an outsider who does everything he can to fit while at the same time trying to be special. It just shows how much better this movie could have been without its liberal mediation. Many people contradict me when I say that I really like Pixar's second effort. Sure, you can not capture the splendor of Toy Story, nor is the animation out of this world. The story, however, is first class and the characters are wonderful to spend with them. With a lot of laughter and a moral center I was able to observe this as well as the other classics of the studio. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of power to find strength from within to overcome all odds. Between our lead actor Flick, who needs to maintain his self-esteem to save his colony, the colony needs to open their eyes to a new way of life for the future, developing a better mistake at the end of the story. Even the bad guy Hopper is fully developed and threatening for the right reasons. He does not mean it, but instead understands the fact that the ants pay him more than 100 to one. He needs them to fear him, so they do not have to worry about finding out the truth. It is very much a life cycle but not one that can not develop over time. <br /> <br /> If you think about the animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the time, this is much more realistic and less cartonized. The water is rendered well, as are the foliage. You do not have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how much detail has gone into production. The reflections and the humidity show the realism despite the smooth appearance. All bugs are also finely worked out. The flies in the city and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to rescue the ants are never running short, whether for a small or an extended role. In the city we also see the processing of the environment. While Ant Island is beautiful, it's just nature. Bug City contains many garbage duplications as buildings and clubs. It's a great display of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators used for everything. From the ice cube trays to the circus stalls, the animal cracker box as a circus cart with complete nutritional guide on the side and crazy boxing to create a Times Square with billboards and facades, everything is done right. <br /> Regarding the humor, you have to attribute the wonderful performance and inspired role decisions to the acting talent. No one could beat a male ladybug better than Dennis Leary with his bitter joke. I dare you to think better of someone. Also with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta and the always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper our leads are great. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie, but is also the focus of the Bloopers during the credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the source of animated outtakes by Pixar, a tradition that continues. With many crazy joke jokes, you also have to give support to the huge plaster cast. Full of "these guys," it's the likes of Richard Kind, Brad Garrett, and the late Joe Ranft, as Secretly the worm that brings the biggest laughs. All in all, it may be the simplest story shown by Pixar, one that has been told several times over the years in one form or another, but she's inspired enough and fresh enough to make a pleasant one To offer experience. There are happy moments, sad times, and even action-packed scenes of suspense that birds come to join in the fun. Along with a few of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, it's not that bad I can think about it.
