Lately, I have watched a lot of Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin movies, and even some of Rowan Atkinson's early bean performances, and it seems they all have their own unique charm that permeates them throughout their work of all ages, in a way that makes you feel good. A Bug's Life has the same charm, it has a connection with real life that allows us to easily disbelieve unbelief and accept many talking insects because even though they talk, they still look like real bugs. It's as if the team that made the film has found a way to bring us into the minds of a child and allow us to think about them, imagine mistakes in the way they do a young mind does The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and A Bug's Life is to me like a more realistic version of this movie, if only because the animation is so stunning and that narrative style opens up so many possibilities for more narrative possibilities. I'm not trying to compare it to something like Toy Story (I still say it's the best computer animated movie ever made) because the story of A Bug's Life is not quite as good as Toy Story's story, but almost nothing. The important thing is that it's still fun. <br /> <br /> The story is about a colony of hardworking beetles that have an impressively developed society that mainly aims to build a crop of food, most of which goes to the tyrannical grasshoppers that live in are far superior to their strength and general vulgarity and hopefully enough left for the beetles to survive the winter. We are visited by Grasshoppers, who make it clear that the consequences are severe if the beetles provide an unsatisfactory amount of food. Incidentally, the similarities between this crippling level of food extraction and the Mao Tse-tung's malignant compulsion to eat from his own people during the "Great Leap Forward" are amazingly similar. <br /> <br /> The fun and excitement begin as Flik, ​​the main character, sets out to find a band of suitable warriors who come back and help defend the colony against the grasshoppers. He has spilled all the accumulated food and put everyone in great danger. He feels it's his responsibility, but he unintentionally hires a group of insect circus artists. Great for the audience, not so good for the security of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late '90s when so many films appeared in pairs, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, A Bug's Life and Antz etc comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, though it seems clear to me that A Bug's Life is by far the most superior movie, and not just because Woody Allen does not stutter and whine the lead role. That makes great family fun!
