Such a happy world was created for us in Pixar's A Bug's Life. We immerse ourselves in a universe that can only be documented cinematically in a pleasurable way, more precisely a universe that can only be documented through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what a rich and lush world animation can provide? if it's in the right hands, is that ?? A bug's life is a warm memory. We go out of the film with just as warm a feeling and a sense of satisfaction that consists only of high-profile film productions. <br /> <br /> It's just Pixar's second animated movie. The Disney subgroup made its spectacular debut three years ago (1995) with their landmark Toy Story in the movie world. It was a film that defied convention, re-invented animation and breathed new life into animation, defining a whole new level of excellence. Now they return with their second effort, which, frankly, creates a creeping sense of cynicism in all of us before they see the movie. <br /> <br /> Finally, it's a movie about ants. Well, all the insect and insect walks are included in A Bug's Life, but it's the ant that forms the center of the movie, since man is in the center of drama, romance novels, and so on. How can such an insignificant animal species as an ant act as the protagonist of a film, let alone portray the entire premise of a feature film? Surely they are joking. However, we forget that in Toy Story, a series of toy boxes could become the greatest, most inspiring, and lovable group of animated heroes and villains ever assembled. The Pixar guys manage to accomplish the same feat, and they manage to turn a bunch of dirty and tiny bugs into the loveliest and most enjoyable group of vermin you'll ever meet. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all very kind and sympathetic? it is not an unpleasant character in sight; Even the villains are fascinating characters? but they are colorful, they are versatile and they are stubborn. And the series of characters is also gigantic for want of a better expression. They merely add the rich layers of distinctiveness that have been plastered to A Bug's Life from the beginning. We will start with our main character and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley) and his character is, to say the least, more generic. Of the thousands of loyal and obedient worker ants living on lush, beautiful Ant Island, he is considered the "black sheep" of the clan, as seen in the early moments of the movie, when he accidentally destroyed the harvest of the season His antics. <br /> <br /> The problem arises in the fact that the ant harvest is destined for a series of greedy grasshoppers by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who are eager to maintain their wrath and their autocracy among the supporters of grumpy little ants ; When they come to Ant Island for their annual banquet and see their offer gone, they go insane because they have no better name. Hopper offers a proposal to rescue the ants from complete extinction on the hands of his pack; However, it is a negotiation that simply can not be fulfilled. The gears and clockwork in Flik's mind, despite his guilt and shame, are now in full swing, and he offers Ant Island in search of powerful beetles that can come to the rescue of the colony and fend off hoppers and the grasshoppers. > <br /> If you think about it, A Bug's Life bears a strong resemblance to the plot of Akira Kurosawa's classic Seven Samurai or the American remake The Magnificent Seven, where a village of unfortunate but kindhearted people is threatened by malevolent and evil enemies? A single villager seeks help in the city, finds it, and returns to the colony to drive out the evil. In A Bug's Life, the help is created in the form of a fancy circus troupe, which Flik falsely perceives as a warrior in a brawl in the bar room. <br /> <br /> Lots of amusement comes from these scenes and these circus worms are a lot of fun. Among them are a scholarly stick (David Hyde Pierce), a splintering, overweight German caterpillar called Heimlich and a quasi-femme fatale ladybug that is actually a grainy and male ladybug (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely gratifying to see these errors on the screen as they observe the errors and the insects interact on the screen, as does the entire film. <br /> <br /> As I said before, a lot of fun and happiness comes from their characters and happy interactions that give way to a bevy of funny lines, wonderfully exciting and intriguing situations and an overall dazzling movie. What makes A Bug's Life even better is that the film is not just limited to children, as many feel it is true, though children would actually find more entertainment in this movie. The stereotyped child-friendly situations are a bit more than we would like. However, it is easy to ignore this mistake and it is incredibly easy to enjoy this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if A Bug's Life may not reach the dizzying and groundbreaking standards of its predecessor, it's still an excellent movie. and the beginning of something promising here. Pixar has proven that they are not just a miracle, but a talented group of talented Hollywood movie stars. They raise the bar endlessly, and if someone always succeeds in surpassing their standard, then that's always for themselves. What else is there to say about A Bug's Life as: see it; It's not quite the best we've seen from the people in Emeryville, California, but that surpasses the amount of its year? and I'll be damned if this is not the best animated feature of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
