(Originally a response to a movie critic who said A Bug's Life was too much, too fast - he was "dazed and exhausted" by the visuals and seemed to ignore the story altogether). <br /> <br /> Okay, First of all, I am 26 years old, have a job, go to school and have a fiancé. " Maybe I'm crazy and can hide it really well ... Not only did not I get exhausted or dizzy from A Bug's Life, it was not until the second time I saw the second time that I could even really start I guess the art and the humor of the spectacular visuals - because when I first visited this movie, I was so concerned with the story and the characters that I FORGET that I should be sitting there and being "excited" by everyone frame visually. How can one not empathize with Flik and his life with good intentions? "Heck," in fact, I've identified myself with this little ant (not to mention a few other bugs) in more ways than one ... and that tells me more about what an incredible movie that's as a whole book about his beautiful eye candy. Of course it's beautiful (every blade of grass, the tree, the rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips, try it!). But this film is not only a masterpiece of art and technology, but also a flashing explosion of movement and color. No, A Bug's Life would be static if that was all and no story. But I'm glad to say, that's not it! A Bug's Life has a real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on, both in terms of the story and visually, but that's because the story and the characters actually have some depth! Just because it's a children's movie does not mean you have to turn off your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think that the PIXAR crew did this for themselves before their children ... and that shows how much heart they have. This film is moving, touching, funny, intriguing and generally captivating. The character development in such an ensemble is amazing, there's a lot of character growth and not just the main character - so rare in animations and generally in movies. It does not hit you with the dots over your head once it's done - every scene, every frame has a reason in the plot to be there, and there are no unnecessary shots. Not always expressing in words what exactly is going on means subtlety to me, people; it means that you do not "stupid" your movie and assume that the audience is stupid, which it usually is not. All I can think is that if you see A Bug's Life and can not feel anything, then you must never have made a big mistake, hurt your friends, fallen in love, fallen in love, and been frustrated that nobody would listen They lied to someone you were interested in, felt like a social failure, were upset about a new idea, had a great idea, had what you thought was a great idea, missed a shot, were awkward in the next moment and im next step confidently responsible, stood up for yourself and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd, felt like a failure, felt great success, felt the need to change your life in the lives of others ... you get the point. Closing words: A + rating from me; Please, when you see it, try to see it in the theater (Pan & Scan video will NOT work for this movie); If you loved Toy Story, you're most likely to love it (PIXAR knows how to make heart-shaped movies); If you love it, you will see it several times or you may still not know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); and whenever you feel really bad, pretend it's a seed, okay?
