Although I do not think this was a perfect 10, I agree that it was well over 6, as rated here. No, the Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes, its conspiracy has been done many times. That does not mean that it should not be done again if done well and I think this movie had some strong moments. Claire Danes' acting was, as many times mentioned, flawless, as was Kate Beckinsell and I think Bill Pullman was absolutely fantastic, as well as the supportive notions (Pullman's wife, the crooked cop, exhaust or travel or whatever his name is). The cinematography was also beautifully filmed, there were many good things about this film, even though there were some negatives (three big ones I found). <br /> <br /> The friendship between the girls, the girls' own personality, was only deepened in the late middle of the picture. It would not have been unlikely to lose interest beforehand, because in spite of the positive effects, more character development would have needed to take place earlier and certain scenes like the arrest of the girls were almost overjoyed, so there was too much jumping without the character and scene development would be mine Opinion suitable for this type of film. But that's not my main problem. And WARNING SPOILER ALARM. <br /> <br /> The end that has been mentioned dozens of times has been WUNDER. It was terrible in two ways. First, although it was predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a movie like this, there is a sense of justice being imposed, and I've eaten it to see it. I was really shocked about the end and it was done by all those involved with excellent performance, but I think both girls should have come out, or at least the cop should have got what came to him. I mean, nothing happens For the bad guys, they all get through. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> I too do not understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand ends that are thought-provoking, but this was not a mystery or "hint" movie that we looked at, and I would like to hear about what actually happened, who was to blame, and so on. With this end We were I decided to decide for myself, but since I somehow doubt that there will be a sequel, I did not want to guess. Even so, there was a lot to like about this movie, and the acting is definitely at the top of the list I'd rate this at 7.5 and say it definitely worth it.
