In the movie "Brokedown Palace" directed by Jonathan Kaplan, Alice's best friends Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to graduate from high school by making a trip to Hawaii More fun. They changed their plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents about changing their plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really handsome guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them that he would exchange his ticket for the first class in Hong Kong for three economy tickets so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and when they entered the airport, the two were arrested for drug smuggling. They were sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan tried to show the audience that it is wise to make good decisions, because in one case a bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. A friendly face may not be as friendly as we think when we find out the true intentions of this friendly face. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that changed their lives forever. There is a weird way in which the decision is shown to us, what decision we made and what decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great environment; It was shot mainly in Bangkok Thailand. This movie also has great music; Some of my favorite songs are "Silence" by Delerium, "Damaged" by Plumb, "Deliver me" by Sarah Bightman and "Party just started" by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and could not think through their plans thoroughly. This is a mistake anyone could make. Therefore, this movie is good for any audience. It makes no difference whether young or old - we are all human and subject to mistakes. Although I did not like the movie, he questioned me - who really smuggled the drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
