We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there are really only one or two people you really feel connected to. People of whom you can say they are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see that from the beginning. They graduated, went to parties together and decided to travel to Bangkok together if they were to go to Hawaii. They are also caught for trying to smuggle drugs into a third world country, which leads to disaster. The rest of the movie is about survival and not about giving up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it is not excellent and that's because of a few issues that I would like to talk about. But first I want to say what's good about the movie. And for starters, the drama is top notch, and you can not look further than the two leads. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in their roles. Alice is always fiery and a bit rough on the edges, but she's more fun than Darlene. But sometimes this fun can get them into trouble. Darlene is always on the conservative side and although this can sometimes be irritating, the two girls would have been better served if their way was taken instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is appropriate as an American lawyer in Thailand. The film is also very well photographed. While the interior of the prison is not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, it does show the necessary (but under-considered) hopelessness of the situation in which they find themselves. Johnathin Kaplan's direction is also pretty good. We see the two girls struggling every day to get through, but you can see their spirits are getting stronger every day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it comes to friendship and shows how they depend on each other to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack for the movie. It enhances and complements the mood of the film to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie, and when it's played, you feel the plight of the women in that jail. They can feel how alone they must feel and how desperate they are to come out and return to the simple things of life. And you also see how happy you are to live in our society. We have it easy compared to some countries and believe that music is a perfect catalyst for reflecting on this topic or not. Part of the music is made by a group called delirium (I think), but it is Sara McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you write your surname?), Which makes the lyrics and their voice beautiful and insistent, and so much to Movie. <br /> <br /> What I really did not like about the movie was some of the stupidity the girls exhibit. I will not say what they do, but if you see it yourself, you know what I'm talking about. I also did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looked more like a minimum-security prison, and it's probably because in other films where men are in a foreign country, similar situations occur, the prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not understand that here. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a great movie and it really makes you ask, "How far would you go for a friend?" This is a difficult question and maybe one that none of us could honestly answer until he got into the same situation. Let's just hope it never happens.
