I saw this movie for the first time a million years ago (5 years, to be exact). In light of recent events involving Australian Shapelle Corby detained in Indonesia for her so-called smuggling vessel, I decided to revisit this film. I except to cry my heart because I'm shit for hot girls in need (just read my review on the pursuit of Laurie Show). Some damp escaped my eyes, but there were hardly any buckets filled with tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were not totally revered and helpless, not because the movie is not heartbreaking at the sight of these two children in the prime of their lives, locked in almost inhumane conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When lending a movie like this, I have to be moved, sob, as if there is no tomorrow to feel miserable and like it. This movie was just too short for that. It was as if the script were reduced to the main elements of the plot, and the psychological aspect was thrown away. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale have done a great job showing the emotions of their two friends, but this movie has just screamed for more footage of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) environment. The spiritual journey is missing here for some reason. One can only see the key moments of it (which are very touching, I admit it), probably due to poor editing. Sometimes I had the feeling these girls were running around on a postcard. The relationship with the family members could have required a bit more attention. What's wrong with the relationships between the girls and the parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You can take a look, but the movie does not offer the whole picture, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> Still, this was a great movie, and in the end I even had to bite my lip a bit. But I think that has more to do with the acting skills (and looks) of the actresses (and the music) than with the director's merit. To be honest, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before I saw (again) this movie. Now I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you do not expect it to be a classic movie theater.
