James J. Corbett, world heavyweight champion from 1892 to 1897, proved to be favorite role of Errol Flynn. Maybe because he did not wear a sword or had to be in a western. He got tired of the Swashbucklers and he said in his autobiography that he felt he was a miscast in Westerns and could not understand why people liked him in them. It's an entertaining movie, but hardly tells the real story of James J. Corbett. <br /> <br /> As shown, Corbett was the first scientific boxer to win in the heavyweight division as a raw force to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost to Bob Fitzsimmons the heavy crown. He was also a compulsive womanizer and in that he was like the man portraying him. Of course this was not shown on the screen. The character played by Alexis Smith, the banker's daughter who falls in love with him, really has no basis. Corbett was indeed married twice and was blatantly unfaithful to his two wives. <br /> <br /> Even after he lost his title and the events of this film were completed, he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father in a moment of depression, probably beyond finances, because he had heavily bet on his son to beat Bob Fitzsimmons, shot his mother, and then aimed the gun at himself. The murder / suicide barely matches the happy clan that Alan Hale presided over. One thing I liked about gentleman Jim, though. Ward Bond got the career of his life as John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh has done a great job with Bond as a great but loveable Sullivan. Although Sullivan contains some bad points that do not make it look like foolhardy racism on the screen, Bond's portrayal is the epitome of John L. and the best of gentleman Jim Man should have said that Sullivan refused during the race, Peter Jackson who was black and Australian and was probably the best heavyweight of his time. I'll probably say that because Corbett hit him as the challenger and fought him undecided for 61 rounds. This fight more than any other caused a demand for a Sullivan Corbett title match. When Corbett was champion, of course, he refused to give a title shot. Maybe he did not want another 61-round marathon with someone who might have been better that day. Gentleman Jim is not Jim Corbett's story, it's a movie in which Errol Flynn plays James J Corbett. But if Corbett had been alive in 1942, he would undoubtedly have loved the movie and Flynn's portrayal of his life. It's the way he would like to remember.
