If you are looking for a definitive biography of the life of boxer James Corbett, this is probably not the movie for you. The famous boxer gets a "Hollywood revolution" of his life in the 1940s - making the story far more entertaining and compelling than real life. However, since the performances were so good (especially by Errol Flynn) and the script is so sympathetic, the ornaments of the film can be omitted. Errol Flynn plays boxer James Gay from the 90s "Gentleman Jim" Corbett - a man who became World Champion in 1892. The film starts with his humble beginnings and traces his entire career by winning the title match against John L. Sullivan. Although it could have focused mainly on the games, most in the film are rather short (with the exception of the final title match), and the focus is on Corbett's stern personality as well as his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, there is a great deal of accompaniment provided by a cast of wonderful supporting actors (such as the longtime supporting actor in Flynn films, Alan Hale), and the writing has really helped to bring these people to life. <br /> <br /> What's particularly nice is that the film sees the sportiness of Flynn as a boxer. While some recordings are double, almost all boxing scenes are from Flynn and he convinced as a pugilist. This was a nice departure for Flynn, who generally played "Pretty Boy" roles or Swashbucklers, and this shows how strong a character is. If you want to know more, read a biography of him. He was a pretty rough character before he came to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now to the REAL James Corbett, keep reading if you're not 'I'm scared to find out how the movie is not accurate. First, Corbett was NOT a poor guy from a poor family, but he was educated and intelligent in college. Second, while he got Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. Third, the wonderfully touching final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film. Sullivan was an idiot and that would never have happened - in reality, Sullivan was more of an egotist and Corbett was not fat. Head guy they portrayed in the movie - though that made for a nice movie.
