Flynn, who is best known for his daring roles (and his bedroom antics!) Has a different approach to this film and it works just fine. With real boxing champ Jim Corbett, Flynn takes full advantage of his charm as he moves from a downtrodden banker in San Francisco to a celebrated pugilist while keeping an eye on company Deb Smith. He and his best friend Carson participate in an illegal fight and are arrested along with numerous other men (and a dog!) Including a prominent judge. The next day, Smith gives him the chance to get into the judge's private club. He takes this opportunity to go to the mercy of his exclusive members and find a place as a boxer of the club. His unusually skilled abilities in this sport will soon make him an opponent, right up to world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.). Flynn is downright magical here. He is the epitome of charm, charisma and allure in this role. He looks great (especially in a hangover scene with his hair rolled up and wearing a white union suit), and he mischievously does practically all of his own stunks (impressive!). Smith exudes class and flavor from every pore and goes great with Flynn. At the time, he needed a female Costar who could withstand his progress and reputation (he was raped by law at the time), and she admirably does that. She is repelled by his freshness and cavalry attitude, but can hardly help and falls into his spell. Bond is incredibly stocky, brawny and towering, yet affectionate when required by the script. An entertaining support is provided by a young and exuberant Carson. Frawley is a trusted joke as Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is also outstanding, including Flynn's rambunctious family and a selection of stuffy Nob Hill types. The whole thing is beautifully decorated and safely addressed. Some of the sets are presented amazingly. Some of Smith's dresses border on the glare, but she goes very well with the bright hairstyles. It's a great insight into the first days of championship boxing, but it's also much more. Some of them (like the character traits shown by Flynn) are enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many of them are authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the fight scenes.) One line is especially memorable: "I believe you, I like you more than me you like, but it's quite possible that I love you more than you love me. "It's a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers in the entire script).
