James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point of this lively and remembered fictionalized biography. The author was before the turn of the century the successor of John L. Sullivan, world heavyweight champion. The events of the narrative portray Corbett as a brazen, but sympathetic and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudice in his day, when he was considered the only son of Irish immigrants, surprised everyone. It took several hours of exciting and often amusing screens to prove that his competitors were wrong. He is a bank clerk when the movie starts, but he somehow invites to a sports club that cares about the wealthy. He falls in love with a pretty but posh girl he always seems to argue with, and he lives at home with a belligerent clan of Corbett's, who seems to fight as often as others. When he defeats the best of the club and a professional fighter city is able to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. He sets off with his friend, who acts as manager and coach, and despite some setbacks in the area, he wins all his fights and draws attention. When he comes home to pursue his girl again, he is angry at Boston Strongboy, the mighty John L. Sullivan, who enters bars and claims he can "lick every man in the world." Few believe he can win a fight against Sullivan, but Corbett called him "Gentleman Jim" because, thanks to his kind manners and his patrician appearance, he surprised himself by moving, leaping out of reach, and nullifying Sullivan's furious power made. The most beautiful scene of the film may come when a beaten Sullivan congratulates Corbett. The new champion stands up for the moment, telling Sullivan a few years before it could have been different, showing only admiration and respect. He gets his girl as a result of his two appearances, but at the end of the film, as they visit his parents' parents, the manager of the world can say, "The Corbett are back". The films are attractive and have a consistent style without being noticeable. The script was written by veterans Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from the Corbett novel. Sidney Hickox took over the cinematography with decorations by Clarence Steensen and Art Smith by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld took over the music and Milo Anderson the clothes. The film was cleverly directed by action film specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also enjoyed working with Walsh, but did not care about the other director he worked most for, Michael Curtiz. Among the performers were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances the lovely Alexis Smith a bit spotty, but smart as the girl who loves Corbett, and a very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man he liked to play. He later said that it was his favorite role from that time ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale his charismatic father, John Loder a prolific opponent, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine Le Beau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields and Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki were present at the gratifying negotiations. It's hard enough to say about the logic and carefree fun these creators have created. It is one of the most popular films of all sports biographies and one of the most beautiful by my standards.
