Having erased my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, it feels like I can now overcome this review for the complex French drama Read My Lips. I have written over five hundred reviews and have never been as speechless as with Jacques Audiard's subtle but inspiring love story. Reflecting on what was loved and hated in this film, and as the "loved ones" overwhelmed, it was the elements that were hated that triggered another debate in my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. More specifically, it is a drama with characters that blends social uncertainty with criminals with the backlog of office work. This review is starting to crumble, is it all these things? but it is more, much, much more. As a viewer, you are immediately taken by Emmanuelle Devos' portrayal of this frail woman named Carla, whose strength is lost to the male staff in her office and her hearing difficulties. Audiard leads us hard into her world by removing the sound from the screen when it is not carrying its help, which leads to immediate unrest, not only from the characters in the movie, but also from the viewers. Without sound, the world is open to all possibilities, and that's scary. <br /> <br /> When we observe this difficult and disturbing woman in her life, we are uprooted and have the opportunity to meet Paul (exquisitely played by Vincent Cassel), a sleek, long-haired man who is just out of jail was made homeless, unemployed and forced by his probation officer to get a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is this moment of instant, disturbing attraction. The one we think she loves, but it's dark (and here it will be even more fun)? and where we think he loves her, but she is dark. The constant role reversal creates the sound of the unknown. Who do we have the greatest sympathy for as spectators? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract to a colleague, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips is useful to Paul's idea. The constant leaps back and forth on your chair, waiting for the possibility of some light shining through this dark cave. It never does. Audiard can not only allow this story, but introduces us more and more characters; one as grumpy as the other. Even our rock, our solid foundation with the probation officer, is questionable if his wife is missing. a subplot to this film that initially annoyed me, but after further debate this was a crucial conclusion to this film. None of this could have happened if our characters had not been. Devos' solemn and domestic look is breathtaking as she changes her image for Paul. The truth of her beauty is discovered. Paul, the wildcard in the film, continues to use and abuse the friendship for his final. Then Carla takes on a final shape. Audiard knows that he has amazing actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could only play cards all the time, and I would still be sitting at the bottom of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this film, is initially random. The interwoven stories seem disconnected at first, but Audiard gradually lets them connect. Again the whole segment of the probation officers was touched, but this last scene only solidified the means. Not vague, but this complex (but extremely simple) story is hard to explain. It's busy, but it's up to you to connect the pieces together. A favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where some money is kept. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like watching a who-dun-it mystery in front of your eyes. Overall, I thought that this was a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget when it was over ?? I proved wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the door to discussion, not just with the characters, but with the situations. One will move in one scene after Carla and Paul in the next. When Carla made a discovery in Paul's apartment, I became deeply angry. With his characters and his development, Audiard brought real emotions to the screen and what was missing in the storyline? The actors could wear. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; This is not a one-time movie. To repeat. To repeat. To repeat. <br /> <br /> Rating: **** from *****
