I chose the film on the day it opened nationally in France as a personal opportunity for me to think about what had happened a year ago. The collection works as intended: it provokes a whirlwind of thoughts and feelings, works as an intellectual tribute and does not bow to the cheap sentimentality or the tricky reactionism. There are many claims that the film is anti-American: While I can not speak for all in this regard, I am an American who felt that such statements were completely wrong. People are making a lot of noise from the Egyptian part of Chahine because they are voicing perspectives on Palestinian suicide bombers and claiming that civilians in a democracy are "just goals" because they choose the governments that want to attack the bombers Piece: Different perspectives are discussed No one is considered truthful, and critics - if they have ever seen the play - seem to forget the fondness and warm dialogue that takes place between the director and the spirit of American dialogue. and the director's deep sadness when he heard about the tragedy. <br /> <br /> Pretty much all the movies are beautiful, thoughtful and inspiring, especially the brilliant work of Mahkmalbaf, Tanovic, Loach & Inarritu. Nair, as usual, effectively tells a true story of injustice against a Muslim family in the wake of anti-Islam hysteria that swept and is still sweeping the states. I found Gitai's play a bit vulgarly loud and simple in his critique of media hysteria in the face of terrorism, and Penn's play was too impressionistic and elliptical for my liking, though I had expected it. Borgnine is very good and courageous. SPOILER WARNING: A critic below has mistakenly read the falling of the towers as a happy moment for the character. I rather read that the falling of the towers is what, because the light floods his room, puts him in the loss of his life, which he did not want to recognize. This too is a kind of impressionistic piece, for we know that if the towers really blocked the light for that man's apartment, then only smoke and ashes flooded through his window instead of his light.
