As you may know, the theme was to ask eleven directors from around the world to shoot a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds, and a frame each. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What can Afghan refugee children understand to the collapsing towers? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): A Weak Act with Great Cinematography ... Imagine a deaf woman who lives from the WTC and does not understand that her dog is barking ... Now you just see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The greatest oriental filmmaker has pity ... For all: For a US soldier who died ten years ago, for the people in the Wtc, but also for a Palestinian suicide bomber. Maybe the less delicate movie against the USA. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good pictures, make us safe to travel ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): From one of the poorest countries in the world, a tender and funny story about five boys who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it, but no one believes them, if they know that they know where he is. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a twenty-year bloody dictatorship. Thousands of deaths, tortures: all that Henry Kissinger and the CIA have brought to Chile, and knowing this, is changing your point of view! I think that's because of this particular shortcut that no American movie distributor has agreed to release the movie in the US! Loach forgot to say that the WTC was built in 1973! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we all know too well, and many black screens. I did not get much of it, it's more of an artist video (showing in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc. around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic sentiment that followed on 11th September. Very well. - Sean Penn (us): A funny little story that reminds us of a fact that was usually forgotten. The WTC had a huge shadow and some places now have daylight they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): another one. There is not a single word about the WTC here, and the action takes place at the end of the Second World War. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- so --- A great movie, a great attempt to measure the temperature of the world. I love it.
