French production in which leading film directors from eleven countries were invited to 11-minute short films, which reflect their reflections on the events of September 11th. <br /> <br /> The film segments are very different in content and quality. Two refer to US complicity in terrorist attacks (in Chile against Allende, portrayed by British director Ken Loach on September 11, 1973) and in Palestine by US-backed Israelis in the segment of Egyptian director Youssef Chahine were shown). Two others are reminiscent of other destructive acts (a Palestinian suicide bombing in Tel Aviv shot dead by Israeli director Amos Gitan, Shohei Imamura's Japanese "holy war" against the West during the Second World War). There are many ironies in several stories. Shadows that darken the apartment of a grieving old man in New York City suddenly disappear as the World Trade Telescope in Sean Penn's work lands on the floor and gives the man pleasure for a moment. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Nair's film, which is based on a real incident, a missing young man, also from New York City, the son of a Pakistani family, is initially thought of as a fleeting terrorist, but later he proves to be a hero who has sacrificed himself in the attempt Others in the towers. <br /> <br /> There are angry moments everywhere. Loach has his sold out of Chile man from the Holy. Augustine quotes, so that hope arises from anger and courage: anger at the way things are, the courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan schoolchildren who have been banished to Iran to tell them about the events that have just happened in New York. However, they are understandably more impressed by a major event in their refugee camp, where two men have fallen into a deep well, one was killed, the other a broken leg. This is an understandable tragedy on a grand scale for the 6-year-olds. <br /> <br /> Idrissa Ouedraogo from Burkina Faso creates a drama in which the son of a sick woman spotted Osama bin Laden in her village and gathers her mates to catch the fugitive terrorist to get the $ 25 million US reward. He urges his friends not to inform adults about their plans, because the elderly would only spend the money on cars and cigarettes while he is trying to help his mother and others who are sick and destitute. <br /> <br It's the Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (producer of "Amores Perros"), who offers by far the most powerful and coolest segment, for the most part just a darkened screen with audio tape loops of vocals and voices and occasional beating , Short flashes of light gradually reveal how bodies fall from the high floors of the towers, and it dawns on us that the blows are those bodies that touch the ground. The sequence ends with elegiac orchestral music and a still image recording containing a phrase that is first shown in Arabic. Then the translation is added: "Does God's light guide us or blind us?" (In different languages ​​with English subtitles) Grade: 8/10 (B +). (Seen on 31.10.04). If you want to read more of my reviews, send me a message with instructions on my sites.
