It was clear from the beginning that 9/11 would inspire about as many films as World War II and Vietnam combined. However, there is a great danger that most of these films will be about as good (or better as bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is fortunate that the first international release around 9/11 is not a cheesy love story with many pretty faces, but a collective work by 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I am I do not want to say that all eleven episodes are great (Youssef Chahine's for example has an unnecessary prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamuras has a really bizarre ending) or that the segments are in the right one Sequence are (Imamuras are the only ones.) Not directly related to the twin towers, the film should be opened, not finished; Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last, as he is the most impressive. However, it is an impressive effort and an interesting account of how other parts of the world are responding to the collapse of the Twin Towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the opening segment of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which an Afghan teacher tries to explain to her students what has happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggests a minute's silence. Or Idrissa Ouedraogo's part (where a bin Laden double is so much like the real one that you'll be shocked if you see it promised), where 5 boys think about good things that can be done with the reward they've raised Load. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and extremely angry) segment of Ken Loach about a man from Chile who talks about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11th" - September 11th Allende was killed in 1973 when her president was elected and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have been a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it became a sad story and shared my appreciation for the best segment with inrush (mainly sound impressions and phone calls from the hijacked planes on a black screen, sometimes some pictures of it) people were falling down the WTC and finally a collapsing tower that ended in a brighter screen and a question appeared) and Amos Gitai on a hysterical reporter desperately trying to blow up after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (but that's hard to do recognize) One is a masterpiece of choreography. <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about a demonstration of the women of Srebrenica, Mira Nair - weird, but it takes an Indian director to do the probably the most western aspect - of a Muslim family whose son is under terrible suspicion after 9/11 and of Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as the widower who leads the most depressive life one can imagine) makes a unique film that is not easy to look at and hard to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic everyone knows in thirty years. I hope it will be remembered when you have started a long tradition of world cinema films. But it's much more likely to be remembered that you only need one movie. And as one of the few 9/11 films that were filmed at this time, this terrible event is not reduced to a love story with a happy ending just to delight the audience.
