This intense, character-driven 2007 suspense drama is like a big, juicy piece of Shakespear steak by a filmmaker who knows how to draw unusually wild, brimming performances from his actors. Consider Henry Fonda's only contradictory juror in "Twelve Angry Men," Katharine Hepburn's insane Mary Tyrone in "Long Days' Journey into the Night," Rod Steiger's Confronted Concentration Camp Survivor in "The Pawnbroker," William Holden's Wintry Lion in " Network ". and Paul Newman's alcoholic lawyer in The Verdict. The list includes some of the best screen work of the past half-century. You can add Philip Seymour Hoffman's desperately controlling Andy Hanson to the ranks. At age 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no sign of exhaustion, and in fact, he indulges in the melodramatic twists of first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterson's thick drawn script. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small It focuses on the moral compromises that develop in a family where two brothers desperately need money. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in his latest film, the strangely caged "Cassandra's Dream," but Lumet is neither keen nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inevitable story of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that should be victimless. In order to keep the neglected wife Gina happy and to satisfy an expensive drug habit, the bona fide Andy is revealed in an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother Hank is a mass of post-divorce in which child support payments and child support payments are co-responsible after the divorce proceedings. Andy designs a supposedly foolproof plan to rob their parents' suburban jewelry store none of them is supposed to be there. The aim was that the brothers pick up the transport and the parents apply for insurance. The law of Murphy intervenes in every possible way, starting with Andy, who urges Hank to do the work himself. After some brotherly confessions, Hank agrees, but too frightened to do it alone, he recruits a daredevil bush hunter who can handle the robbery. By destiny, the robbery happens on the one day Andy and Hank's mother open the store, and things quickly get out of hand. Although the back-and-forth storytelling technique is not new (for example, Alejandro González Iñárritus "21 grams"), Masterson's approach effectively delineates certain events from multiple perspectives, allowing you to understand how each character is perceived Impact of the game leads Unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The acting is pitch-perfect, beginning with Hoffman's mesmerizing performance as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose cool exterior and innate amalgamality mask layers of grudge against his family. I thought he was great in Tamara Jenkins "The Savages", but he is doing even better here. Lumet even draws a solid performance from the usually unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hank, who gives him the emasculated weakness that results in each of his unforeseen steps. Albert Finney behaves like her contested father with his typical career, but he provides the necessary foundation for the complexity at the Oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a wise choice to play Gina, as the actress is economically responsive to the responsive, vigilant nature of a small but pivotal role. Respected theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the Spider-Man trilogy) has little time as a mother, as does Amy Ryan as Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that border on excessive borders, especially as the situation for the brothers is becoming increasingly desperate, but the school leaders bring them so much energy that the flourishes become forgivable. After the disappointment of the comic book "Find Me Guilty", it's refreshing to see Lumet at its best here. The 2008 DVD features a highly informative commentary by Lumet, Hoffman, and Hawke that consistently communicate with ease and insight. In addition to the original movie trailer, there is also an above-average 24-minute feature: "Director: Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Was Made", the on-set footage and interview snippets with Lumet, two of them, featuring producers and the main actors.
