This is a thoroughly diabolical story about how bad things can go wrong. A simple robbery. Get a serious change. Get our finances together and everything will be hunky-dory. But the mom and pop jewelry store? No problem. The insurance pays everything. No weapons. Nobody gets hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Older, more successful brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor problems. Heroin addiction, cocaine acclimatization. A woman (Marisa Tomei), well, he does not seem to be able to perform for him. His flat stomach is long gone. Younger, sweet, slightly moronic younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) with some of his own Dinero problems. Behind him in supporting the child for his daughter, debts to friends and relatives who do not exactly impress her at work, etc. Sydney Lumet, in this show at the age of 82 (!) Directed and gets 99.99 percent right, which is hard to achieve in a thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I can remember, and most of the time the director prints the movie and lives with the storylines, the improbabilities, the cheesy scenes, and the end of the hurry. Here Lumet makes a thriller as if it were a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The spectacle is great. The property has no holes. The story sounds true and clear, depicting a story about human frailty that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even the Bard himself. Hoffman is of course excellent. If you do not have a marquee or a leading male presence, you have to get along with talent, workmanship and sheer concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the sweet little guy role, adds a layer of despair and overly human incompetence to the part, so we do not know if we should pity him or throw him in the bin. Albert Finney plays the father of wayward sons with a kind of steely intensity that contradicts his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical qualities of sexiness to join her unique creativity, manages to be as vulnerable and hard as the nails, as Andy's two timing wife. (But who could accuse them?) It's almost a movie critic to give five or ten stars to a commercial thriller, but if you're studying this movie, like any budding filmmaker, it would be well-advised to notice the kind of overkill (in the view of most Hollywood producers) attention for details that make up real art - something that only great artists can do and indeed can not do otherwise. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers in this movie? Well, maybe a dozen, check the credits.) All I can say in summary is: Way to go Sydney Lumet, author of a number of great films, and one to show such fidelity to your craft and your art at such an advanced age? May we all do half as well. <br /> <br /> Okay, the 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that his father (Albert Finney) could have followed the taxis that Andy had taken in New York without somehow losing his tail. This is insignificant and I wish all thrillers could be so small. One wonders why Lumet did not tell the story of Hank in the end. We can advise and advise. Maybe his fate fell to the bottom of the tailor shop. Maybe Lumet was not happy with what was being filmed and time was running out, and he just said, "Leave it like that, it does not really matter." And I do not think so. What happens to Hank will not be good. He's not the guy who manages to run away to Mexico and start a new life. He's the guy who gets a "light" penalty from 10 to 20 and holds it off and comes out as a kind of shrunken person who knows he was not really a man when he should have been. <br /> <br /> See this for Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's finest, director of The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and much more.
