Tarantino once noted in a 1930s melodrama called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. The same could be said - and not that he did Tarantino - for Sidney Lumet's best work in years, a melodrama in which the character is extremely worrying, not just because it involves the performers involved. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of script here (it basically breaks into crazy killer mode, in a series of climactic events that only work to the end, and even there the suspension of unbelief is of paramount importance), but you Script teaches character before the plot, and in a story where the actions surround a robbery, it's important to know who beat these people from beat to beat. It's damned bleak, relentless like Satan, but also 90% of the time absolutely captivating. <br /> <br /> Not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day-day to day character-to-character action, during and most often after the botched robbery "Mom & Pop" of the jewelry store, but because of the impressive cast (which I would like to add is the specialty of Lumet). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers each with their own financial stupidity, and the former goes on the latter, which looks like a foolproof robbery: the plundering of the mother and father's own jewelery business in Westchester. Hawke's Hank has another dodgy character, murders occur and suddenly it's a tragedy on the Greek level that affects the brothers and their father, played by a perfect Albert Finney. It's the material that most actors love - characters that are painfully human, like the Dog Day Afternoon, to the bone are flawed, but only want to put love and / or things right, and they are completely unable to needs to fulfill their wishes and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, Hoffman and Hawke are perfectly matched. Hoffman has a super-quiet and occasionally jocular behavior that reveals him as the brain of the operation until the aforementioned last ten minutes, but then smaller scenes in which he collapses emotionally (eg with Finney or the car scene with Tomei) talents to the limit ; Hawke, in the meantime, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, can not pay any debts and is referred to by his own father as a baby, and he fills the bill of the bill in all the ways that matter. He is not as flawed as his older brother, but who wants to pick a straw for this title? And Finney is, as I said, crazy all the time, making Big Fish seem like a breeze (the last scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face retreats in a horror that has built up in the second half. <br /> <br /> Also supportive twists by Marisa Tomei, two insane and perverted two-bars, Michael Shannon by Bug as Bad White Rubbish and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris's Short, Accurate Impressions, this is a movie featuring tremendous skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that is not limited to details, not for eye-catching handsets, but to make every step of the eternal downward spiral of a family clear - if it's not as dazzling as Serpico or Network , the pawnbroker or the 12 Angry Men, it's as close as anything Lumet has ever done.
