In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an addictive real estate agent who underestimates much of his addiction and expensive lifestyle with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an exam is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His little brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser who owes his daughter three months of child support and every Thursday afternoon has a love affair with Gina. Andy plans a raid on the parents' jewelry on a Saturday morning without the use of pistols and expects to find an old employee who does not inflict any financial damage on his parents, as the insurance company would reimburse the damage. On Monday morning, we raised the necessary funds to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hank to participate because he is well known and could be recognized in the mall where the jewelry is located. However, Hank dies and asks the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things go awry when her mother, Nanette (Rosemary Harris), comes in as assistant to the employee and brings Bobby a hidden weapon. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby but is also fatally hit. After the death of Nanette, her father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you're dead" is a comedy of the mistakes a good reveals story. The originality and the difference lie in the script, with a non-linear narrative à la "Pulp Fiction". The eighty-three-year-old Sidney Lumet has another great work and impresses the longevity of this director. Philip Seymour Hoffman is great in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father, who breaks the world mainly because of his insecure and awkward brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressively beautiful and sexy and shows a magnificent body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is actually a bad place. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba - Que Você Está Morto" ("Before the devil knows you are dead")
