The Bible teaches us that the love of money is the root of all evil. The love of money leads to greed, which can lead to pride and finally to destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will learn how much the love of money will cost them and those who love them the most. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not be any different. Andy apparently enjoys the success of working on the New York property market and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), who has the idea of ​​a trophy woman, if ever there was one. Hank, however, is a divorce faced with the graces of his ex-wife, the expensive school bills of his daughter, and endless child support. Still, a man who thinks well and has good intentions can not escape Hank from the water he slowly lifts above his head, no matter how hard he floats to stay above it. <br /> <br /> Andy, however, has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother being that he hides them better. He has committed fraud against his company and is heavily involved in drug use to avoid his fears. The pressures of his life and the lies he needs to sustain his apparitions make him flee with Gina to come back from scratch. Of course, just like Hank, he needs money and thinks he knows how to get it. As? By depriving the jewelry shop that their parents own and operate. In this betrayal, the brothers Hanson, their families and several other lives are destroyed by greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of Before the Devil knows you're dead is the way the story is told. After the robbery goes awry and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), the mother of Andy and Hank, was killed, the story is told from different angles on different days before and after the robbery. We learn more about the motivation of Andy and Hank and also about the reaction to her father Charles (Albert Finney) on the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially Andy, is also being investigated, and another possible motivation is discovered after it has been shown that there is little love between the two men. Nanette may have been much loved by her sons, but her father is a different story. Philip Seymour Hoffman once again proves why he is one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood today, portraying Andy as not just an actor greedy criminal with a lack of morals, but also contradictory as a man with whom we can sympathize. Not only does Ethan Hawke bring Hank to life as a loser, but as a man desperately trying to hold onto what he has left. Andy and Hank are brought to life in such a realistic way that it's easy to see them not just as characters, but as very real images of lost and confused men now facing the consequences of their actions. <br /> Before the devil knows you are dead, it is a moral story of how our actions lead to consequences that we might not otherwise expect. In addition, our decisions may affect those around us that we never expected. In what should have been the best picture of the year, we see how a life is easy to break, when the love of money is the ultimate pursuit to facilitate our troubled life. In other words, there are no simple corrections or answers to our problems, and trying to find them can only make things worse. <br /> <br /> 10/10
