I have to admit that this is the kind of movie I do not usually like, but I rented it mainly because of the stars. I certainly was not sorry. As you can see, I rated it with five stars. This film is the perfect combination of keen government and superior acting. <br /> <br /> Andy and Hank Hanson are brothers who decide to commit the outrageous crime of robbing their parents' jewelry store. The crime goes terribly wrong - this begins an investigation of the three men of the Hanson family. Through a series of flashbacks, we get to know Charles Hanson and understand the tense relationship between father and sons. <br /> <br /> Younger brother, Hank is basically a failure. He's always struggling to get a job, and he's going a lot downwind. Hank is insecure, cowardly and is very under the influence of his big brother. Ethan Hawke nailed Hank's character to a T and gives what is probably his best performance so far. He shows us a man who is basically good-natured but so influenced by external forces that he can not perform an important task. <br /> <br /> Andy - superficial - seems to be a successful businessman. Soon, however, we realize that he is a drug addict and was embezzled by his company to pay for his habit. It's Andy who works out the plan to rob his parents' shop, and he gets the will of the weak will to commit the act. Philip Seymour Hoffman - certainly one of the best actors of our time - plays Andy. Hoffman is an actor who can portray a man who is on the surface of a charming businessman who is liked by his acquaintances, but a real mud ball under him. He is absolutely perfect for Andy's role, or it could be said that he made Andy the perfect role with his superior acting skills. Albert Finney plays a father who is common to his generation. Charles Hanson is not a bad or callous man, but he has a bad relationship with his sons because he has never really understood what was needed to maintain a positive bond between his sons and himself. He was always too fast to criticize and admonish. He always made it clear that he preferred his younger son to the older one, which led to a big emotional gap between him and Andy. When we meet Charles and Andy, the idea that Andy is working out a plan to rob his father is not so incredible. Personally, I can not believe how much Charles Hanson reminded me of my own, and how much Andy and Hank reminded me of my own brother and me. Maybe that's one of the reasons I enjoyed the movie so much, like the story of a distant, critical father, a more successful older brother, and a less successful younger brother who was so close to their hometown. Fortunately, my brother and I have never been able to commit a crime against my parents - we estimated that we were made of stricter and more moral material. This complex of personalities and actions was expertly composed by experts director Sidney Lumet. At eighty-three years old, he still has the opportunity to convey to the audience the characters and the edge of the seat that hypnotizes. 12 Angry Men was his first movie filmed fifty years before "Before the devil knows you're dead", but he has not lost touch with his magical touch by showing us characters that will be remembered for a long time. <br /> <br /> The events and characters of Before the Devil Knows You're Dead are tough and unattractive, and this is definitely not a feel-good movie. However, there are two hours of ultimate entertainment that I can fully recommend.
