The full title of this movie is "May you be in heaven for half an hour before the devil knows you are dead," a rewording of the old Irish toast. "May you have food and clothes, a soft pillow, may you be in Heaven for forty years before the Devil knows you're dead." First screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) has developed a melodrama, this examines how fragmented a family can become when external forces drive members to unimaginable extremes, in which the viewer is allowed to view the gradual, but almost complete, implosion of a family through a much-used but very sensible manipulation of the flashback / flash Reliving the Storytelling Forward Technique By repeatedly offering the different views of each character to the key events that make up this rather shocking story, we see that all the motivations of the players in this case of a robbery have gone awry. "Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy leader, Married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei) and addicted to expensive drug use. His life starts to crumble and he needs money. Andys ne're-do, the younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke), is a life in ruins - he is divorced from his rogue wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is in child support and support and has everything he can Borrowed from his friends and he needs money. Andy suggests a modest robbery of a small mall-and-pop jewelry store that promises safe and quick cash for both. The glitch is that the jewelry story belongs to the parents of men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy brings some money to Hank and claims an agreement that Hank will make the actual robbery, but although Hank agrees to the "fail-safe" plan, he hires a friend to take over the actual job while Hank is about to take over the driver of the tour to be car. The robbery is terribly miserable when Nanette logs on the regular office worker, shoots the robber, and is himself shot into chaos. The disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile relationships of the family. When Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners), with surprises on every corner, are driven to catastrophic ends. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this powerful yet emotionally perceptive film performs excellently, and although we expect this from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan, and Harris, this is the clever hand of Sidney Lumet, which makes this movie so memorable. It's not a simple movie to watch, but it's a movie that allows brave performances that demand our respect, a movie that reminds us how fragile many families can be. Grady harp
