I have to admit that I had doubts about this movie before I saw it. The main reason is that it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I've seen several films that were said to have been inspired by Hitchcock, or that could have been made by the "Master of Suspense" themselves, but so far I have not seen any of these films that could pass the test time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a term that is too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand, I have to admit that I was fascinated because it's a European movie. Usually it's the big Hollywood studios that abuse Hitchcock's name if it increases their income. But this movie was filmed in one of the most chauvinistic European countries of all time, and I'm sure most French people are dead rather than admitting that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie, and I have to say that I'm glad I did that. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips", as it is known in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a diligent and loyal employee, but she was never appreciated by her colleagues. This has a lot to do with the fact that she suffers from a lack of hearing that has denied her access to the company's hierarchical leaders. However, if she is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for her, it will all change. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old and totally inexperienced ex-convict. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers him when needed. She hopes to teach him what a normal life should look like, but at the same time he pulls her along in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is used too often Um To describe a very good thriller - what this movie definitely is - I will not make a comparison between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard's directing. The fact is, the guy did a really good job with this movie. I had never heard of him before, but he knows how to build tension and how to stop you from start to finish. Of course, that has a lot to do with the very beautiful and original story. I doubt there's anyone in Hollywood who ever came up with the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a strong role, rather than making her the helpless subject of an abusive husband (the typical TV movie story) br /> <br / > Noteworthy is the acting in this film. Vincent Cassel is pretty famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles, but both have done a great job with their characters, making them feel very credible and realistic. Paul could have been the average hard guy straight out of jail and Carla the normally helpless woman, but thanks to their accomplishments, you really believe that these are two strong people who both had some bad luck in life but make the most of it. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a strong movie with a very good script and great acting. Despite the fact that I had my doubts, I soon became one of the biggest admirers. I give this movie an 8/10. Do not hesitate to try it.
