I start to see a very consistent pattern in the identity of the 2007 films. If 2004 was the year of biographies and 2005 was the year of political films, 2007 can be identified as a year full of moral stories, films that depict, test, question and question human morality and the motives that drive us Doing things. Although this identification is quite broad, I think there are a handful of films that have been released this year, such as 3:10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men, and others that support human morality questioning human morality and studying motives that lead us to deeds such as violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows you're dead, it's an indecently stylish moral story, and a pretty dark, gloomy and depressing story. Even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classical directors of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, many of whom have said that he has passed his heyday, but with this viciously rich thriller again comes to prominence <br / > It's one of those films whose actions are so thick you're reluctant to go into detail. It is a film that is best enjoyed when it comes to the events without any prior knowledge to unfold as there are twists and turns. But the thick and richly decorated plot is not the focus of this film; The true focus is, as I have already mentioned, the moral history; the motives that drive these two men to the actions of the film. In an action that is structured like a combination of the filmographies of the two Coen Brothers (especially Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men being forced, under various dodgy circumstances, to commit a fairly simple crime incredibly ridiculously wrong, and with full force and inevitable tragedy back and forth. To make it even more interesting, the film is narrated in a fragmented chronology that keeps following a series of events that follow a different character and always arrive where it left off last time. Crackling, sharp, thick and depressingly depressing, Kelly Masterson's screenplay is surprisingly poignant and well rounded, especially because it's a debut screenplay. <br /> <br /> But the movie has much more to offer than just the incredibly sinister and rather depressing storyline. First and foremost, the picture looks and feels great. Sidney Lumet has consistently used an interesting style of cinematography and lighting throughout his career: naturalistic yet stylish. The film gives a distinctive look of style and class with wonderful natural lighting that just looks great. The workmanship is first class; The combination of the crackling drama-thriller aspect with a long period of time that really takes time to adequately represent the action. And vibrant, dynamic camera angles and movements add style. Behind the film is a fantastic juicy score by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The script plays its part and of course Lumet, but in the dramatic center of the film are three masterful actors who deliver incredible performances. First and foremost, there are the two clues. Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been a stellar actor, but stumbled upon the newfound status of a leading man after his unnaturally fantastic Oscar-winning performance in Capote, is in the lead. His turn in this film is fascinating: strongly flawed, broken, manic. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the movie that really bring out all his dramatic rage, and not just his subtlety and wit. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who has performed fantastically in many films that are almost always overshadowed by great, great actors. Here he jumps off Hoffman and complements him so incredibly well; All in all, the dynamic spectacle between the two is simply fantastic and compelling. The audience quickly loses in the characters and forgets that it sees actors. And then there's Albert Finney. Such a supple, opulent supporting role as the one he has requires an experienced professional, and here Finney has for many years performed his best as a tragically obsessed father for the two brothers involved in the crime. I love how the dynamics between the three evolve. I think it's great that Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly picks his younger brother, even though they're now middle-aged men. and yet it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the subject of the cast, the two supporting female characters? Wives of the brothers? There are also fantastic performances by Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose looks get better over the years. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes and style have already been researched by The Coen Brothers and it is easy to imagine that they are leading this film. But for a movie that enters familiar territory, it's just good. Lumet employs his enormous directing talent and uses his unique and subtle sense of irony and style in Masterson's brilliant, intense and morbidly depressing debut screenplay. The lead performances are incredibly intense and the movie features absolutely fantastic twists from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney. But the biggest wonder of the movie is that Sidney Lumet, three years after winning a Lifetime Achievement Oscar, revered as the ultimate sign of leaving the film business, proves that he still has the immense talent to be a truly wonderful one Resonate, an intense piece of cinema that is reminiscent of its golden years.
