Sydney Lumet had been out of a box-office hit for 20 years, yet at the age of 83, he managed to produce a tight, well-filled, thrilling thriller in his old stamping grounds in New York City. (How he assures himself after all the flops, let alone the budget, is also a mystery). The story is pretty gloomy and the characters are not very likable, but I stayed at the edge of my seat until the final scene. Two brothers with pressing financial problems conspire to rob a jewelery store outside the city owned by their older parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes awry and two people die. Most of the film deals with the aftermath. The action is not linear and seen from different angles of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to work out, is the background story? How did the brothers get into such a mess? There are hints? The younger brother, who is the baby of the family, is the favorite of his fathers, while the older brother seems to carry a lot of luggage in his relationship with his father and vice versa, but this hardly leads to him being a heroin user. <br /> <br /> A pathetic older brother, the stout Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the movie, but he is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his mobbed, inappropriate younger brother. Albert Finney seems to be in constant rage as a father, but the script calls for it. Marisa Tomei, the older brother's fraudulent wife, aged 42, has the sexiest performance I've seen in many years. The movie literally starts with a bang, but we're pretty soon out of this comfort zone. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origins of this story from the first screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that like Lumet's great 70's movie "Dog Day Afternoon" is based on facts? It's too stupid to be untrue. Lumet is pretty much the last of these immensely versatile, old artisan studio directors who were able to do almost anything that was set before them at tremendous speed. That's how some great movies and some classic turkeys were produced. This is not a classic of the two? It's a well done piece of downbeat entertainment. You will probably feel that you were lucky not to be a member of a family that is as dysfunctional as this, but still wondering how they came about. We know that the parents were happy, but we see so little about the mother and hear so little about her that it is impossible to relate to the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems superfluous). Well, like Tolstoy, we have to realize that "every unfortunate family is unhappy in its own way."
