What an extraordinary thriller !! My wife and I saw this last week at the Toronto International Film Festival, and it was by far the best film of an exceptionally strong festival. It is after DR already my second favorite movie of all time. STRANGELOVE and I were definitely at an emotional climax when I went home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the plot, because thrillers of this caliber are best enjoyed without prejudice. One summary I would like to share is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, plan to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The movie bounces back and forth for about two weeks (before, during, and after the robbery), and a key scene is repeated at least three times. Normally this could disturb the impulse of a movie, but that never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, the excitement and even the quality of acting seemed only to improve with the progress of the film. In the end, I was sitting on the edge of the seat, waiting breathlessly for how everything would pack up. I know I used a few clichés in this post, but I was literally at the edge of my seat. I should mention that the nonlinear plot is easy to follow. This is not the kind of movie in which you hear viewers asking their friend to explain the plot during the movie. <br /> <br /> The acting is all around brilliant and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the movie if the casting was not so perfect. One tiny complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but that's a small mistake that I can easily overlook. Hoffman was at his best and some of his scenes with Hawke were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (father of Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some cameo performances were so impressive that I can still remember every remark, gesture and facial expression from Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The Raid scene felt more authentic than any other cinematic robbery scene I've ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. The music helped to build the tension throughout the film, often playing the same notes very effectively. I had the music in my head the next day as I sat through other films. In addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was an action that felt a bit unbelievable (big spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty damn perfect. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen awesome movies that I would like to see a second time, but BEFORE THE DEVIL KNOWING THAT they are dead is in a league of their own. By the way, the director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and he introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak and she looked a bit shy, so Lumet asked, "Can you believe that such a beautiful camera could be so shy?" This comment is quite ironic in the face of the graphic opening scene !!
