Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) are sick of fighting who the biggest guy is and Daddy (Albert Finney) loves more, so they save a hair-raising plan to rob Mommy's and Daddy's jewelry that they can clear their debts and start over. Sounds like a great plan, except that this is an exciting 1970s melodrama about a misguided robbery. Is it really wrong for our hapless duo and everyone involved? Concocted by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically executed by director Sidney Lumet, Lascivious uses "The Devil Knows You're Dead" as the raid on his McGuffin to plunge deep into the family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he apparently made a deal with the devil to deliver one last major movie. Lumet was at his zenith in the 70s with films like "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite movies of all time, "Network". He has somehow managed to create a movie that wears all the hallmarks of his classics, bringing together some of the more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POVs) into a crackling, throbbing, slender, mean, and provocative melodrama. One can only hope that some of the modern greats (like Scorsese or Spielberg), who in the same decade were at the height of his game Lumet, will have so much chutzpah when they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master at leading people through spaces to create tension and develop characters. As the cast rolls through Manhattan's meticulously appointed offices and homes, its slow-moving camera creates a noticeable sense of concern, as we never know who is around the next corner or what that person might do in the next room. It is also amazing how Lumet uses the multiple POV and shift time frame approach. The coherent and classic presentation he uses makes the similarly structured films of prodigies Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu look like an amateur class. <br /> <br /> Lumet is best when he stages fantastic ensemble cast and makes her act within an inch of her life. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, never will be, and never will. Albert Finney's quietly scorching portrayal of a betrayed father and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece that can be seen unfolding. Ethan Hawke, usually a nondescript handsome boy, is perfect as an emotionally crippled younger brother who has left his charm and appearance far too long behind. However, the coup d'état is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, who, as a fleeting trophy woman, are incredibly concise. Lumet lets her run through the range of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden mocked Beatrice Straight in "Network" for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. <br /> <br /> The devil of every great movie is in the details, from Albert Finney's knocking in the trunk of his car, which can not close because of a fender, to the look on Amy Ryan (fresh from her amazing twist) " Gone Baby Gone ") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke his terrible promise to his little girl, whom all three know he will not keep, to systematically find a family on the runners, to the dialogue that begs cultists to cite You (my favorite line is the weirdly threatening "Does it bother you if I call you Chico?") With the excellent Carter Burwell score. "Before the devil knows you are dead" is the movie of the year. If anything turns out well, we know that a few other deals need to be brokered with Old Scratch.
