The French film directors are still fascinated by their extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of everyday life on the ground. This was already evident in the publication of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out) in early 2002, a brilliant study of the case of an employee in melancholy after he was fired from his job. Like the fondness of the French filmmakers, many scenes were shot on real streets and in public places, giving the story a real cinema. However, L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look thanks to excellent camera work and impressive footage (especially a Swiss mountain holiday). The masterful film is followed by another impressive French production: Jacques Audiard's criminal capsule, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). In fact, to make this film a crime, it is a disadvantage, because it is so much more. As with the previous French publication, this is a compelling character study in which fringe people use their brains to advance in a society that has turned their backs on them. At a Paris-based construction company, Carla, a shy, tiny young woman sits at her desk and is transferred to an area of ​​the office that provides important access to the Xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Unnecessary employees use the front of Carla's desk to chat and deliver their half-finished styrofoam cups of coffee. Partially deaf, Carla turns her hearing aids on and off at will, when the noise gets annoying, be it the drone of the paper copier or the shrill crying of a friend. When her boss calls her to the office and suggests that she hires a secretary for the office, Carla fears that she may lose her job. At the job center, Carla lists the specifications for her assistant (preferably male) as if she were at a personal relationship agency. He should be 25 years old and clean, with extensive computer and archiving skills. When the agency sends out an unkempt, threatening-looking young man, Carla is both shocked and fascinated. They leave the office and have lunch at a local eatery where Carla interviews her future assistant. When she learns that he has just come out of prison, Carla initially wants to have nothing to do with Paul, but has a change of heart and sets him. Although she is basically kind to her helper, Carla is now in an authority position and possesses a newfound sense of power. Paul learns fast and becomes a skilled worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even covers it when his probation officer comes to the office one day and wonders why Paul missed his appointment. During a lunch break, Carla Paul informs about her hearing loss and reveals her ability to read lips. Later, as a stingy colleague apparently takes on a project Carla worked on, an angry Carla asks Paul's help to seek revenge on the man. From here, in Sur mes levres, an increasingly intense crime drama unfolds, turning into some of the most violent graphic scenes that have been screened in recent years. The script borrowed elements from Hitchcock, especially REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lip-reading talent comes into its own with binoculars. Between the two protagonists there is a curious, always sexual attraction, which leads to a rather strange tribute to NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but due to the considerable sexual heat that slowly builds up between the two stars works. However, what you take away from this movie is not so much like classic Hitchcock thrillers, although these elements are definitely there, but the consistent view of a modern city (in this case, Paris) where life takes place The Spectrum ranges from profane working days to a lively, lively nightlife, in which sex, drugs and washed money permeate the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological tension that makes people on the street look like the ordinary man and woman on the street, where a slap in the face or groin sounds like a disgusting impact and where the office is closing is afraid. It's Hitchcock with the gloves.
