"The Blob" is considered a cult science fiction film not only because it brought the 27-year-old Steve McQueen on the way to the superstar, but also because he exploited the popular themes of alien invasion and teenage delinquency, which in the 1950s were inseparable. Interestingly, no one in Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson's script ever referred to the amorphous, scarlet protoplasm that fell to the ground in a meteorite and threatened every Friday night in Downingtown, Pennsylvania, as "The Blob." Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old western bounty hunter in Wanted: Dead or Alive, after producer Dick Powell saw this release by Paramount Pictures. McQueen's attractive girlfriend Aneta Corsaut starred in the "Andy Griffith Show" as Sheriff Taylor's school friend Helen Crump alongside Andy Griffith. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but real teenagers rarely played real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr. made his directorial debut with "The Blob". Linaker & Simonson's screenplay synthesized four genres: first, the alien invasion; second, teenage delinquency; third, a murder mystery and fourth; a horror cooler While the gelatinous substance takes on different forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the eponymous Jell-O neither speaks telepathically nor communicates it. Instead, it kills without hesitation and does not discriminate against anyone. The sound of "The Blob" is quite serious despite its somewhat pugnacious nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers point out on the Criterion DVD release of "The Blob," the film opens unusually fi horror thriller with our hero and heroine in a remote rural setting kissing each other. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a big meteor fall to the ground and drive off to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and nudges it with a stick. The meteor jumps up and a slimy bunch sticks to the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland from "The Paleface") is looked at more closely, the goop hangs on his hand. The old man runs screaming out of the crater and Steve nearly hits him with his jalopy. Steve and Jane pick up the guy and bring him to Dr. Halls in the city. <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane take the old man to his office. Hallen calls his sister to return, as he may need to perform an amputation. Of course, Halls has never seen anything like this on the man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes meet another group of teenagers that Steve drives fast. Steve gets him into a backward race, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) drops him off the hook. Steve and the teenagers visit the place of the meteor crater and find the warm remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and rescuing a dog, the teenagers parted for a spooky late-night movie, while Steve and Jane went to see dr. Halls office returned. In the meantime, the blob has completely absorbed the old geezer, killed Hallen 'nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither acid thrown on the protoplasm nor the shotgun of halls affect the stain. Steve glimpses the stain that absorbs halls. When Steve and Jane go to the police station to report the incident, Dave is frankly disbelieving, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks this is a prank. Bert has an ax for teenagers because his wife died when someone hit her car. Steve and Jane take her to the hall office, but they can not find anyone's hide-and-seeks, but that gives Dave the office was destroyed. Against Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave hands the teen over to their respective parents. No sooner have Steve and Jane got their people to believe that they are sleeping well in bed, then they dare to go again. They drive into town and see the dog of the old man who escaped from a supermarket. As they go to fetch the mutt, Steve steps outside the electric eye door of the grocery and it opens. They can not find anyone inside, but they hit the blob. Steve and Jane take refuge in a freezer and the blob does not attack them. Later, after escaping, Steve persuades the teenagers who challenged him in a street race to warn the authorities because he should be in bed at home. The police chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store. Around this time, the blob kills the theater projectionist and attacks the moviegoers. Suddenly, a horde of people leave the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane land at a lunch counter that the blob attacks. The owner and our heroes are digging into the basement, and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its freezing content forces the blob to retreat. The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the city and manage to freeze the blob. The Pentagon sends a team down to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the remnants of the blob drift down to the polar ice pack, the final credit appears with a ghostly giant question mark. Producer James B. Harris received military inventory from a Globe-Master military transport plane that deposited the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved to be a drive-in hit, and Steve McQueen's attention grabbed celebrity the movie added momentum. If you're not a teenager, this little horror movie is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his scenarists bring enough paranoia and sympathy to our heroes. They never show that the blob actually assimilates its victims and leaves that to their imagination, so "The Blob" is not without modification.
