I saw this a few years ago for the first time in a Sicilian television station that has since died; Amazingly enough, Criterion's movie was a cheap DVD: I was not sure what I'd done with it (although I've gained cult status over the years, the performance of even genre fans is clearly modest), I decided to buy it not to make? like me with the similar and unknown FIEND WITHOUT A FACE (1958). Recently, however, I managed to acquire THE BLOB via a copy of the Spanish DVD, which was interestingly ported via the two audio commentaries from the "Special Edition" criterion. Unfortunately, I could not turn off the Spanish subtitles. Play the main feature! With a new look at the film, I was still surprised how much I liked it (despite many narrative errors, which I will be able to talk about later)? as a pure example of "B-movie" disappointment (atypically recorded in pleasant colors) and a time capsule that illustrates the social attitudes of the late fifties. The male lead role was an early role for Steve McQueen, and though the actor later viewed it with contempt, his only contribution to the genre turned out to be quite captivating: not repulsive of youthful kicks, but essentially a decent (and More importantly, altruistic child, the special effects that the slimy and spreading creature present are not too bad of their type and period, the movie itself is rising to a good climax, starting with a monster's invasion of a movie theater ( shown in "DAUGHTER OF HORROR" [1953/7], as I mentioned recently in the review of the film, but strangely shown "turned around" and what sequence by the way to see when opening an Italian satirical program would actually called "Blob"! As for the admittedly minor issues I have with the movie, the monster is not shown on travel - it dives easy on different places and is not seen by anyone! There is a staggering over-emphasis (equivalent to padding) on ​​the children's scratches with the police; it's stupid to let the city doctor shoot on The Blob ?? as if liquid can be destroyed regardless of their share by bullets! It is equally nonsensical for young people to alert the public to danger by doing door-to-door visits (especially considering that only McQueen actually saw the monster in action at that time)! In 1972, an inferior sequel titled BEWARE THE BLOB! the original was then made new in 1988 ?? I've seen that not so long ago, but it does not seem to have impressed me long (although I know Micheal Elliott loves it). To record, I will follow this visit with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
