THE BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the vividly awful images of its almost unstoppable, meat-dissolving title character, but because it has a real social message. It's a "feel-good horror movie" in many ways. The clever plot is immensely supported by solid performances from the entire cast. The two romantic lead roles Steve McQueen and Aneta Corsaut bring surprising depth and sentimentality in the process. They are misunderstood, but very well meaning young people, and it is very easy to root them. <br /> <br /> This is a pro-society movie and its juvenile delinquents cause annoyance mainly out of boredom, not out of the house of some malicious character flaws. Steve McQueen's drag racing rival seems almost an enemy at the start of the trial, but quickly enters McQueen's campaign to save the city from the invader when he sees McQueen's seriousness. In this way, a character situation that at first seems like a caricature suddenly develops deeper and human realism. The authorities' initial skepticism about the wild claims of the children has proved wrong - and as soon as the threat is accepted by all, all conflicts within society disappear. This unification of the purpose and affirmation of the "problematic" teenager becomes official when Aneta Corsaut's father breaks into the school to fetch the fire extinguishers needed to freeze the blob. On any other day, burglary would be seen as a vandalism typical of a juvenile offender - on this day it is a necessary act of an adult authority figure. At this turning point, it is clear that there are no dividing lines between young and old. <br /> <br /> This is an unusual film that recognizes the perception of a "generational gap," but this suggests it's more imaginary than real, and given a real crisis, people will naturally band together to restore order , "The Blob" is a perfect tonic for depression, which is usually seen with "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). <br /> <br /> Much has been done with the cheap but innovative movie (and effective!) visual effects. They are undeniably clever. Many of the gravity defying tricks we see at the blob were achieved with miniature sets designed for rotation. The camera was usually mounted in a very fixed "locked" position on the sets (the lights had to be mounted in a similar way to keep the lighting constant when the room was turned in that direction). These scenes were often shot one at a time while the room was being slowly turned - the silicone spill leaked very slowly and its effect had to be accelerated. In a way, this resembled the stop of motion photography, but used a silicone lump instead of an articulated puppet. The effects are still amazing and bizarre today. <br /> <br /> A very good movie with an exploitative title. THE BLOB is a must.
