Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have brought French director Claire Denis to the top of the world's most unique and experienced filmmakers. Her 2004 film The Intruder (L'Intrus) expands her portfolio. The film is a cinematic poem that conveys an atmosphere of lasting loneliness and loss. It offers an insight into the psyche of a man who is physically and mentally deteriorating and traveling to different parts of the world seeking salvation and peace but hard to find. Based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memoirs of a heart transplant, The Intruder is a film of such relentless opaqueness that, even after two considerations, it is difficult to describe it in any way other than subjective and impressionistic. Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his 70s who is likely to die of heart disease and how the professor in Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberries tries to deal with the mistakes of his life while he has time. It is clear that he is physically robust and very wealthy, but he seems to be emotionally drained, and his countenance looks calm and resigned. Although we only see one violent episode where he gets out of bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is an eerie feeling. He could be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a batsman. In any case, he is under some sort of surveillance and behaves like a man involved in criminal offenses and is only now able to see the consequences. Close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a hut in the Jura near the French-Swiss border and has an alienated son Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a narrative scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him a madman, but that does not stop him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> As the movie begins, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who gets into a van with a trained dog to sniff smuggling. When she gets home, she is greeted by her husband, who asks her with a wink if she has "something to explain?" Apart from these three people, the characters and circumstances that we see throughout the rest of the film can only exist in Louis' imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we all meet them in the first half hour of the movie: a pharmacist (Bambou) preparing his medication, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle), a dog breeder who refuses to look after his dogs Take care when he goes on a journey that tells him that they are just as crazy as he is, and a young Russian organ trader (Katia Golubeva), who he says wants a "heart of a young man". <br /> <br /> She ruthlessly pursues him throughout the movie, but apparently it's just in his head. In the final section of the film, Louis travels to South Korea and Tahiti in search of a heart transplant to present a gift to another son he has not seen for many years or has never seen. However, his heart transplantation seems to be a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life was intriguing but ultimately directionless and invaded other people's lives with little real empathy. The Intruder features a haunting guitar sound by Stuart Staples of the band Tindersticks, reminiscent of the guitar riff in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man, and gorgeous movies by Denis regular Agnes Godard. Godard creates unforgettable images that convey an incomparable image Longing and regretful mood: A heart beats alone in the snow, a child in a sling looks good to his father for two minutes, the expression of the baby gradually turns from an irritated smile to a half smile, colored streamers blow from a newly baptized ship A massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse and the vastness of the ocean seen from a rocking ship deck. While The Intruder may be frustrating because of its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience and understand the images on screen on a very personal level. If there is a topic, there might be an indication in the opening that tells us what is revealed in the film as a piece - "Your worst enemies are hiding in the shadow, in your heart."
