My stance on this local festival, where people saw me so often, that they helped me for a better source than I might have actually, began with a shake of the head: "Well, I can not summarize the plot, but it is really an excellent character study of a very spooky man. "Then I met, slightly embarrassed, at someone who actually knew what had gone down, that is, from whom Trebor inadvertently gets his new heart. It was my last movie on a long, long day at the half of the festival. Maybe I fell asleep. The better a movie is, the sooner it triggers daydreams that really make me dream. Do not know Knew there was an O'Henry twist, right behind my ken, when things were over. And knew it had something to do with the heart, hence the silly comic talent search. My disappearance comment had more to do with the intricacies of Trebor's connections in France, his relationship with the dog woman, and so on, things I'd been waking up to. Denis barely looks at details that may have been the treatment of another director. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often out of memory, especially festival films, movies whose DVD I have not at hand (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples.) and Plotknicke fade a lot faster than wider impressions. Still or already L'Inrus is in my memory an unmistakable character study of a kind of dark superman, a super-fiend not in genre or historical background, but active and plausible, relatively quiet, patient, but patient, directly under us. The scar, once he has reached her, makes him, visually, in the picture, a kind of hybrid Frankenstein monster, crazy doctor and creation in one. The actual doctors are his tools. If he does not remove and install the heart himself, it's just that it's not possible. He is always the power, the parasite eats everyone he touches, and finally himself. What else is he? To claim that he is us, the First World versus the Third, seems too simple, because he does not feed less of his fellow human beings, of whom we all come together. Denis's camera eye - when it comes to things I look at knowledge - usually goes where mine would do it, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I do not know. Snow-trekking, speeding cycling, and forest darkness I've known in a small way, but not the South Seas at all, so I've made better use of L'Intrus, both in France and in the crystalline islands of its destination, than in Beau Travail L '. Intrus is for me a very pleasant, unpleasant movie. It is a sequence of familiar places with an intimacy that enables us to know if we have seen reality or not. A single image, Trebor cycling, its enormous weight on the thin racing frame, the sounds of airborne injuries and screeching tires, the asphalt band, the dark green-sun evergreens, made me realize that the movie would be linear, a road trip, a single one volitional thrust. Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human error. No matter who he is with, he is alone, although apparently he has not always been. His body breaks off twice, first to need the new heart, then in spite of it. L'intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is hubris. <br /> <br /> I navigate dangerously through the thread of what I remember. Let's do it.
