Sammo Hangs movie Pedicab Driver from 1989 is regarded by many as his masterpiece. I have to agree that in most of the movie the movie is going to be as amazing and fantastic as any Hong Kong movie ever has. It's a combination of pretty good and well-written drama, interesting and likable (and not likeable) characters, some really funny humor and really hyper-kung-fu that's guaranteed to make many chin-lips drop when someone is unfamiliar with Hong Kong the films see the film as well as experienced enthusiasts in the unique industry. Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab riders who live in Hong Kong in the middle part of the city I think last century. They drive with their cabins and despair of love. Sammo is interested in local baker Ping (Nina Li Chi), while one day Max meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying whom he falls in love with. Many other characters are also featured, and they always remain pretty clear when the viewer really focuses on the movie and its plot. So I can not say that the movie is confusing because it could be a lot worse, especially in Hong Kong! For example, we soon learn that a ruthless gangster family is terrorizing the neighborhood and, of course, their violent actions are affecting our protagonists, and so the premise has been created for some of the incredibly choreographed kung fu combat sequences. As well as a nice drama. <br /> <br /> The movie has a great cast. The leads are all very good and restrained (not as painfully horribly exaggerating and "humor" as in Sammo's otherwise so big Eastern Condors (1987)), and they are also quite sympathetic and easily identifiable thanks to the meticulously written script The Cast includes many well-known HK movie faces and directors in small roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and director of films such as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Lair and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) the masterful composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (John Woo's The Killer and Ringo Lams School on Fire and Prison on Fire among many others, including Pedicab Driver!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (whom he fights furiously with sticks with Sammo), Alfred Cheung Kin -Ting (the director of the dark HK classic On the Run from 1988), the late great Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly face in various HK vampire horror / kung) Fu / Comedies), just to name a few. In fact, the cast in Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> The film has some interesting peaceful moments, especially about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen, and a crisis they experience thanks to the character of Lowell Lo. You really could have done a very serious piece if you had wanted the discussions about human values ​​and meaning of love, no matter what your past or what you have done, to be so serious and effective in the middle section more notable than our average kung fu spectacle. Also the efforts of the other characters to heal things are very touching and tell a lot about the right human relationships and friendship and of course about love. I still think that what Fennie says to Max (about the future "bad cooking") is very unnecessary and unfortunately weakens the potential of the entire segment and its topics quite effectively. <br /> <br /> But then we come to What the filmmakers are most interested in is the action, the outrageous and exaggerated action. The fight scenes include traditional Kung Fu, some sticks, meat splitters and the like. They are used as hysterically as in the overwhelming kung fu scene that I've never seen in any movie. Jackie Chan's Drunken Master II (1994), they are really great! There are wires that are very cleverly used and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when kicked or beaten. Simply stunning and again something that ONLY the Hong Kong cinema can deliver. The dangerous stunts also keep the audience breathless, as the movie has a fast auto-against-pedicab sequence and various dangerous-looking jumps and twisted bodies that fly through the air and force themselves to the hard target. However, the filmmakers do not seem to "accept" the violence of the film, as Sammo, like the late Bruce Lee, wants to give up after the last murderous mess in the gangster mansion, and I think that kind of morality does not matter how obvious or shallow it may be , is also a good thing in a harmless movie like this, because cinema should be more than just mindless entertainment. The film also has some very funny pieces of humor that I'm not sure anyone in Hollywood or America would (for example) understand or like at all. The weird Star Wars gag at the beginning is definitely down and literally made me laugh when I realized what I saw. Also, some funny scenes arise from Sammo's passion for ping. The biggest, astonished, laugh, however, came during the scenes presented in the previous version. The images of tall and tall men who fly across the screen to the walls or furniture with great force are just crazy and therefore I can not hide my feelings about these Eastern filmmakers when I witness such a thing and that is natural only positive and appreciative reaction. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most incredible Hong Kong action movies I've ever seen and easily one of Sammo's greatest achievements. If the few minor bugs were not there, it could be even brighter and higher. 8.10
