It's a gentle, uncomplicated 1950s comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a witch circle in Manhattan. She bores neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom, but eventually falls in love with him and loses his powers. Witches may have "hot blood," but no love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, as well. Hermione Gingold is the chief witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing witches. <br /> <br /> I have called it a comedy of the fifties, because it can hardly be confused with anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from decoration to wardrobe and action, to performances and directing. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He is referred to as "a drunk and a nut". And so the film demonstrates these qualities. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and a tie like the other gentlemen, his hair is a bit long and disheveled. This is a strict 50s version of a drunk and a nut. Nothing is out of place. everything is tidy and dust-free. The soles of Jimmy Stewart are barely scuffed. <br /> <br /> And at the Zodiac Club, where the witches hang out. It's called "a low dive". Still, it's a clean, dark place with courteous waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed clients and potted plants in front of bare brick walls. This is not my or your idea of ​​a "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dive in Greenwich Village is Julius or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, a now-defunct one lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these. <br /> <br /> The craziness we always hear about is muffled by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is weird because she's walking through her apartment with her bare feet. And she wears a lot of black clothes, like the beatniks of that time. <br /> <br /> But no matter. It's a funny romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for the emerging countries. She has a strange beauty, bulky and ethereal at the same time. She glides rather than leaves, a tiny presence. Her eyebrows seem to be drawn with a series of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as a confused and enchanted victim. In the 1930s he usually played in light roles. In the post-war years and the fifties he was the tortured protagonist, but here he uses his first experiences in comedy. Who could resist the laughter when Hermione Gingold forced him to wear a scarf and drink a hideous mixture of lazy liquid to heal him from Novak's spell? It is good to see him as a henchman instead of endangering the angry and indignant man in danger. Richard Quine performs the film quietly, with no fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the piece could not have. Notice the scene in which Novak Stewart draws his spell as the face and ears of the Siamese cat merge with Novak's astonishing eyes. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known TV personality. There was never anything like the Ernie Kovack show before or after. It is reminiscent of the word "surrealism". He was able to stage wordless and indescribable tricks in an unoccupied room for five minutes, with only Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra serving as background. And he made an incontestable sketch using the character of Percy Dovetail, a nasty poet. The credits skip The Condoli Brothers, but that's rather incidental, because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpeters with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte later became a member of Doc Severison's band in Johnny Carson's Late Show. <br /> <br /> The third act is a bit run down and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it is never boring. The whole movie is as neat as Van Druten's drama and the kids will probably get a kick as well.
