I can watch B, B & C and feel all the feelings I felt when I first saw it at the age of 18, maybe all except one. Surely Miss K. Novak has lost none of her silky appeal in nearly half a century. She thought of Diana Dors for teens. All those thinking teenagers who now collect their pensions can quickly recover the heart by holding on to it, tightening the collar, pulsing the blood and feeling it as they look directly into their eyes when they were told they never had anything it had done so well. Now, huddled against the cold and fearing being robbed by a hoodie, they crawl home as quickly as their arthritic knees can carry them out of the video library, feeling relatively happy in the certain knowledge that the triple-locked comparative safety of their fourth one is hers can only regain a small part of their lost youth and perhaps reflect that love is really eternal. This movie is the golden moment of Miss Novak. She seized him eagerly and showed a breathtaking lust, combined with a hypnotic awareness of her own sex appeal. Nevertheless, she convinces us that her character has a strange and beguiling innocence. She completely dominates the friendly Mr. J. Stewart, who is apparently resigned to give her the film. Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold, together with Mr. E. Kovacs, who strictly prohibits his peculiar talent, offer comic relief. Mr J. Lemmon plays Miss Novak's brother He is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as she realized that her existence was mainstream. Some of the hardcore beats re-invented themselves as hippies a few years later. Certainly they had become figures of fun until 1958. Mr. Lemmon does not seem to be too worried about the reluctance to portray one. But everything else is simple. Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only right to exist for "Bell, Book and Candle". She survives, her reputation is the ultimate showcase for one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Miss Novak is loved by moviegoers, ignored by critics and will always fascinate with this enigmatic smile. Old men have the power to press the play buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after we all left, she will be discovered by a new generation who will later discover that it is entirely possible for a woman to be fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
