John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a convent of modern witches living in New York City. it was obviously an attractive movie object. It was an outstanding role for Gillian Holroyd, begins her magical spell for her earlier book publisher, the forced treasure Shepherd Henderson and her crazy family and his circle, including Sheps confused fiancé, the hated Merle Kittredge, against their chances with Shep Gillian. There was even Pyewacket, a Siamese cat who was familiar with timely miaows, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witches expert with cruel arrogance and bad manners. In a nutshell, maybe his producer thought it was box-office magic. And so it was. So many things were in line with their production, they had only one element that was not perfect. but I found the rest amusing, charming and very consistently entertaining. Initially, the screenplay by Daniel Taradash retained the finest qualities of the fine play, but opened its scenes for Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with cinematography by the legendary James Wong Howe, a fine score by George Duning, more than clever sets of Louis Diage and dresses by Jean Louis. In the attractive occupation Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule were as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillias mischievous brother, the wonderful Comediennes Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as witches colleagues and the lovely Kim Novak in one of her most touching roles Gillian Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; He was good with the comedic parts of his part, but as a New York book publisher he could never convince, and for Henderson he was a bit too old. The director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, tempo changes and unusually composed shots to draw attention to the strangeness of the witches parts of the film, the other parts were very bright, but were straightforward in their presentation. The main crisis of the plot in the movie occurs when Gillian indeed falls on Henderson, who does not believe in witches. She just wanted to alienate him from his fiancee, her constant college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to leave, he comes to her again and again, noting that he's in a spell, as she apologetically tried to explain. Meanwhile Sidney Redlich was summoned to New York with a spell to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he does not know anything about magic at all, but is rather confused and interested in finding out why he even got anywhere; but Gillian's brother enlightens him. Everything comes to the end in this romantic satire when Gillian proves her love of Henderson by losing her powers - what happens to the witches when they truly love a mortal. Of course, he never wanted to resist her anyway. The film has to win a sparkling dialogue, charm and a little "magic" in Fey charm of the witches and the agony that has to suffer Gillian in her battle with himself, and to the man she loves. A beautiful ending to this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes his amazing realism, though a fantasy, in my opinion, almost complete. Unforgettable beautiful.
