The play Bell, Book and Candle was a favorite piece of mature actresses who would pick up their supplies and take to the streets in the summer. A famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, Ginger Rogers insisted that her then-husband William Marshall, who was not an actor, tasted with her. Marshall wore a toupee and as he walked through a door his toupee caught on a nail and hung in the door as he entered the stage. <br /> <br /> The play has been successfully brought into a beautiful color movie with Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It is light entertainment about a normal-appearing witch family (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most experienced of them is the sultry, gently tuned Gillian, who would like to be normal. One night, with Stewart in her apartment, she captivates him with her Siamese cat Pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed on a charming set that replicates New York. The movie is a lot of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as Gillian's brother, a musician in the Warlock and Warlock-loaded Zodiac Club. He uses his powers to turn street lights on and off and occasionally to turn women on. Janice Rule is perfect as an ex-college rival to Gillian, now with Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great twist as an eccentric writing the definitive book on witches. Of course, Lanchester and Gingold are always wonderful, Lanchester Gillian's stupid aunt and Gingold as a kind of queen of witchcraft. Kim Novak goes well with Gillian and gives the character a witch-like analogue. She shows emotion when appropriate, and with that voice, her fabulous face, and her gorgeous wardrobe, she's undoubtedly magical. Stewart was in his last foray as a romantic lead with Novak as in Vertigo at the top and they form an effective team. It provides the heat, it provides the cool and somehow together they spark. In this he is of course much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A charming movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, around Christmas (since this part is at Christmas time) and great if you want to smile.
