Every now and then you come across a film that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions that leave you exhausted. Vivah is that? maybe more. After seeing DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood has reached its peak and will never do anything similar - EVER. Boy, I was wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to pick up this movie along with the new "DON" (just so I can compare The Great AB to ShahRukh, although the decision is already made in my head). After debating whether to waste nearly three hours on a pointless movie, I decided to watch the movie and realized I had nothing else to do. When I saw the rating "U" instead of "A" I was glad that at least I do not have to be present that lightly dressed women with bad acting skills do nothing but dance on every occasion they get, and with everyone hang out man to show that they have more skills in bed than a Hollywood B actress. For the first 5 minutes, I thought I would be exposed to a meaningless story with bad actors again. After all, anyone who saw Shahid Kapor knows that he has never become so famous as a famous actor. Boy? I was wrong in this movie. This movie caught my interest for the first 5 minutes and would never let him go. It was a great movie with a good story about the vanishing traditions of our society. Not only did I like the director's courageous enough to shoot a film in which the younger generation may not be referring to the concept of arranged marriage, but also that he did it with a conviction (that's the right one) , I have no idea why some people think that acting was not good. I felt the drama was great and although the music could not be considered the best, it was still very good. The good thing is that over time this music grows on people just as it did after watching the movie a second time. The other good thing is that your songs are not pushed into the script, as we've all seen in so many movies. These songs tell a lot of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan turned from a joke into a great actor (after Company), and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; This film will help Shahid Kappor become one of the better actors and entertainers in Bollywood. This is his first movie where I like him and his role. He behaved well and set himself to be the beautiful, good-looking young kid. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and playing every point in a dunk, as you have seen ShahRukh in DDLJ (though he is shown as an Indian in England, by the way, both countries are not particularly big on basketball), but he does come as credible as a person who respects his values. Amrita Rao appeared for the first time as someone to remember. In all her other films, she competed with big faces, which actually hindered her. No one knew how good she was as an actress before watching this movie. Some of the scenes in which she has to cry especially towards the end really show her knowledge and her depth of action. Although she has been involved in other films, she is most memorable in this film. I think this movie is and should do wonders for them. Are you moving over Rani? Finally, there is another girl who, if there is a good chance to work with good directors, can take the torch from you. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that radiates total innocence. Oh, almost 0% body fat does not hurt either (yes, people I demand find even 0.1% fat on her and unlike so many others like Sonali she can actually act). I thought, after Madhuri and the early Kajol, I'll never be in love with anyone's beauty, but that's completely changed her. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship matched their characters. Both did a great job (although I had been waiting for Shahid to turn into a girl, as Salman did every time he pronounced "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished the film, I was so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch this movie again (immediately). Yes immediately. I have never done that. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had something that needed to be understood over and over again. I'll probably see this movie a third time over the weekend, just to see the traditions we all grew up with. I miss those times when families sat down and had fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know that many people think that the movie is not the real life, but deep down we do not want that to happen. The families, the tradition, the love and the respect. This movie will remind us. I can assure you that it is an extremely well made movie that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you'll be one of them.
