An absolutely brilliant movie! Jiri Trnka, the puppet animation master, confronts totalitarianism in his latest film. It was banned by the Communist Czechoslovak government (at that time), although it received the country's highest animation prize. In this dark and entertaining short film, an artist tries to create a new pot for his darling plant. He makes his creations happily and dreams that his plant will become a beautiful rose. Suddenly he knocks on the door here, and in this huge, almighty hand, which wants to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists as much as he can, but eventually he is overwhelmed by the constant attempts of the hand to compel him to adapt. He is brainwashed. an intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand puts cords on the artist, puts them in a cage and makes hand statues. Meanwhile, they glorify the artist's work and award him medals and honors. <br /> <br /> The artist's inner desire to express himself freely helps him overcome his indoctrination and flee his prison. Be it literally or in thought and return home, where he must now live in constant fear of the wrath of the almighty hand. He locks himself in and believes he is beyond the reach of the almighty hand, but he raises his plant and his jar and hopes it is out of reach of the hand, and it falls on his head. Killing him The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear he had to live with after escaping the threads of his hand. Once dead, the hand paints the artist as a great man, as a national hero. Unfortunately not in the circumstances or for reasons that the artist would like to remember. <br /> <br /> Trnka's condemnation of totalitarian society, and her lack of freedom of expression is dark, harmful and surprisingly animated. It is no wonder that the government has banned it, as this is the kind of media people admire and may even hear. That was obviously not acceptable. An amazing example of an artist's civil disobedience and its effects. And still relevant today to many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. A must and definitely 10 out of 10! Speak out with a bang!
