At first, I did not like the movie because it was a Nazi swastika drama. But after I bought and saw him, he was not so bad. I have heard so many complaints that the number is too short and Ilse Werner does not sing. Now I understand. The radio show was a super-propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara as well as Rudy Shruki and a band like Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera could never be seen on the radio show as the singers and the bands belonged to the categories Pop-Jazz and Swing. The Club Foot had arranged that for the crew of occupation areas for soldiers up to shortwave radios for the soldiers also nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg were record-breaking. Therefore Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. This would consist of the musical budget "Were making music" (1942), in which she would demonstrate her whistling. But this is excellent propaganda. Inge and her Aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the 1936 Olympic Games. The aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge has to wait for her aunt to come back with the tickets. She meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She walks with him and it's love at first sight. They plan to marry, but the Spanish war is in the way, so he has to place an order against the right side. Carl Raddatz, with so many people complaining about him, was really pretty and not easy. When he did sacrifice and they put on a mustache plus his own tan, he looked quite normal. You see the Nazi soldiers behaving normally, like a scene where a former butcher and his troops are in France stealing pigs from a farm and they are about to have lunch until their leader suggests the pigs to rescue. This reflects Adolf's animal rights extremism. The character was now a butcher's soldier. This was a subtle rejection of eating meat. At the latest in the 11th World War Herbert flies in a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots for Herbert to take control. We shoot his plane. They crash. Unfortunately, they survive us. Another has seen the Nazi soldiers go into a Catholic bomb church, now the Catholics are being crushed, and Hubert's best friend Helm, played by Joachim Brennecke, is beginning to play the organ, Beethtoven. More bombs are coming from us. The church is more of a bomb, the soldier stays and plays the organ he should leave. We hurt him in the end. Propaganda message? The catholic church organ makes him addicted. She hurt him. See? At that time, Inge is either with her mother or her grandmother, played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German grand-actress who played Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut. Well, later comes the short view on the radio show. It was not intended that this should be a musical revue, as Kora Terry appeared in the same year as well as Rosen in Tirol. So the music as well as its side of the war should only be the background. It was mainly a war romantic movie. It's easy to put a pot on these soldiers in the movie, but in real life many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the cause of the job, and the monthly pay they would receive. After the war many survivors would regret it. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have neo-Nazis and Nazi skin heads who have seen the same films to reflect their Hitler worship and worship. They have disturbing websites that use these movie classics to raise money for their madness. Be careful, if you only hate classics. If your scenario looks like it's glorifying it, it's a Nazi website. Skip. Go to IHF or German war films Dotcom, Amazon Dot Dee or German Video Dot Net. They are legitimate. 23.01.2010 Mada a mistake, it was not Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. It was the friend of Malte Yager, Schartzscop.
