Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both of whom are the main characters in their own respective bands. Anton with The Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. The interesting thing about their friendship is that they are rivals; It's a love-hate relationship. Sometimes you both hear that they praise each other, but the next moment they complain about how stupid and selfish they are. While the Dandy Warhols achieved commercial success, BJM was still in the underground scene. and for a good reason. <br /> <br /> The focus of Dig! is more in the direction of Anton and the BJM, as they have much more substance. They are the worst working band. During the gigs they will fight and beat each other. Anton beats other members if he thinks they are not working properly. With the amount of drugs an alcohol consumed, the fight was always waiting to happen. You know how people go to motor racing just to see if there is a serious car accident. That's why people would go to their shows, for the fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. He always considers himself a musical messiah and wants to change the music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, it's amazing how many instruments he can play with so much skill. But his downside is that he can not escape the world he created. a prolific musician stuck drugs, alcohol, and depression in a black hole. On the other hand, the Dandy Warhols had their own problems. They had no great success with their first album and constantly struggled with their record label. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney is always sucked into the world by Anton. It's interesting that both Anton and Courtney had both what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented, though Anton did not want to say it, he needed the commercial success the dandies had to make his revolution. There's a lot of material in these two bands. In Dig! There is never a boring moment. It's always on the move as there's no time to slow down as it has too much to say. Seven years of storytelling in the 1h 45 minutes is a hard work. Ondi Timoner has done a great job putting together one of the best music documentaries that makes you want more and more. Even if you do not like the bands, it's still worth a visit. It transcends the music and reveals a great story of successful failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
