Excellent documentary, allegedly about the friendship and subsequent rivalry between two Rock'n'Roll bands on the West Coast: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. It turns out to be a portrait of a border psychotherapist - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, there is hardly any music for a music documentary. What is there - pieces of songs that are often not broken off by the performers - are more random than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music, but about a particularly American version of a British myth of a cartoon lifestyle, one in which no one has the responsibility to behave like a spoiled teenager on a full-time basis. Tantrums, drugs, violence, grossly disturbed attitudes, epicomania on a truly epic scale - all this is excused or positively encouraged because it is a collective idea of ​​what rock'n'roll is all about. As a film, this is a first-rate documentary that raises more questions than answers. Why is Anton's music so conservative, for example? For someone so wild and outrageous (and he is wild and outrageous), his music never seems to have gone beyond the most obvious derivations of his' 60s idols (The Stones, Velvets, etc.). For someone who claims to play 80 instruments, they have never bothered to learn how to play one of them beyond the rudimentary level. Similarly, Dandy Warhol's burning ambition is based on a vision of rock'n'roll that was astonishingly petrified in 1969. Of course, Pastiches is nothing wrong, but in musical life, there is certainly more to it than playing a cartoon from the late 60s. Why do not you take any risk with your music - just as your role models did? One suspects that it is not about music. Music is just a tool, a prop or an excuse to lead a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhol, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and become famous. Big thing. Anton Newcombs case is more interesting. He's obviously very talented, but every time he gets the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it in the most dramatic way possible. He is afraid of success and at the same time rejects everyone else who has him - especially his former friends, the Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Highly recommended.
