A documentary about two rock bands spanning several years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols. The special thing is the investigation of the complex contradictions and the ironies of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, the captain of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is not only recognized by his musical genius colleagues, his friends and rivals Dandy Warhol, but also by record producers and most of the people who have worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his bandmates are also unable to integrate into the real world. Newcombe fights with band members on stage or with spectators (they will eventually be arrested because they are literally kicked in the head of a fan). Newcombe knows no boundaries? He plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all of BJM's music, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in a single day, has a prophetic obsession with his own musical genius, but is also a strong drug user , At the slightest compromise of his own artistic integrity, he rages in anger, arranging his band members as if they were lower lifeforms, and can suppress business as quickly as he does. BJM go through a large number of record labels in quick succession? They log in as soon as they recognize the talent of Newcombe and release them as soon as they realize that they are completely uncontrollable. The Warhols acknowledge their guilt in the creativity of Newcombe and do not even put into the world the same sublime sphere of greatness? but the Warhols have something that BJM does not have? the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world and their marketplace? As a mix pot of talent (though much of it is distilled by guru newcombe) and accessibility, they are the definition of "cool." Dig! follows the parallel careers of both bands with increasing intensity. At one point, Newcombe draws stunts that are supposed to generate publicity by sending obvious death threats and hate messages to the Warhols (in a box of live ammunition and insults like a bar of soap to cleanse their act)? Only he forgets to tell them that it's a stunt and they become so paranoid that they issue a restraining order against Newcombe. As the Dandy Warhols with hits like "Every day should be a holiday" and "Bohemian Like You" stand out in Europe, Newcombe is increasingly isolated. BJM are stopped and the band breaks off when they are arrested for marijuana possession? The Warhols are given up around the same time for drugs, released with a warning and even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> The greater attraction of DiG! is that the teachings of genius and accessibility go well beyond two bands or even rock music. The downside is that it's still a documentary, even if it's so intimate, and most of the time it will only appeal to dedicated movie fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the featured bands. Newcombe may well be a largely unrecognized genius, and there's a small sense of it in the film, but there's little more to the uncoordinated ear than the interviewee's allegations. In the words of one of the band members: "In every spiritual tradition, one burns in hell because he pretends to be God and can not support it." Newcombe is not doing that? But numerically, there may still not be enough people to appreciate him in his own life, and DiG! has a tough fight to correct the balance in favor of a tortured, but largely unrecognized genius.
