I saw this movie with my entire Nine family. Since my younger brother recently got married, we were able to connect with the bustle. The film is characterized by the classic note given to the romance of the engaged couple. Luckily, this time all the Indian locations, such as Ranikhet Almora, etc., were used, which were already visited by most city dwellers, which reinforces the connection to the film. The dialogues are much better than those in the "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a supposedly dialogue-based film. The background music reinforces the "soft-focus" of the film. It somehow reminds me of VV Chopra's "Kareeb", in which Neha and to some extent Bobby fully lived up to the character. Right here, the lead couple is not disappointed in any departmental look or acting. The supporting cast are too good. I appreciate the actress who plays the role of Bhabhi in the first division. The situations in which family interactions are presented are real and you smile when you are in place of a character. Songs matched the scenes and went well with the movie. Although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work from films to Ramayana, I have greatly missed Ram Laxman. <br /> <br /> It had no double intentions (category Sivan), no bikinis, no intrigues and no nonsense. You would watch the movie comfortably with your parents, unless you are already there or will soon be busy. Let me be very frank in saying that although Suraj suggests that marriages exist between families and not just individuals, his approach is completely individualistic. The movie is only about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are random. Art that imitates life? The "peripheral characters" are in the background and the only protagonists are the main pair. <br /> <br /> Come back, everything was almost great. Except for the drama. The situation of the tragedy was created artificially. The result, the sacrifice and the subsequent change in the heart are not at all compelling. Therefore he lacks the emotional impact - the real purpose of this turn of events. However, it took a twist in the story to transcend the film from a beautiful premarital video into a "feature film." But I always waited for the beat and it never came. The sermon by Mohnish Bahal and later by Alok Nath on the dowry was out of place and made things overboard. This may result in the movie getting a tax-exempt status. But the plot could have been made more interesting and nonlinear than what she was. <br /> <br /> When the movie ended, I had too many questions: 1 Did the movie really end? 2 Is the movie finished?
