Imagine the plight of painter Richard, whose true passion is flying. When we meet him for the first time, you see him on a building in London carrying his homemade wings. At the height of his despair, he tore his canvases and other works and designed an aircraft for his jump. If he gets into the police patrol machine, he does not suffer any scratches, but he ends up in front of a judge who instructs him to do community service. Richard, whose relationship with Anne appears to have ended badly, decides to move to a rural area where he finds a place in the country with a large barn with which he plans to build his own plane. Richard ends up trying to reluctantly help Jane Harchard. She is a young woman who belongs to A.L.S. or Lou Gehrig's disease, and is limited to a motorized wheelchair. Jane is extremely intelligent, but has a dark side and a salty vocabulary. She sometimes speaks with a handheld device because her language is not clear. Jane loves to lose her virginity at any cost. Jane and Richard meet when they meet, but mutual tolerance quickly makes them trust each other. Jane, who watches porn on her computer, has the idea of ​​finding someone like Richard Gere in "American Gigolo," who will have sex with her for a fee, and when Richard brings her to London they find the right man for her His fee is exorbitant, but they agree, because they have no money, Richard decides to rob a large bank, but unfortunately things are not going according to plan when Jane realizes that she does not go through what she wanted In the end, Richard drives with Jane in his roughly built plane for the thrill of her life, something that brings her closer as they find an affinity for each other.Peter Greengrass performed this whimsical drama film that represents an unusual situation.Jane is unambiguous not the romantic heroine in mainstream films, yet she has such a sweet aura that it's hard not to feel her and what she's trying to achieve. "Mr. Greengrass shows an affinity from Richa Hawkins' material he wrote for the film. The film does not try to be cute or give a rosy picture of a young woman suffering from an incurable disease. Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the movie. She is making a wonderful Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem to be particularly well suited for this kind of comedy. Somehow he has problems with his interpretation of Richard. Gemma Jones has some good moments when Anne, Richard's earlier love. <br /> <br /> "The Theory of Flight" shows a good director. Without a doubt, Peter Greengrass will resort to bigger and better things.
