<br /> <br /> I'm sure things in the real life of Homer Hickam were not exactly like in the movie version of Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky" (an anagram of the book) is good enough to stand alone. I did not read Hickam's memoir, but I still enjoy and understand her film adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, chronicles the story of teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which begins in October 1957. It begins with the sound of a radio program broadcasting news about the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see images of a blue-gray city and its inhabitants: mostly miners working for the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners hears the news of a handheld radio as he enters the elevator shaft. However, the signal is lost as it disappears into the darkness and loses sight of the starry sky above it. A melancholy violin melody fades with this image. We then get a push of Elvis on a car radio while the words on the screen inform about the setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his buddies Roy Lee Cook and Sherman O'Dell talk about football tryouts. Football scholarships are the only way out of the city for these boys and work in the mines. "Why are the jocks the only ones who can go to college?" Homer asks. Roy Lee replies, "They're the only ones the girls get." Homer does not make it like his older brother in football, so he's destined for the mines and follows in the footsteps of his father as my foreman. Until he sees the point of light over the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a catastrophic attempt with a primitive rocket and his mother's fence (Natalie Canerday), Homer brings in the help of nerdy Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer answers quickly: "Everything." His teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern), supports Homer very much. The four boys are working on the construction of rockets in the basement of Homer. His father, whose life is the mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time with rockets, but that the coal mines are everything. The coal from the mines is used for steel production, and without steel the land would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his dad is one of the most poignant relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​attending the local Science Fair, with the chance to go to the Nationals and win a scholarship from the University. "You can not just dream out of Coalwood," she tells Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams by constantly working on the rockets and improving the models with every attempt. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their resolve. "What are the chances that we will win this science fair," asks O'Dell Homer in one of her more desperate moments. "One million to one," replies Homer. "So good?" O'Dell replies, "Why did not you say that?" The music composed by Mark Isham conveys both sadness and hope, especially sad at a point where Homer descends into the mine shaft and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of leaving Coalwood. The rock'n'roll of the 50s, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally pushes the instrumental pieces aside to create a carefree mood that contrasts the lives of the teenagers with the miners' lives. The film, shot by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set and symbolize moods. The town of Coalwood, which was actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with shades of blue, grays and browns. It's as if the dirt from the coal would stick to everything - faces, clothes, houses and streets. When a couple stops in a shiny red convertible to ask for the boys' instructions, it's obvious that they're from the world outside of Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The missile design Miss Riley Homer gives is red. Opposite the blue-gray world of Coalwood, the red symbolizes "disembarking," but it's still subtle. The reds are fleeting hints of a world Homer only dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses Homer Hickam with so much zeal, hope and perseverance that it's hard to believe he's not the real Homer we see in the actual films at the end of the movie. Chris Cooper is also extremely credible as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize or simply does not want to admit that the mine is not producing enough to keep the city alive. Homer and anyone who encourages him in his rocket building knows that the city is dying. With the collapse of the community they only stay together when they gather for demonstrations of the rocket boys. I'm sure that things did not happen exactly as the movie portrayed them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "October Sky" has just enough of it to make it a great movie and enough rudeness to keep it real.
