October Sky is a highly acclaimed movie and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are gripping, the actors and actresses do pretty good jobs, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants and it's a true story. Honestly, I think the director's performance is not comparable to the sparks and warmth that the original story produced. We do not see any particular narrative or cinematography; The power of the film depends a lot on the exciting plot and the difficult situation of the young hero, in which the audience usually identifies with the characters. We feel that Homer desires to earn his father's recognition and shape his own future, and his resilience wins our respect. "Sky Sky" reminds me of a later Japanese production of mini-series "Rocket Boy" (2001), which may have been inspired by this film. In fact, these two works, taken from two different cultures, offer an interesting comparison. When October Sky kindles a story of a young man shouting to claim his right over his own destiny, "Rocket Boy" offers a more compromised description that could sometimes be a sharp criticism of modern society. In the lead role of outstanding actor Yuji Oda, BoySocket Boy focusses on three men as common as they are: a travel agency that has the dream of becoming an astronaut, a boastful advertising agency just about to be run by its own man The inferiority complex resulted from the extreme success of his father and older brother (as Homer feels in his family) and a food business owner who wants to marry but is scared of the idea. The accumulated social consciousness superimposes its definition of success with its constituents and steps to force them to stifle their dreams by seeing them as impossible. To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works at the tour operator because it¡¯s called the ¡®b Galaxy. When his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength in the words of his father, who had decided to be a sailor, but later found life on the sea less attractive he had suspected. But I do not regret it. His father told Kobayashi that at least I tried. It is his father's confession that encourages him to quit his job and compete for astronauts despite the fact that he injures his legs and has to move in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts eventually fail and he goes back to the travel agency. But his monstrous courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more. Shortly before the end of the series, Kobayashi is deployed as the leader of a spacecamp to help children learn more about astronauts. After the tour is over, we see him leaning against a tree and unfolding a sheet of poster that he tears off the wall and says, "Astronauts Wanted for 2004". Kobayashi looks at the sheet of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a kid looking at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his fate and just does it. This series is so heartbreaking, not because the hero shows any heroic deeds, but his ordinariness and his inexorable urge to realize his dream. We wonder and envy ourselves. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream and do what they can, despite other people's opinions. I recommend other IMDB users to watch the Japanese TV series. If you are nine to five, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB has no data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan for help.
