In fact, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grew up in a coal city in West Virginia, where the usual fate of a boy was "to end up in the mines." But Homer had an eye on the sky and the love of flying rockets, the consternation of his foreman father and the consternation of the city dwellers in general. Undoubtedly a mistake. He and three of his equally outcast buddies are starting to build rockets that will take them off a stretch of barren land eight miles out of town to stop terrorizing the community with their often failed rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city's citizens, and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper), think they're wasting their time. However, people are fascinated and soon come out in droves to see the 'Rocketboys' firing their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could compete with college scholarships at the National Science Fair. Now the gang must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems they face while searching for the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a household name for his films like Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 & "October Sky". Surely he is above all other films. No doubt, "October Sky" is his best bet and obviously his best movie. Not only is it a true story that has been filmed extremely well, but as a film it has everything that is needed for a top cinema. In addition to Johnston's exceptional leadership, there are some exceptional achievements. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this movie was released, and he gives a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father also does a very good job. The same goes for Laura Dern and she looks beautiful, too. The rest of the performances are also very good. The background note was good. Inspirational movie that raises your mind to the sky. One of those films that definitely inspires you for your entire life. An amazingly inspiring movie with a lot of entertainment. Not to miss.
