A simple and effective film about what makes life and responds to challenges. Homer and his friends needed a lot of greed to be able to get into the situation without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that would lead from father to son to be a miner in the local mine and never get out of this fate. It also required three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first man-made artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, of a Soviet satellite, a milestone in the history of mankind, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, was a must. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and design a rocket from scratch, or better, from what they could collect in books and in their minds. After all, the challenge of a world that refuses and rejects and tries to force you back into the pack, even with an untimely coincidence that forces you to rejoin the pack out of necessity, and even then Homer proved that he did had the courage to accept the challenge that for a while blocked his own plans and dreams. But there is another side to the story that the movie does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he is also the bearer of inspiration that he and his friends need. If he is the one who will receive the university scholarship because his friends have given him priority, his friends can also walk on their own roads and paths and step out of mining fate, thanks to the energy of his inspiring example sets before their eyes. Sometimes it's hard to follow the example of a person who is like a beacon on a difficult road. The film also shows how the father opposed this dream, because for him science was not the stuff of a true man, such as mining or football. The fate of the working class, which was so present in the 1950s and 1960s and still exists in some areas, is too often forced by the father's traditional thinking. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class of which I speak becomes a huge trap. Again, the movie is effective and should encourage some parents to think. This could have been the fourth challenge Homer faced: the challenge of taking a path that was not suggested and programmed by his own father. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
