I had lost confidence in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon. One year ago, I saw promos for Vivah that looked good. But I did not want to see my hard-earned money in the cinema. When the movie first appeared on DVD, I rented and watched it. I loved the movie and took back my words for Sooraj. I just finished it yesterday and this time I thought I would have to review this movie again. Sooraj R. Barjatya Got it right, okay, I was not a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I've always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after mania Pyar kiya for me, I think Vivah is Barjatya's best work. I hardly cry in a movie, but in this movie I feel like crying. If you have ever fallen in love, there will be many moments that you will touch in this movie. The movie is just too cute and you will fall in love with it, my look is a much underrated movie. <br /> <The story of this movie could be described as Desi and very old times, but for me it seemed modern because the two couples getting a married marriage know it's an old tradition. It's done at the present time, many people do not believe in this arranged marriage, but I do. The journey between engagement and wedding will always be something special and this movie shows it clearly. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show him what it's like and that's the reality. My parents said that they got married like that and showed it in a way that is so real, yes the people, like Prem and Poonam meet in this movie. So most marriages happen. It was very cute, you feel nervous and excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows that very well. Back to history, yes, it's a journey you'll soon be stuck between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and their families. A twist occurs in this movie, which is really good, the last 30 minutes you will all reach for the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall in love with each other is too sweet. Simple Boy and Simple Girl when they meet for the first time during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe". It is very cute to look at. She hardly says anything and Prem honestly talks to her about his past and the girl he and he liked smoking. Then it leads to a family outing, and then they really fall into each other. They just want to watch the couple and see all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi is really mean to her, and I'm sorry for Poonam because she was treated badly and you feel like seeing her happy, and when she finally finds happiness, you feel happy too Falling in love with Poonam more than just Prem. If she finds happiness through Prem, she should stay happy and hope that nothing goes wrong, because the character is portrayed as a cute, simple girl. What makes me perform and Amrita Roa as Poonam is amazing in the movie, her best work to date, will make you fall in love with this innocent character and seek her happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is also amazing, he's Poonam's support in the movie, he's lucky in the movie, together they share an amazing chemistry and I've never seen a cuter couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk has not touched you to tell you how cute they are together, this will certainly be the case. "Mujhe Haq hai" the song and before that the chemistry that they show is amazing. Scenes that touched me were when Prem brings Poonam to his room and shows her where they are going to be, and he opens them and they have a moment between them that is too sweet. If you have ever fallen in love with someone with whom these scenes can defiantly connect. The movie is just the cutest thing you'll ever see. <br /> <br /> The direction is just right, for me a good movie is basically something that can get me to stop believing what's being seen for these hours. Here's a fake and a camera stores them. For me, this film pulled me in and for those three hours I really felt connected to the film. The songs that you will really like only after watching the movie, as they are songs in the situation after watching the movie. I played the songs without interruption. The music is amazing, the story is just amazing, what more can I ask for? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, rarely do we get a movie we feel good in, this movie after you do it. Once you've seen it, you feel really good and want that You become a better person. It's basically the sweetest journey ever, it basically shows that it's a journey between engagement and marriage, and many people say it's the best part of your life? Well, this movie actually shows you how people say that? Why do people actually say that the journey is so amazing! Watch this movie and find out why the trip is so fantastic!
