When I saw the commercials for this movie, I was pretty sure I'd detest him. For one thing, it was one of those "loosely novel-based" movies, which usually means that the author saw, hated, and refused to be associated with the film. Worse, the trailer showed only the most common slapstick that you can imagine (eg: child is sprayed in the face with a garden hose ... and falls over). When my little brother remembered that this was the "must do" movie of the season (of course he was thinking the same thing about "cars", "over the hedge", "the ant bully", "monster") house "etc etc etc) Although I was less than enthusiastic. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the film convinced me for a variety of reasons, first and foremost the authors capture "Children's Dialogue" better than any other children's film I've ever seen. A good example of this is right after the boy's boss inadvertently ate a worm in an egg omelette.The boys make a lame, exaggerated impression of the boss teaching them what makes it realistic, since all the little kids (mistakenly) think They made big mocking remarks from their adult tormentors Then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say: 'Alley oop'?" Another boy replies, "Maybe he's crazy!" and the whole group laughs excitedly - not particularly funny reply but exactly what a young child had in place and the very kind of remark that other kids of his age found funny. As if to confirm, my little brother laughed immediately as they were spoken on the screen. I could practically hear that his voice radiated exactly the same lines when put into a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the movie works is that it manages to work on topics such as bullying, sibling relationships, the new kid at school, and peer pressure / conformity without any of them It looks like they are subplots for some after school. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotypical; He is definitely bad, but not totally angry, and just enough of his home shows that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his bullying origins. Nor is there a "Cue the dramatic music" moment in which Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes what a complete tool he is for his younger brother, Woody, and yet, at the end of the film, a sort of minor transformation was made. There is some realism in the way the characters solve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very little of them are crazy. <br /> <br /> The film's only drawback is the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonalds dance party in "Mac and Me" would mock. Why oh why was it added to the movie? Has Austin Rogers (Adam) pulled a Macaulay Culkin and refused to take the role unless he was given a vehicle to showcase his oh so impressive dance skills? The entire sequence definitely did not have to be there and had a slightly lower comedy score than any show on "The History Channel". Overall, though, this movie was excellent and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best, most realistic live action children's films you'll ever see, if you're ever with kids or just remembering what it's like to be a kid.
