I have never seen such a movie. I was on the edge of my seat, laughing all the time throughout the movie. I never thought there would be such a horrible drama, it's just too funny. The story behind the movie is decent, but they can not portray the movie scenes. I've never seen such a stupid movie in my life, which is why I think it's worth seeing. I give this movie 10 out of 10 because it is the most miserable movie ever made. The film only seems to serve as rubbish. I mean, the scenes are so unreal and the actors seem like "the camera is in front of them". You'll get a kick if you just look how lame this movie is. Me and my friend could not stop joking during the movie. The Darthvader guy trying to get the girl was run over not twice, but twice, and the second time he was run over, it sounded like he'd said sh; # although he does not speak english lol. If you watch this movie, you will think that all the other films that you did not take for granted are much better. This film should be seen out of curiosity and also what kind of movie DEFINES has paralyzed. The evil serpent met the girl so often that it was ridiculous. The evil serpent roared and roared, letting them get away every time. The evil serpent had so many chances, it was as if God said, hurry and eat the girl, how many wonders you want. The transition between the scenes makes you wonder if I missed something? So many action holes from scene to scene. I laughed like crazy when they decided to escape "Escape To Mexico" to escape the snake. Hmmmm hopping the border save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I think the border jump solves all problems. Another scene that stunned me completely. They met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach that they kissed and did not even know each other ... The scene was so clichéd and that was at least in others Do not film substance It may seem logical after a while, but I think they were JUST MET, even if they are reincarnations. The feelings were as if they were instantly loving rather than evolving. Anyway, this movie is worth it to open your eyes and see the light. Poor Hollywood movies, by comparison, will seem heavenly. In the end, it's worth watching that you do not get bored, that you have to criticize every moment and every scene in your head.
