When we talk about Hollywood Hotel, we could talk about one of three things, the actual hotel, the radio program, and this movie, which was partly inspired by the first two. Dick Powell hosted the Hollywood Hotel program on the CBS radio network, where Louella Parsons distributed the weekly Scoop stars to the stars. <br /> <br /> Powell and Parsons debuted in 1934 at the Hollywood Hotel, so in 1937 its fair share of the radio audience. Powell moderated, sang and chatted with Louella and her movie star guests. With the power she had with her column, she was able to get the various stars to cram her latest films for nothing. <br /> <br /> Then the American Association of Radio Artists came in and told them to pay pay accordingly and they won the case. This ended the Hollywood Hotel Program in 1938. Of course, Powell and Louella also went to other radio stations. The whole story is contained in the Tony Thomas book "The Films of Dick Powell." <br /> <br /> But before the plug was pulled, this movie was released from Powell's Warner Brothers home studio, which was inspired by the radio show. Powell plays a singer / saxophonist with the Benny Goodman band, which signs a Hollywood contract. When he disembarks to Hollywood, he gets involved with a selfish movie star Lola Lane, her looking doppelganger Rosemary Lane and a ham actor in Alan Mowbray. When Mowbray Is Called To sing in a civil war epic he produces with Lola Lane, they use Powell's voice. Then Mowbray develops a Lina Lamont problem when he is asked to participate in the radio programs of the Hollywood hotel, which is broadcast by the Hollywood Hotel. The studio is having a bit of fun. Suppose the problem is not solved like Singing In The Rain, but Powell's manager Ted Healy proves to be resourceful. <br /> <br /> Richard Whiting and Johnny Mercer give the film a really good score. The big hit comes right at the beginning, as the Benny Goodman band with John John Davis Davis sings the hymn of Hollywood, Hooray for Hollywood. My favorite is Powell and Rosemary Lane sing, I'm like a fish out of the water. You just listen to Johnny Mercer's lyrics about Ginger Rogers, which the Brooklyn Dodgers or Sally Rand operate without their fan, and is a compendium of American popular culture in the 1930s. Busby Berkeley does the choreography here and while the movie is playing He has not been the raging imaginary of his previous work with Warner Brothers, the numbers are well staged. Berkeley's big moment is in a drive-in movie theater where Powell and Healy were forced to accept jobs. The number starts with Benny transferring Goodman from the Hollywood Hotel and making Let That Be A Lesson to you, and then at Drive-in Powell, Lane, and the whole place, starting to get together in a song with the annoyance of owner Edgar Kennedy , And you know what to expect from Edgar Kennedy's annoyance. Benny Goodman can show why he was named King Of Swing, as the band with his drummer Gene Krupa and xylophone player Lionel Hampton as part of his ensemble. That along with Frances Langford sings too. And the group's last surviving cast member was possibly a guy who had a bit of a radio host. He died in 2004, but not until he became the 40th President of the United States. Ronald Reagan has always referred to Dick Powell and Pat O'Brien as the two guys from Warner Brothers who were most helpful to a young player who wants to make a name for himself. <br /> <br /> The Hollywood Hotel is very enjoyable and entertaining movie, dated but enchanting.
