"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about someone who has won a contest, including an assignment to shoot Hollywood movies just to find the road to fame either paved with pitfalls or does not exist. As I watched Turner Classic Movies tonight, I wondered if the writers of the later classic "Singing In The Rain" might have picked up on some of their ideas from the Hollywood Hotel, especially a spirited actress in a movie studio and a conclusion in relation to a person who sings a film music while another person received the recognition through a mouth on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of filming the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, who plays herself (and despite some negative comments I've seen, she has a very engaging personality on screen and a natural mastery of her lines). She is not the only real person in the screenplay. Make-up specialist Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to make one character look like another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of the young Ronald Reagan, who played a movie premiere to a radio interviewer. Reagan actually does quite well in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no one Dick Powell will pick up the microphone if it's to be used with more important people. Dick Powell has won a Hollywood contract in a competition and is leaving his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. By the way, the beginning of this movie is pretty impressive as the band drives past in a truck parade to say goodbye to Powell. At the end they sing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyric was omitted on purpose. All of Johnny Mercer's lyrics contain references to Hollywood, such as make-up King Max Factor, Rinn tin can and even a hint of Tarzan. But the original lyrics referred to looking like Tyrone Power. Apparently, Jack Warner and his brothers did not promote the 20th Century Fox leader, and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any case, the number showed the best of the singers and instrumentalists of the Goodman Orchestra. This was also done by a later five-minute section of the film in which the band is currently rehearsing. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood just to find out he is a contract player (most likely for musicals with saxophonists). He is met by Allen Joslyn, the publisher of the studio (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad guy, but he's busy and tends to shake people off when it's not necessary to talk to them. He parks Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, which also features the spirited star of the studio (Lola Lane) with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd), and her sensible, if cynical, assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", except that her speaking voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is an "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, scene that steals several times with ease). The only difference is that Mowbray was not a nice guy like Gene Kelly and Lane (if he's not wrapped up in her ego) is fully aware of that. Having had the opportunity to be circumvented for an unusual role she wanted, she refuses to attend the premiere of her latest film. Joslyn finds a double for her (Lola's real sister Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is ready to play the star at the premiere and the follow-up party. But she visits Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This causes Powell Mowbray to break down if it damages itself. But otherwise, the evening is a success, and when the two are together, they start to look attractive. <br /> <br /> The complications involve Lola, who comes back and slaps Powell in the face after Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his gangster runners"). Powell's contract is being bought. When working with the photographer who became agent Ted Healey (actually not so bad in this film - he even tries to make a Jolson imitation at some point), they try to find work and land as employees Hamburger Stand, run by the ill-tempered Edgar Kennedy (The number of broken dishes and the singing customers in the restaurant give Edgar enough time to do his slow burns with enthusiasm). Eventually, Powell gets a "break" by being hired to be Dupre's vocalist in a rip-off of "Gone With The Wind." This leads to the final section of the film as Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help give Powell his chance to show it's his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a pretty sweet and responsive movie even now. The worst aspects are due to the time. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer bearable (while attempting to photograph Powell on his arrival in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs a porter and mentions that Joslyn must be aware that Powell photos are too dark - get the point?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, which (too we say) is too high strung, is also not very bearable. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" attitude is a bit (too often), but it really became popular in 1937. And an incident in which Healey almost gets into a fight at the premiere (this was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, still puzzling, ending of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the film is pretty good and will not disappoint the audience in 2008.
