The film begins with a mentally retarded girl in bright yellow sneakers, who look up at a street corner of Madrid and are spellbound by a passing airplane. The film examines the lives of five women (Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita & Isabel) who have a completely different life and a different shoe choice. Her shoes are the first, superficial but fleeting, hints to her fragile identities. In a theatrically embroidered and beautified way, a podiatrist tries to discover esoterically the deepest secrets of the woman's soul at the sole of her foot. The premise is risky and easily thought out, but the tone and depth of the movie is daring for the better. <br /> <br /> What may have been light-hearted and superficial quickly changes gear with a superb dysfunctional couple scene that pinned the viewer for minutes, the love or absence of it, the pain, the confusion, the hope the needs and the escape mechanisms through minutes of different rooms of the house and on the street and finally underneath ... What a scene (!), But there will be others who are so effective that they follow the strong characterization and direction that is shown in this part of life. <br /> <br /> A woman has lost her husband, whom she loved, and inherited his children and his taxi, while another has lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, an upcoming divorce? Reproach, regret & remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live life, though there will always be something hopeless? But is not it precisely these hopes and dreams that keep us here in soil and in a spectrum of relative satisfaction? Many deep themes emerge and the final act brings people and ideas together to unite in an existential crisis with no clear solution, final decision or effective cure. Perhaps an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation of the life and the art and intellect of the film. Life. Again life. Unwind the roll. Reveal the real, the important; the big stones (piedras) of life. The rest are just details.
