Here several lines of action are interwoven around different female characters. The shoes they wear are an indication of their troubled life. All will be converted at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is lagging behind and has a limited life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a shoe designer who has problems and loses her boyfriend. Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) has lost her husband and is now raising the children of his deceased former wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a bored, rich lady. Other characters are used to connect the five main characters of the women. In storytelling, not everything is given away at the beginning: some connections are made surprisingly late in the movie and this increases the experience. The shoe theme is driven to extremes: when Leire, for example, works as a shoe designer in a shoe store where she steals her shoes, she breaks one of her heels are made between the scenes. A telephone rings, a cigarette lights, a song, etc. are used to make the connection and make quick cuts. Frequent changes to the plot prevent it from becoming boring or reaching TV levels. It's heavily music-driven to set the tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as background for the stories, and footage of these cities are used to extend the story beyond the characters. One of the more moving shots is when Anita, who takes the same walk every day, widened her gait and restricted her life from the relative calm of her street to the busy main street: how the spatial restriction is visually translated is good. As with most Spanish films, much narration is made visual, with the soap-like stories as background. There is a poetic ending that is a bit romantic and sentimental, but still beautiful. Since Ramón Salazar is too in love with his own material, he is too long. Some scenes are kitsch and soap level, including acting (Adela's love life, Isabel's doctor). The shoe theme is exaggerated and is a weak metaphor. <br /> <br /> This is often compared to Magnolia because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is technically competent, but somewhat mechanical. This has more the ability to visually translate emotions and atmosphere. After seeing this, you tend to move to the new film city of Madrid right away.
