I recently saw the movie because I have not seen it for years. When I saw the movie for the first time, I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I've seen it again, I could not believe what I've missed all these years. If I can see films the way they are, I think this movie was great. Most people think that the music is the best part, but I do not think that's right. Most people do not know how good the story is because it is judged by acting. The truth of the matter is that nobody in the movie really tried to act, but that they are just themselves. The whole cast just played by itself. They did not try to be someone else but themselves. <br /> <br /> I actually watched and analyzed the work and effort of the film. In my view, the situations shown in the film are pretty much dependent on what was actually musical in Minneapolis at the time, and it's most of the things that actually happen, and it's the true events that happen in Prince's career, and who can do better than him? The music that came out of the city at the time was slowly becoming recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential, especially in the First Avenue & 7th St Entry club, where Prince began her career alongside other musicians. It is also a known fact that Prince and Morris Day always competed in real life, but it was a friendly contest. They were always friends. So the story essentially depicts this competitive aspect of their rivalry and not their friendship, which shows the true competitive nature of what happened in the Club "First Avenue" for the time being. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is good is that some of the film-related situations are actually based on events that Prince experienced in his life with the musical aspect and the personal. For me, this made the movie more realistic, as he explained his problems and afflictions to the superstar. Moreover, his involvement in his performances is phenomenal. Prince made sure every moment of the movie was done perfectly. Every time you hear how a song is played in the movie, it perfectly matches the situation. Prince is a musical genius in every way, and he has proven it on many occasions. This movie has really put Prince on the map and since then he has not slowed down. Anyone who has seen this movie or (unbelievably) has not seen it has not seen it yet. If you sit down and watch this movie, you must watch it with intellect, otherwise you will miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely the movie you are watching. Above what others say, I think it's a great movie to watch and own.
