This is one of the best movies that have come from Bollywood for years. Certainly the best of this year so far. In the core Indian, the panorama pictures, the warm dialogues and the melodious and gentle music make the film an extraordinary one. The apt display of Native American values ​​and culture makes the viewer look for his roots in them and enlivens mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new life enjoying a call to their imagination and their philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to get on your nerves through action, sex, or terror, then this movie is not for you, because you'll find the movie is not full of 90-degree turns. It's just as easy a story for a movie as it gets. But this is exactly the art of the film. You get a real experience, and best of all, this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It's about the positive side of life, the sweet things that God has poured on people, as opposed to the regressive films that insist on showing dons, terrorists, and underworlds. It's not about things and people who have gone bad. It's about the goodness that still exists and keeps the world going. Of course, every genre of films is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to develop a film that floats against the current and tries to open the eyes of the public to the hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> With that said, there is more ... <br /> <br /> The film is a couple's journey from engagement to arranged marriage - yes, that's right, it is an arranged marriage and a couple get to know each other only through their parents and learn to love each other. The six-month gap between betrothal and marriage is a long time, not full of "tempting" events, but one that fosters the couple's growing love and devotion to one another. They learn together about the importance of their relationship and this inestimable time of their lives and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But have these been reinforced enough? Their relationship will not only be time, but also happiness. Do you pass this test? That's what Vivah is all about.
