Yesterday evening I have "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC mini-series from Charlotte Bronte's novel "Gothic Romance", which is rightly a classic of English literature, along with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke, as Jane Eyre, a poor, orphaned 18-year-old girl, governess of Mr. Rochester's estate, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" was one of my most popular books since I was an 11-year-old girl. My friend gave it to me by saying "This book is amazing" and that's how it was and I've read it dozens of times and I'm still not tired. Its beautiful language, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh, the dialogues and especially two main characters and the story of their impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted many times to TV and big screen, 18 according to IMDb. The equally famous and wonderful actors like Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton played the couple who had overcome hundreds of obstacles posed by society, laws, Religion, through the differences in age, background, experiences, and fateful mistakes that would haunt one another for years. Of all these films, I've just seen a 300-minute BBC version from 1983 that's close to the novel, where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark, brooding characters, not only played Edward Rochester brilliantly and classily, he was Mr. Rochester - sardonic, alive, the power of nature, powerful, passionate, sexy and tortured, Master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke also convinced as a sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane, who feels deeply and passionately with clear thinking and calm but firm willpower. <br /> <br /> Added on 17 September 2007: While the past two weeks I have watched five "Jane Eyre" movies and it has been a wonderful experience. In every adaptation of "Jane Eyre" there is something to admire, even though not all are completely successful. This version is still my favorite movie "Jane Eyre".
