Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned goblet for an actor, paid for the joy of a fleshy figure by competing with the fantasies of generations of readers. Not to mention the many other actors who have previously besieged the castle. Lucky for the fantasies, this version? with the beautifully occupied Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton? Head and shoulders are about versions that came afterwards. It's the right length to fully fulfill the story, and it takes considerable advantage of Bronte's cracking dialogue. None of the modern interferences, the cutting out of text and the addition of new and inferior scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions that arise between the central characters and the living conditions they create. Jane ?? "poor, simple and small" ?? She grows up with the charity of a cold aunt, whose nature and independence is marked by a long time in a very hard school. She arrives as a governess in Mr. Rochester's house, completely joyless and alone. She habitually suppresses herself from duty and hard experience, but her passionate nature soon finds her touch paper in her stern, astute, enigmatic Master, to whom she, as he is, is attracted by forces beyond her control. Rochester is the caged tiger who "paves the way for hell". potentially dangerous for anyone who comes into contact with him? but "penetrating, through a crack or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary liberties with a paid subordinate. But then Jane is not an ordinary employee, as he sees. But a dark secret and severe trials lie before both. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to see how Bronte's remarkable dialogue is spoken by such accomplished actors? In particular, Dalton seems to be trained on the Brontian scale for the passion. If you've just seen him as a not so memorable bond, you've missed what he does best. Those who say his Rochester is too beautiful miss the point of these dramatizations: his character just has too much time for a really ugly man to hold the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is just right, not always or always good-looking, but often flashy, eye-catching, as it should be. And Zelah Clarke Jane is not a wallflower; It conveys the feelings of a woman who habitually represses her sense of humor and her passionate way, making her rare outbursts more dramatic. <br /> <br /> Not too long ago, the BBC has demonstrated an outstanding dramatization of Jean Rhys' enlightened and disturbing ripening point for Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea," which features the first story of the first female Rochester. Look at it? You will never see the "hero" of "Jane Eyre" like this again.
