The BBC production of 1983 "Jane Eyre" with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) was and is always my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at another version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will look like a normal movie that you will forget the next day. But when you see this one, it's almost the same to read the book. I often looked at this miniseries when I was little and they inspired me to read the book. At that time I did not pay attention to how close this television production was to the book. Recently I looked at the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite Gypsy scene). Then I fell in love with This "Jane Eyre" even more because it contains all the important scenes of the book and tells only the whole story (not the other versions if you did not read the book). <br /> <br /> The 1983 cast of Jane Eyre is excellent. It's true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (pretty enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he's as great as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing that role , And Zelah Clarke is without a doubt the only Jane who follows the description of the book. The other thing that makes this movie so great is the clothes and make-up of the actors. Jane seems so modest and naive, just as Bronte describes her (though she does not look 18, but are you looking for that? ...) <br /> <br /> Some people say that this is "Jane Eyre" too long, but I'd rather spend all day watching different versions for two hours, some say the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough or there are not enough "kissing scenes." I hate it does not have to include "crazy, crazy-in-love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester, and both Zelah and Timothy express that love the way they do perfect that no more scenes are needed !! I'm 19 years old and many girls my age call this movie "boring and old fashioned" but I can only regret it because it does not compromise the purity and beauty Finally, the novel plays in the 19th century, and this old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and resembles the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will ever be another version of Jane Ayre that has the popularity and love of this version. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other films, the real Jane and Rochester (for me at least) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
