I recently watched this production on DVD. It's the first time I've seen it since it first aired in 1983, and it was as good as I remembered. At first it was disturbed that it looked old-fashioned and I suppose it's a bit dated and very wordy as the BBC's series were back then. (I miss these wonderful costume dramas that always seemed to be on Sunday afternoons). But other than that, it's as perfect as it could have been. I'm a bit of a "Jane Eyre" purist because it's my favorite book, and I've never seen another production that's true to the book like this one. I also read the book recently and some dialogues are just perfect. As I read the scene just before the end, when Rochester asked Jane what St. John looked like, I noticed that her words from Dalton and Clarke were reproduced exactly on the canvas and made perfect. <br /> <br /> All the other productions that have been made seem to be missing, some even omit the "Rivers" family and their connection to Jane. I also think that this is the only production where the "Gypsy" scene was recorded correctly. <br /> <br /> The casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane in the book "small plain and dark" described and I can not agree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a bit too good, but he's absolutely perfect as Rochester, who plays every aspect of his character just right and plays his socks! I agree with the other comment that at the time he even seems quite scary, as in the scene where he slowly turns around in the church when the wedding is interrupted. His expression is scary. But in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful to see Jane running into the back of the stairs after embracing her love for each other in the morning. A love that is wonderfully illustrated and absolutely believable. Oh, to be loved by such a man! There were, however, a few scenes that were strangely missing, such as Jane climbing into bed with the dying Helen, and even when Rochester buys Jane with her wedding clothes (I thought one was in it, but maybe I remember tricks). , <br /> <br /> If you never see another Jane Eyre production - you just see the most, it's just perfection!
