* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss this without revealing certain plot points, but I can not. Excuse me. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDb review of George C. Scott's movie when I stumbled upon the summary and reviews for this release. It had so many positive reviews that I decided to order it, though: (a) I thought while cutting and rushing, George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of Rochester's book to a T; and (b) as I looked at the DVD cover, I thought, "Is not Timothy Dalton too good looking?" The last concern was compounded by the fact that I had decided to reread the book while the DVD was in arrears. That is, the moment I started to see that, I was intrigued. At first it was disturbing to hear the 1840 dialogue written - with little or no modernization attempts - but Dalton and Clarke were so busy that I really enjoyed the fact that the adapters trusted the audience, the archaic To follow speech. Having so much of the book on screen was an added bonus. I know someone who does not look at versions of Jane Eyre because "who wants to see a movie about a man holding a poor, crazy woman in the attic?" Honestly, if someone who did not read the book stumbled for an hour and a half or two, they would think that this is pretty much the whole story - the secret of Rochester and his influence on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is actually Jane Eyre's whole life. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the casting. Dalton is too dashing; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is "in the moment" that I think he is Rochester. For me, the performance of Clarke is the goal. Jane Eyre is calm and guarded. If you remember the book, so much of the wild and passionate Jane appears during her private struggles. Some criticisms amaze me. Reviewers say Clarke is too short or not pretty enough. The book goes on and on about how small and simple Jane is. Ms. Clarke was not supposed to be tall and the filmmakers reduced her looks to make credible Jane's statements about her lack of beauty. She can hardly help if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between the terminals. What?!! The scene in which Jane finally comes out of her room after the wedding fun vibrates with passion, desire, grief and remorse - and that's just the first example that comes to my mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I've also missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the River's siblings. Some dialogues were strangely cut off. As Rochester explains, "Jane, you misunderstand me, I do not hate her because she is angry." I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained how he would love Jane if he went insane. It's a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it had been recorded. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester into the part of the story in which Jane is alone. It might have been done for the sake of clarity, but I found it staggering. I wanted the sly humor of the scene where Jane says that Rochester's zeal will cool and he'll be rude again, but he may gradually "like" her. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare misstep is blatant - when Rochester wept in the library, I saw him as an actor in a crying scene, not Rochester. If anyone has ever caught an episode of the 1960s show "Dark Shadows," you know what to expect - very stark and sometimes shaky-looking interiors. Others have commented in detail and just about the make-up job of Rochester Sports at the end. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is too abrupt. After all this fear and tension, I wanted a well-rounded ending. And on my DVD copy, it will be a bit much to have 25 to 30-minute episodes of credits at the beginning and end of all eleven. I am so glad that I have this movie and will see it again and again.
