Charlotte Brontë's classic novel "Jane Eyre" has many adaptations, and given the numerous reviews written about it, there is also a lively discussion about which of them is the best. All short-film adaptations suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to stuff the entire plot of the novel into a movie of about 100 minutes. Length, hence these films show only a few parts of the novel. The TV series has proven to be a more appropriate format for portraying all episodes of heroic life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini-TV series released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but also the worst of all adaptations by Jane Eyre and a striking example of a totally overrated film. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by bland and trivial, and crucial scenes are either deleted or replaced with scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. All this leads to the fact that the depicted characters not only have nothing in common with the Rochester and Jane of the novel and behave exactly as described in the book, but also that their behavior and their language absolutely do not match the behavior of the time in which the Novel plays. It's a silly soap opera in which the actors look and act as if they were accidentally put into the costumes of the 1850s. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dare to call herself) is indeed a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very faithful to the novel in the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are rendered almost in full length. But what works wonderfully in the novel does not necessarily have to be beautiful on screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and too complicated to be spoken on the screen, and Janes 'voice-overs' constant interruptions in the dialogues give the impression of artificiality and rigidity. And despite the fidelity to the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's portrayal of Jane as a bold, self-confident, secular young woman is totally at odds with the literary model, and while Michael Jayston is a good actor, he has neither the physical presence nor the charisma he must play Rochester. Although it is a decent adaptation, it simply does not fail to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivates the audience. <br /> <br /> All '73 flaws are in the '83 miniseries with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although Timothy Dalton is purist, too tall and too lean to be Rochester, he has the essential qualities for the role: he has an imposing physical presence, a strong magnetism and a sense of self-assurance and authority. And despite his undeniable beauty, he seems so grim and stern that he can convincingly play the gloomy Thornfield champion. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he portrays all facets of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who have played Rochester, he is the only one who captures them all: Rochester's harshness, almost insolence, his capriciousness and suddenness, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his prudence and his deep, hectic love. Dalton's handling of Charlotte Brontë's language is equally excellent. Even the most prevalent and complicated thoughts of Rochester sound absolutely and naturally when Dalton delivers them. He is the definitive Rochester, unsurpassed and unsurpassable, and having watched him in that role, one can not imagine Rochester being played in any other way or by any other actor. Zelah Clarke delivers an equally excellent result in a role that may be even more challenging than Rochester's. She portrays exactly the Jane of the novel, an externally shy, restrained and protected young woman, who has a great depth of feeling and an equally strong willpower. She miraculously captures the duality in Jane's character: her modesty and respect on the one hand and her fire and passion on the other, her apparent infirmity and her unbending sense of right and wrong. She and Dalton have a wonderful chemistry, and their scenes together are a real treat. <br /> <br /> In terms of fidelity to the literary model, this version, like the '73 version, quotes literally from the novel, but with one important difference: the dialogues are truncated in this version, but the core lines used for the Characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot are essential, are adopted unchanged. Thus, the script writer avoided any artificiality of the language, while the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Brontë remained intact. And unlike the previous BBC version, the essence of each scene is captured perfectly. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is tracked with even greater accuracy than in the '73 series. It is almost a scene for the staging of the novel, in which every episode of Jane's life has the same time and emphasis. It is the only Jane Eyre adaptation that has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that fully lives up to the novel's decisive and heartfelt scene as Jane and Rochester meet after the canceled wedding. Especially Timothy Dalton plays this scene with great skill. With almost painful intensity, he scares Rochester's heart as he realizes that Jane's determination to leave him, his desperate attempts to keep her, and his last despair when she actually leaves him. It's a heart-wrenching, almost devastating scene that lingers on the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> With even smaller roles perfectly staffed, an outstanding script and two ideal lead actors, this is the definitive and only true "Jane Eyre".
