Yes, this production is long (good news for Bronte fans!) And looks a bit dated, but both the casting and the drama are so brilliant that you do not want to see any other versions! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton is Edward Rochester ... it's that simple. I do not care that other critics say he's too beautiful. Dalton is attractive, but not a handsome boy. In fact, he has a jagged, angular, dark charm that I think matches the mysterious, very masculine Mr. R. And he captures Rochester's sad, tormented personality so movingly. He portrays the cruelty when the scene demands it, but also shows Rochester's tender, passionate and emotional side. (IMO's recent A & E production suffers from the fact that Ciaran Hinds, whom I usually adore, is bubbling and bullying around the area, I've read the book many times and never felt that Rochester was a nonstop growl -Biest should be perceived.) <br /> <br /> When I read the novel again, I always see Zelah Clarke as Jane. Ms. Clarke is similar to Jane in describing herself (and being described by others). Small, childlike, fairy ... Although it's true that the actress does not look 18, she portrays Jane as well as possible. While other reviews have argued that their acting is made of wood or no emotion, one must remember that the character was trained at Lowood for 8 years to keep her emotions and her "passionate nature" in check. Her main inspiration was her childhood friend Helen, who was the image of a cautious submission. Although her true nature was not reflected, Jane learned to master her mastery and to be docile, in line with the school's goals for her charity students who would go to "ministry." Jane becomes governess in the household of the wealthy Mr. Rochester. She certainly would not treat him as equal. Even if she gave as good as she got, she would always remember that her job was far below her employer's. However, if you read the book that keeps this production surprisingly close, you can clearly see the small battles that Zelah endures as Jane while suppressing her emotions to stay mild and balanced. <br /> <br The chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is just right, I think. No, it does not resemble the slightest Hollywood (thankfully, it's not a Hollywood book), but it's a romance that is true, devoted and loyal. And for a woman like Jane, who never thought love would come on her way, this is a small miracle. <br /> <br /> The rest of the casting is terrific and I love the fact that almost every character from the book is present here. So too is much of the rich, poetic original dialogue. This version is the only one I know that covers the lovely, notorious gypsy scene and generally has more humor than other versions I've ever seen. In particular, the mutual teasing between the main characters comes straight from the book and is so adorable! <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre was in many ways one of the first romanized feminists. She finally accepted the love of her own terms and independently, and finally as Rochester's true match. Just beautiful!
