Describing this episode as brilliant does not feel like enough. Claiming that the excellent work of the season premiere is being sustained is also reductive, as there has not been a great Sopranos episode yet. In fact, the title could be a complacent invitation for those who are not yet real fans: Join the club ... <br /> <br /> Pick up where Junior left off (after he was wrong, one Bullet into his nephew's belly) him for a rogue he killed in the first season), the story begins with Tony being absolutely alright. Without even remembering what happened to him, he participates in a kind of gathering. Only he does not speak with his usual accent, and with his papers something seems to be wrong: Obviously he is not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least thinks of a group of people, and until the mess is over I can be his hotel do not leave. <br /> <br /> In pure Sopranos tradition, of course, this turns out to be a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, the doctors do not know what his fate, his family and his fate are friends worried sick and junior refused to believe that the whole thing actually happened. Unfortunately, it did, and Anthony Jr. seems ready to avenge the attempt in his father's life. Dreams have appeared quite frequently in the series, often as a kind of spiritual test for the protagonist (most notable) in the fifth season (The Test Dream). Join the Club, however, takes the metaphysical qualities of the program, already suggested by a William S. Burroughs poem in the previous episode, and boldly expresses the cover: Tony hallucinates about his dead friends (the first occurrence) of that sort caused by food poisoning (four seasons ago) is one thing, because what actually appears to be in a purgatory is radically different. The "heavenly" section of the story is full of allegorical meanings, not least the name Tony is called (as a character points out, if spelled in a certain way, you get the word "infinity") and it comes none of this as exaggerated or far-fetched: David Chase has created a work that is far too intelligent to use peculiar setups for oneself. everything helps the narrative. The talk of "help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano, however, could extend this somewhat.
