Okay, I did not get the purgatory thing when I saw this episode for the first time. It seemed like something important was going on that I could not put my finger on. This time, this Costa Mesa really caught my attention on TV - and it helped that I was writing an essay about Inferno! But let me see what has not been discussed ... <br /> <br /> A TWOP report mentioned that Tony had 7 steps because of the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially for religious reasons, but here's one more for you. At some point I consulted Wikipedia and guessed what Dante has divided into 7 levels. Purgatorio. Exclusively purgatory and paradise. (The stuff at the bottom of the stairs and ... which Tony can not do.) <br /> <br /> Continue to the supposedly "accidental" monk pat scene. As soon as the monks showed up, it was a perfect match for Tony, who was trying to leave the purgatory. It can be said that he was worried when this Christian ad (death, illness and sin) came and he became more and more desperate because the Christian heaven somehow looks uncomfortable for him. When he meets the monks, he thinks, "Maybe these guys can help me?" That sounds like thinking about other religions (like Buddhism) and asking if another way could lead to "salvation". Not that Tony, of course, literally thinks about becoming a Buddhist, but it seems Finnerty tried (and screwed up). This slap in the face basically tells Tony that there is no quick fix - no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and disappear here. <br /> <br /> Tony was not too keen to go to heaven at first. But at the "conference entrance" he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. First, I saw the problem of the name against the driver's license, as Tony had led a double life, which he kept secret from killing and sleeping in front of most people. He feels free to have an affair with quasi-Melfi because "he is Kevin Finnerty". He finds out that he can deceive some people with KF cards, such as hotel receptionists, but it will not get him out of purgatory. These helicopters - the helicopters of the sky? - pursue him and everything he does. After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", the identity of the Theatrical Version seems to be a reminder of the infinite of different ways that Tony could have gone in his life. Maybe along with Infiniti's car joke, which made no sense to me. Aaaand at this point my brain gushes out.
