In an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira filmed this film, "Things That Worth Life. "It is not an original discovery that gives you many voices (incidentally), but it deviates slightly from the norm in Spanish cinema, but the downside is that the elements that make up the film are poorly combined with each other Not well developed, others are inappropriate.A day in the life of two persons who are close to middle age.For the very reason it is the movie Gómez Pereira.Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (parado) who despite the load on Backing with a drama major, he seems ready to make things change, only to explain that his commitment to a minor means a turning point in his existence, in line with Audrey Tautou of 'Long Dating' (Jean-Pierre Jeunet , 2004), Jorge says something to himself: "If I find a coin in front of the corner, which now changes my luck. "Of course she finds it, starts playing" Today could be a big day "by Joan Manuel Serrat and in some crosses Hortensia (Ana Belen) .She is another woman who reaches retirement age, divorced and a bit lonely: take Valeriana sleeps, organizes birthday parties as a model mother, speaks of her belief in God and leads to a speed of homicide mother Hortensia is a woman with many contradictions in his behavior Head Driving data as "70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime" and said, although it is close to Jorge and unemployed and does not exclude the possibility that it is a "sadistic" sleep in the cinema at the cinema earliest opportunity.There was a communion, a dance in the luxurious wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that players seem to experience in a unique way, but in the end are quite difficult for the viewer. " worthy of life "Debate between us is the drama of two adult persons who have no other person who makes them see where their strange relationship lies, and conversely, causes us to consider the case as a comedy, by focusing on things like a Chinese song at a wedding (which seems amusing in itself) or the gang a drunken person the problem is that it does not give us time to connect with the players. Therefore, we can not identify with the dramatic and also do not give a solid comic that leaves everything but pure wit. In the end, everyone is mixed so that the viewer does not know exactly whether to laugh or mourn, and in the end not. And it is true that something is not seen a thousand times. It's not the kind of movie we find to bend every corner, but it's not enough different or special than we want to do that. Ana Belén (who appears to have been far fewer than the 53 years in this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who enjoy working, but this time it seems ready or comfortable enough to be in scenes that force him to rest In the film, something like that prevails, so that in moments like the "accident" with the children of the bar the thing seems to slip out of their hands. Maybe a very dramatic change to do, but that's no excuse to lessen our alertness. In any case, both interpreters can easily set up the highlight of the function. "Things that make life worthwhile" work only for modest entertainment. Any assertion that goes beyond this point has not been fulfilled, like a romantic comedy or a dramatic, we suspect that they could afford, can not afford to have completed small moments (beyond the bad ones), as one of the characters talking and laughing, drunk, lost compared to a boy who is partly in a coma because of him. Nor is it for people like Rosario Pardo, who launched the typical friend whose biggest contribution to the movie is the phrase "must be screwed over the head" and songs from the soundtrack, though significant, are not exactly fitting. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has its hits (some of the moments in which Jose Sacristan was involved), but the whole thing is an anodynic story, a movie with good intentions and a good result when it gets better.
