PERHAPS In trying to find another "hot property" to adapt to, the Fleischer brothers looked back on their very successful journey into the world of newspaper comics with their 1933 production of POPEYE THE SAILOR (Butcher Studios / Paramount). Although she was part of the BETTY BOOP series, Miss B. made only a brief appearance; Let the rest as a pilot episode for the possible emergence of a full-blown series. AS is now well known, the rough, cross-eyed, sweeping sailor was perhaps the most successful animated series of all time; the butchers and their studio survive and literally survive and continue to this day. <br /> <br /> RETURNING to King's features for another try with luck were undoubtedly the reason to try out the very popular HENRY cartoon character in a BETTY BOOP outing; The goal is to find another series. The consideration then seemed to be safe. HENRY was one of the most popular features in the Hearst paper series. appears as both Daily Comics and Comic Supplement on Sunday, PUCK, THE COMICS WEEKLY. You know, "What fools these mortals are!" Do you remember that, Schultz? Looking at the plump, small, bald-headed comic strip 'Hero' and his performances on screen, both solo and together with Miss Betty; We were pleasantly surprised to see how well the character was handled. The story and director Dave Fleischer provided a wealth of comic-like situations and visual wounds that seemed most appropriate for the character of little Henry. These mostly silent vignettes were very important for animated film to stay true to the printed page. because the HENRY feature was mostly executed in a kind of 4-color mime. <br /> <br /> In the cartoon entitled BETTY BOOP WITH HENRY: THE FUNNY LIVING American (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935) we see what is; basically a one-sided exercise; interrupted with the usual order of Dave Fleischer's fast, machine gun-like gags. In short, Henry discovers a puppy in the window of Betty Boops Pet Shop. It's a kind of love at first sight when Henry tries to buy the little puppy dog ​​with the only money he has to have coins in his pocket. It has been shaped by Miss Boop that it would be $ 2.00 in the Depression era to make the purchase. Tears come up as the little guy goes downcast. <br /> <br /> BUT a relief is imminent, while Betty asks the boy to take care of the store while she handles urgent business. In return for his services, Miss Betty promises him the little dog in return. Of course they have a deal and Betty goes. Cleaning the cages and feeding the cattle gives the butcher crew the opportunity to start a whole new set of gags. This time with birdseed, Henry's bald pate and broom. (But of course not all of a sudden, Schultz!) Henry's enthusiasm for mass-feeding the bird population of the store, literally sowing his head, soon leads to a mass destruction of the birds. from the store to the open street in a mass prison break. BETTY returns to this sight and expresses her disappointment and anger with Henry's temporary custody. All bets were gone, no dog for Henry. He starts to go; down; but soon the owner convinces him to give him another try to fix things. His head is covered with birdseed and he manages to catch all the small feathered creatures. to bring her back to her zoo business coop. Fortunately, the little guy leaves; but this time he has his own, tender, little, licking puppy. <br /> <br /> UNPUBLIC. This was a winning combination. We have the carefree, energy-filled freedom of the boy, the kindness of Betty and the feelings of the situation and the dubious outcome of the situation of the boy and his dog. Max and Dave Fleischer had given us a kind of almost insignificant mini-masterpiece of a surreal comedy shorts. <br /> <br /> We were quite surprised that no HENRY series followed. Judging from the fairly faithful treatment of the character, it certainly could have been maintained for some time. Anyway, this team was in many ways the best thing Betty Boop tried. Although the first, POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933), was the most successful (and barely had a Betty Boop, except a cameo as Carnival Hulatänzer); The HENRY Short was much better than the two following King features "Tryouts", BETTY BOOP AND THE LITTLE KING and BETTY BOOP AND LITTLE JIMMY, both 1936. <br /> <br /> POODLE SCHNITZ !!
