There are far too few mainstream films in postcolonial Africa, and those that exist are mixed. This one, with its altruistic claims to suspend slavery in the 1970s, shows the best and worst values ​​in Africa that are not too different from the values ​​of all humanity. It also has shortcomings in view of the undue influence of Western prejudices of Africans, and especially of Arabs. Dr. Anansa Linderby, the beautiful African American wife of the English doctor David Linderby, is captured An Arab slave trader, a young girl from Sanufu and a small boy. The leading slave trader, Suleiman, is the stage of the Arabs with his flowery and sometimes humorous rhetoric and appropriate gestures, which is not inappropriate on "Carry On Follow That Camel", but does not match the standard film deserves. Of course, Peter Ustinov had more than enough abilities to overcome some of the shortcomings of the script, and he saved what might otherwise have been a sad one-dimensional figure. <br /> <br /> The stereotyped theme continues Suleiman's Arab employees are unintelligent and have a pedophile tendency toward the boy, which fortunately is not displayed on screen. One of David's first points of contact is the local police officer, a stereotypical, pompous and incompetent African bureaucrat. David then meets two stereotypical white ex-pats, an Englishman (Walker, played by Rex Harrison) and an American (Sandell, played by William Holden). Sandell is a mercenary with "conventional" views on mixed race relations, who initially refuses to help unless David pays in advance. David's love for Anansa overwhelmed him. He is aware of his inability to find love and agrees to take David in his helicopter to help find Anansa. They find Suleiman and his prisoners crossing the border and can not track them into neighboring territory. As a result of Sandell's hesitation and David's lack of experience with firearms, his helicopter is shot down but David survives. <br /> <br / We see David being introduced to Malik (Kabir Bedi), an African who has lost his family to Suleiman and is now being driven only by revenge. They find the Sanufu girl with a group of Tuareg and know that they are on the right track to find Suleiman. <br /> <br /> In one of the most tearing scenes, they kill a group of slavers just to find it. It was not Suleiman's group, and they have no choice but to send their prisoners to the Tuaregs. they had met before. Later, we find that the young boy who was raped is a witch doctor and in one an excellent scene with supernatural overtones. He uses his knowledge to kill one of the henchmen of Suleiman. Anansa, for her part, despite the boy's skepticism, manages to ruin Suleiman's two other employees. At that point, Suleiman and his slaves are capable of reaching the slave market within a few days. Suleiman, no doubt now that Anansa is "Trouble," tries to convince her of an obscene, wealthy Arab prince (Omar Sharif ), which is corrupt but intelligent. When the prince finds out that Anansa is an American working for the UN.N. The prince decides rather unwise to continue the negotiations without taking into account the consequences. The scene where the two men haggle is one of the best in the movie. At the slave market, the boy is sold to a middle-aged German pedophile, and all we have to do is guess if that is the case. The boy is still considered "wonderful" when his owner is at the end of his magic art. David and Malik finally confront themselves with Suleiman, and from Malik's point of view, there is a bittersweet end Finally, David and Anansa are reunited, and Malik, whose life is in ruins, can console himself when he has seen the task that he himself has made. <br /> <br /> The overall presentation of the film is excellent, but it loses its mark on the stereotypical portrayal of almost all the main characters. Thanks to all the leading actors who fix many of the shortcomings of the script.
