"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia the Heretic" of 1974 is a truly disturbing and uncompromising piece of Italian exploitation cinema, which in a sense follows a somewhat feminist premise (though the extent of sleaze and brutality is likely to disgust the majority of feminists). Mostly in a monastery and with a nun as the eponymous central protagonist (great achievement of the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" can be called a "Nunsploitation" movie. However, this film is drastically different from the typical Nunsploitation films of the time, as it does not focus so much on Nonsploitations elements as Lesbianism, Sadistic Lesbian punishments, and so on. Personally, I saw more similarity to the hexploitation films of the time, such as "Mark of the Devil" (though the topic of witch hunts is not dealt with), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern times. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After seeing her despotic father beheading a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia nun has to become a nunnery. When her father condemns a nun to a painful death for a small offense for years, Falvia's loathing of male violence against women becomes hatred for the despotic church and she joins a group of Arab scavengers ... <br /> <br /> One Sure, "Flavia the Heretic" is not for the faint of heart, nor for those who want a happy ending. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi obviously tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his unpleasant scenes. The many torture and execution scenes are extremely disturbing, with skin damage, spikes and other cruel scenes in detail, the shocking scene probably being the torture of the young nun at the beginning of the film. The violence here is never superfluous. After all, these cruel methods were actually a reality in the time the film was used. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic scenery, an elegant cinematography and a great score by Nicola Piovani. The amazingly beautiful and great Florinda Bolkan has demonstrated her talent in many of the great Italian cult productions (including the Giallo masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" by Lucio Fulci of 1972). It's another great, charismatic performance, and I can not imagine another actress fitting her role as well as she does. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example, why does the rigid church ever let bizarre cult followers in monasteries). Overall, it is amazing how realistic this movie is. "Flavia the Heretic" should not be missed by my Italian fans of the Exploitation Cinema. This is a great exploitation movie overall, although it is definitely a depressing one and should therefore be watched in the right mood. Highly recommended for fans of disturbing exploitation cinema. 7.5 / 10
