Too many sources routinely collapse this thought-provoking epochal drama, partly on the basis of historical facts, along with the superficially similar "nonsploitation" that played a major role in the Euro Trash Cinema of the 1970s, overlooking the righteous rage that spanned the whole Company drives. Perhaps it was also coincidence that director Gianfranco Mingozzi made a unique effort to tell film outside of numerous documentary films. <br /> <br /> In a historical context, FLAVIA relies on the growing rebellion of a 15th-century Italian nun (Florinda Bolkan's career performance surpassed even her outstanding work on Lucio Fulci's devastating DO NOT TORTURE A DUCKLING) and did not so noble a father imprisoned in a monastery, in a desperate attempt to slow down the burgeoning sensual nature of the girl. She wonders why women are best referred to secondary roles in life as in the scriptures. She is confronted with the manner in which male dominance can destroy women's lives, leading to revolts inspired by the chatter of the half-crazy older sister Agatha (irrevocably portrayed by veteran actress) Maria Casarès from Marcel Carné's LES ENFANTS YOU PARADIS) and - more constructively - by a Muslim invasion. Flavia joined the oppressors and possibly unknowingly manipulated them for their bid. She's really the outsider she's been with, with expected tragic results. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's ZABRISKIE POINT, with its stunning widescreen compositions by Alfio Contini, who shot Michelangelo, is an uncompromising and stern account of a woman's bitter but ultimately futile struggle against the patriarchal society that gave her No rights have been granted, except for her birth or fornication, as Sister Agatha dryly notes. A lengthy drug-induced fantasy sequence, which is clearly based on Ken Russell's otherwise much more extravagant DEVILS, but proves to be relatively stingy in the skin department and makes some derision from their halbpornischen reputation. This is a serious piece of work that deserves to rediscover and restore its unwarranted reputation.
