Flavia the Heretic is an indisputable work of art and probably my best recommendation that the Euro-exploitation cinema is underestimated and should not be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex movie, beautifully realized and? Surprise ?? damn right! This is more than pointless acts of violence or unnecessary acts of violence, and it is about time that the prudish film committees, who classify Flavia as banned garbage, also believe this to be the case. Flavia is a handsome 14th-century teenager who was forced to lead the life of an obedient nun in a strict monastery. She refuses to accept her as inferior just because she is female and she insults her co-sister because she is so tolerant. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, she befriends another rebellious nun and even leads a troupe of bloodthirsty Muslims into the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is an almost mesmerizing movie! It is almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi has managed to make it so realistic and disturbing. I invite you to a title that deals more intensively with the subject of pioneer feminism than Flavia. Some sequences are pretty shocking (just before the nightmare) when the camera is zooming in on brutal rapes, torture and mutilations. But all this raw material is not only used to satisfy perverse Gorehounds. I am firmly convinced that they are part of the statement, "Flavia" is trying to communicate: Humanity (especially the Catholic Church) has historically proven to be a hypocritical and discriminatory race, and there is no point in denying it further. Films like "Flavia, the Heretic" have the courage to openly question and judge our valuable ancestors. I really admire her for that. Flavia's substance makes it an excellent and basic commercial film, but it is brought to a higher level by the wondrous cinematography, the gorgeous costumes and scenery, and the breathtaking music of Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and wayward nun, but it is María Casares who steals the show as sister Agatha. She is a man-hated and loud-tempered nun who likes to urinate outdoors! Amen, sister!
