I felt that this movie was about human sexuality as much as anything else, intentional or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to be admitted to such a nationally important event while forgetting the past of our respective "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women only had the right to vote 60 years ago and technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once purely male, until recently the business world was completely closed to women in America, and women in China had their feet tied so that they could not develop strong feet to escape their husbands. Iran is going through this phase in our time, and we can take a closer look at how ridiculous we all looked in one way or another. Back to the topic of sexuality, we ask ourselves what it actually means for women that they are unfit for football (the official reason is that the men are bad). Especially such boyish girls, a couple so much that one even has the feeling that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women the police try to "protect" are not those who try to invade. The opening scenes of the approach to the stadium will make you appreciate the appreciation of the young women trying to get in - and each one individually - at all. It is the world of a brutal man. Any woman brave enough to leave should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not one size. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the arrested criminal girls tie themselves in the makeshift pen and wait for their deportation to who-knows-where-and in a much more subtle way. Start connecting with the guards who take care of them. These had certain ideas about women and femininity, which were challenged from head to toe. The change in attitude is icy, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is pure Iran from the first moment, the stranger needs some relief, but the characters have a special way of loving themselves, and you end up with it Picture and understand even the misunderstandings of the men and give them scope. The supposed villain is the unseen patriarchy of the ayatollahs, who are not seen and unnamed, and probably not remembered. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film was filmed during the Iran-Bahrain incident really gives me a sense of feeling of awe for everyone involved.
