In your opinion, what would the average person know more or less: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly enough, they head up to the controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi titled "Offside," a story in which football or access to football is used as the backdrop for a series of scenes that involve the right to do something about it to go back and forth somewhere the right of the individual to extend this courtesy, if and when he wishes. The strange thing is you can not get away from Offside after learning anything about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it's training in Panahi's controversial style), but you get enlightened that at least someone from Iran has adopted a controversial topic that is obviously still in place in a nation like Iran and is ready to present it to an international audience rather than exploiting it. I can remember the 2006 World Cup, I am sure many people can. It was the summer after my first year at university and after the Slog, which was my first year, a summer of the Football World Cup acted as a beautiful one tuned tonic. Needless to say, in virtually every bar I have seen those who show them at the same time as the others at the end of the group stage in order to avoid incidents as they were seen in Spain in '82, when it was thought that West Germany and Austria a chance had result between them that they both would come through at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Who in the UK saw Iran's broadcast by the BBC? The game of Mexico, the first of the tournament's two nations, may remember that Gary Lineker, the BBC's football entertainer, made a brief comment at the top of the show to introduce the game. It went something like this: "We saw giants who played Germany, England, Argentina and Holland, but now we see ......... Mexico and Iran are fighting for it". The emphasis on the latter two being inferior was clear and it was a chore to watch them. It's a shame because there are people, and films like Offside present them, who are really willing to see Iran play so far that they risk their well being to achieve that, and it's sad when people do are in a position of power that rejects what they believe to be "inferior" when there are others who are doing something to have the opportunity to engage elsewhere. <br /> <br /> When I immediately think of the words "Iran", "Football" and "World Cup", my head flies back to the game of France '98 between said nation and America. Here's a movie about a World Cup game involving Iran, where some or even most Iranian filmmakers may have chosen to tell a story about Iran's famous victory over the United States, and what that she meant, director Panahi decides What's going on behind the scenes and is a story from the stands, as women are excluded from football matches and are not allowed to live in ecstasy to win a game of immense size. You can imagine a hard-nosed movie describing Iran's "victory" as a cumbersome propaganda film designed to "beat" Western power or the "enemy" in a sport they might not have expected. <br /> <br /> A few films that come to my mind when it comes to defeating the unbeatable in one's own game are the 2001 Indian film 'Lagaan', in which the Indian peasants join the ruling British Defeat cricket. Similalry, 2005 'The Game of a Lifetime', envisages the Americans defeating the English in a football game only at the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and offside are immense. Offside, a situation stands behind the mentality of a state and dares to explore the essence of feminism, while the girls try to win their beloved Iran against Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup. They are rounded up like animals and held in a rough purgatory from a barred window that would allow them to see the game. The reasoning refers to the bad language that the men "may" not want but "can" during the game. The film presents Iran as so incompetent that it can not deny a man the right to swear and ban the bad language, but prohibit a woman's right to see the game all together? It is no wonder that Panahi's film was banned in Iran itself. However, Panahi still remembers to make the rule go crazy by allowing his female characters to smoke cigarettes as well as use cell phones. Two things that doctors and scientists think they think are much more dangerous to the human body / mind than to hear a little bit of bad language at a football game. Panahi pays particular attention to the title of his film "Offside", which is even detailed in football when an "attacker" is "caught" trying to gain an advantage in the game. The parallels are with the position of women in the film, while these advancing (supposedly illegitimate) individuals are caught trying to put an opponent over the opposition; That's the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the better films I've seen from the Middle East and the surrounding Gulf. It's a tense but humiliating film about people who, according to IMDb, do not have a drama story, and so the acting is raw and real, adding everything to this quaint, neorealist aura. The immediate end is insistent, and the constant verbal struggle between the male soldiers and the wrongdoers who have dared oppose the state is wonderful. I also believe that someone who dislikes the film for the reasons I have mentioned shows a marked level of calluses, either that or you are working in the Iranian government.
