In Iran, women are not allowed to attend men's sporting events in order to protect them from all the cursing and indecent language they hear from male fans (since men can not hold back or behave, women are forced to). Go figure. "Offside" tells the story of half a dozen young women who, like men, sneak into the high stakes match between Iran and Bahrain, which qualified Iran to participate in the World Cup in 2005 (the movie was "Offside") a slice-of-life comedy that will remind you of all these great humanistic movies ("The Shop on Main Street," "Loves.") of a blonde, "closely watched trains," etc.), the mid-1960s as part of the "Prague miracle" from communist Czechoslovakia flowed. As with many of these works, "Offside" is more concerned with observing life than with elaborating fictional narratives. In fact, it's the simplicity of the setup and the naturalism of the style that make the movie so effective. <br /> <br /> As soon as their cunning is discovered, the girls are dragged into a small pin right in front of the stadium they are in can hear the raucous cheering that comes from the game inside. Wherever they are, they can only ask the security guards to let them in, guards who are basically awkward, good-natured boys who have to fulfill their duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even most men who go to the stadium do not seem particularly worried if they remember that these women are admitted. The ban remains. But how can one not be impressed by the really real courage and sponge of these women when confronting a system that has to impose such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? The purpose of these women, however, is not to gather behind a thing or to formulate a "point". They are simply obsessed fans with a burning desire to see a football game and, like all men in the country, cheer their team. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say how much of the dialogue is written How much of it is unimaginable, but in any case, the actors with their amazingly expressive faces do a great job, which seems absolutely real and convincing every moment leaves. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are notable leaders in a consistently outstanding cast. The structure of the film is also very casual and freeform, as writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-author Shadmehr Rastin focus on one or two of the characters for a few brief moments, then easily and effortlessly move on to others. With this documentary approach, we feel like witnessing an actual "real-time" event. Very often we can easily forget that we are actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very clever move by the filmmakers to include so much good-natured humor in the film (which is also what the Czech filmmakers did.) It is better to point out the complete absurdity of the situation and to increase the attractiveness of the film for domestic and foreign audiences. "Offside" is obviously a call for justice that becomes all the more effective as he refuses to turn his story into a heavy-breathing tragedy. Instead, it becomes clear that nothing breaks down social barriers as effectively as humor and a call to the general humanity of the audience. And is not that what real art is about? In its quiet, unobtrusive way, "Offside" is one of the great, undervalued gems of 2007.
