Various film directors from different countries have contributed much to the medium of film through their thoughts. As a result, we have experienced different genera in relation to the medium. Jafar Panahi believes in contrast to J.L. Godard or F. Truffault to the simple telling of stories. Schematic Narratives is one of the main features of his directorial work. He has confidence in the automatic and critical intelligence of the viewer; he has no need to work for alienation or doing things to reach the viewers. He is equally effective, although he is conventional. Offside (2006) is another schematic creation of his, in which the gender support of Middle East is gradually becoming clear to everyone as the film's simple yet catchy story progresses. Today, when we all yell at the issue of women's rights, this movie creeps very quietly into our heads and eventually becomes a hunchback for our critical intelligence, conveying the message that the justness of human rights is nothing but an illusory one Good, a utopia. Paternity never allows women to be empowered. An important football game in which the nation participates, a young girl who understands the game well and loves his nation, does not have the right to go to the stadium to cheer for his country. She is only allowed to hear the live comment. Her pseudonym could not work for her. As a result, she had to undergo several humiliating situations. From the beginning, her worried father ran back and forth for her daughter. At the end of the day, there was a celebration when the nation won the game that the girl could not see when she was being held on the outside of the stadium during the season. The celebration, however, can not suppress the issue of the rights of women, who appear in different formats in every corner of the world. Jafar Panahi has most successfully referred to this issue of Gender Abuse as part of conventional filmmaking and patriarchy. A global tragedy has been mastered with ease and sometimes with humor, which in turn is constantly provoking our being.
