At first glance, a movie about women who want to watch a football match would not be aimed at someone who is interested in football like me, but this is not about football, it's about discrimination and the enthusiasm of women for the sport, they love. <br /> <br /> The film opens on the day of the crucial World Cup qualifier between Iran and Bahrain. A girl tries to show herself in Teadi's Azadi Stadium by dressing like a boy in until a soldier tries to find her. Once caught, she is taken to a small enclosure outside the stadium where a handful of women have already been captured. Here they are guarded by a small group of conscripts, whose leader prefers to take care of him at home cattle. We never learn the names of the characters, but we get to know them as humans, while the girls ask the guards to let them watch through a nearby gap in the wall, and if they refuse to make them, at least a comment to give. <br /> <br /> The film not only contains an important point regarding rigid gender segregation in today's Iran. It contains many funny moments like the "disguise" a girl has to wear when it comes to the bathroom, and the girl disguises herself as a soldier and was only caught because she watched the game from a seat that was open to the public a senior officer was reserved. The enthusiasm of the girls for the game is so great that the spectator is probably at the edge of his place and hopes Iran will win and thus reach the final in Germany. The soldiers are not portrayed as fundamentalists, they are just conscripts who are there because they have to, and when they explain to girls why women can not watch men's sports, they do not seem so convinced by their own arguments. " It is a shame that this film can not be seen in Iran itself, but it is good that the whole world can see it and see that ordinary Iranians are not fanatics desperately fighting a war against the West but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere. The performers did a great job in letting their characters appear as real people rather than cartoons.
