Panahi, whose previous films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold seemed to be from gloomy to bleak, has produced a fun, obstreperous, joyfully chaotic ensemble piece in his new offside, ending on a note of liberation and heartfelt pleasure? But the film deals with material as demanding and relevant as anything else he has done. Focusing on a group of passionate football fans who crept into the Tehran Stadium before the World Cup between Bahrain and Iran, Panahi raises questions of national spirit and autonomy and contradictions. and sheer absurdity? from the regime's religious gender apartheid in a world of modern competition with a majority of the youth population and urban girls who increasingly think for themselves. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, we breathlessly step on one of the girls in a bus with a father who is tracking a lost daughter. This is disguised and has national colors as war paint, but we scare with her in the knowledge of what will happen: it is still easy to spot. The thing is, most men do not care. Nevertheless, rules are rules, and if they try to break through the various checkpoints on the way to the big stadium, the football girls or some of them will be detained in a small building at the top of the stadium by some of the mostly young, green and rustic military police have no idea how to deal with the independent ideas of these city girls, and would rather watch the game? Whose roar are we constantly hearing in the background ?? yourself. Every girl is different? There are several reasons for wanting to break the rules. One wore the uniform of a soldier and entered the officers' ward. One is tough and masculine and mocking and provocative (she could fit a handsome boy and she curiously points out, "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What do you want me to be?"). Football does not interest much, but he went in honor of a dead comrade. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a passionate football player? and so on. These Tehrani girls are stubborn and smart and go through the upright rural lieutenant who is responsible for them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) brings the footballer to the men's room (of course there are no ladies) and forces her to wear a poster of an Italian football star as a mask. There follows a comedy of errors and chaos in which the girl escapes. Later comes a smart looking van with an officer instructing the cops to take the girls to the vice department. Violations of sexual segregation rules are considered vices. A man is mixed with them? a child who is chronically to blame for smuggling fireworks into the games. The van proved not so fancy: The radio antenna is broken. But a policeman holds it tight to hear the increasingly heartrending reportage. Policemen and prisoners are now united in a common excitement. There are no points, the game goes to penalties, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background is a real game, a stadium and real crowds of young men who are crazy about the outcome of this event. The excitement is tremendous and the streets are packed with cars and flags and a lot of supporters praying for an Iranian victory, and unite in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this film as good as it is? By now, on the evening of a real game, it's turned into a real finale that turns everything around. In contrast to Panahi's earlier highly calculated narrative tracks, these are spontaneous vérité films that improvise in rhythm with a captured background of actual events and enthrall you in their excitement in an exciting way. The essence of Offside is the division between modern world football Madness and retro-Islamic social prohibitions that oppress women. The latter exists at a time when young Iranian women are part of a global world in which women play sports and participate in the zeal of the national team spirit. How exactly do you unite the ambition of the country to become a modern world power with medieval social attitudes? Many Offisde are amazingly real, including the way everyone tries to talk themselves out of everything. The director's decision to turn young actors into a true sports mega event leads to an amazingly effective mix of documentary, polemic and fiction that is too energetic to seem to have a bone that ends brilliantly and movingly. " br /> <br /> I've had reservations about Panahi's films before, but this one is shitting. Panahi is doing something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with a sense of the aspirations of a nation.
