In Iran, women are banned from participating in live sports events because they fear that they will be "corrupted" by bad language, proximity to thousands of men, and the fact that there are no toilets for women in the outdated stadiums. Based on an actual incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's offside follows six girls disguised as men who are denied entry into the 2005 football match between Iran and Bahrain. A game that decides whether Iran is going to Iran or not World Cup. Offside is an overblown comedy with patriotic zeal and universal appeal, but with enough subversive social commentary to justify its ban on screenings in Iran. <br /> <br /> Recorded on a digital camera using non-professional actors However, more than willing, the girls try to sneak into the Azadi Stadium in Tehran, but are arrested and housed in a storage area outside the city stadium. They are guarded by three young conscripts (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi, and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express their ambivalence about their task, but pledge to obey the rules. The women are football enthusiasts, not political activists and cheer for Iran's victory. However, this does not prevent the soldiers from holding on to them as they wait for the girls to be placed in the vice squad and face an uncertain future. Obviously, they do not call themselves victims, but constantly question the soldiers about the reasons for the restrictions and make their absurdity obvious. Although they can hear the noise of the crowd, the women can not see the action, but can make a small victory by persuading one of the soldiers to make a running commentary on the game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a "prisoner" is taken by a soldier to the men's room. The young recruit then has to deal with an uprising if he has to prevent someone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. By and by Adlai Stevenson, what unites them, will be broader than what separates them, and the unlikely antagonists are gathering behind their land, rooted in the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the point is made early and often, and the film in the middle diminishes somewhat, Offside points to a society in which a political elite with a medieval social mentality struggles with a growing group of educated and politically intelligent citizens. One can only hope that the pressure of the world and the awakening of the own population will force the ayatollahs to deal with the 21st century.
