I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Offside was filmed during an actual qualifier for the 2006 World Cup and is excellently suited as a comedy and tragedy. The film shows the fate of a group of young women getting caught in a football match at Teadi's Azadi Stadium. The Islamic religious leaders of the country have ordered that women should not sit with men at sports events, so that they are not exposed to curse and other morally questionable behaviors. This has not stopped the young female fans of the country, who are always creeping around with various tricks. Panahi, however, focuses on a small group that has been caught and tortured in the vicinity of the action. They ask the bored soldiers who guard them, let them go, or at least watch the game. The soldiers tell them they should not have tried to come in, they could have seen the game on TV at home. They joke in front of and behind the camera almost in real time during the game. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the bathroom. Since there are no ladies' rooms in stadiums, he has to clear the room of men before he is allowed to enter. He also lets her cover her face so no one sees she's a woman. This is achieved by using a poster of Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask, with eye holes punched out. <br /> <br /> You have a real feeling that even the soldiers are confused by the ban and only carry out their orders to expedite the end of their military service. A soldier complains that he should be on leave to look after his family's livestock in the countryside. Little by little the girls and the soldiers talk to each other, and there are many small friendships on both sides that show that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the soldiers' constant reminder that "the chief" is on the move is threatening, as we do not know what kind of punishment women face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, Offside is filmed in a realistic style without artistry. In fact, the film was shot during the actual qualifier against Bahrain on June 5, 2005. The "conspiracy" was determined in many ways by the result on the court. If Iran won the game, they would qualify. If they had lost, they would not. I do not think it's been a spoiler since the World Cup to say that Iran won the match. The scenes of the celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. To see how much this meant for the people of Iran touched that deeply. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, one of the young women refers to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match March 25, just a few weeks earlier. They were kicked to death when the police sprayed the crowd with water to move them in a particular direction. Knowing that this was a real tragedy added another degree of dignity to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to give up a long political tangent, but this film really gave me the hope that there are those in Iran who hope for change and work on it. Iran is a nation of young people, and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political field. Films like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite their current difficulties, and I sincerely hope there is a better future for them.
