I found that a surprisingly easy hand in a 1950s cultural war movie. John Wayne would hardly be the first choice as a cultural attache, with his good intentions about as diplomatic as a bull run in Harrods. This time, however, he had to play a role far more passive than his usual bluff personality, and he completed his task in style. The Duke was a man who could do really well. His facial expressions and body language could be extremely subtle. Despite his considerable presence as an actor and in terms of screen time, he could not dominate this film. Many of his good intentions were a harvest. He had authority over no one, and the interrupted narrative was delivered by the titular geisha, whose barbarian he was. The story of American attempts to relate to an isolationist Japan was more of a political intrigue than a mess or hellish slaughter. I can not say anything about the veracity of his research, but the strangeness of Oriental culture for Western sentiment has been well proven. There were many meticulously choreographed ceremonies in which the viewer was looking for authentic costume and props. The standards were complex and detailed. A lot of money and thought was applied to it. <br /> <br /> The broken romance between Wayne and his geisha added a little extra and prevented the movie from becoming just a political or flag-waving effort. The script was good without being too verbose. There was a lot of Japanese dialogue, but the long translation periods did not disturb the narrative. It was nice to see many real Orientals on the set. Whether they were Japanese or not, I could not say. But they still looked. At least the leaders were not played by cross-dressing Caucasians, unlike other efforts like 'Blood Alley' (yes, I know they were Chinese), 'The Inn Of The Sixth Happiness' or even 'The King And I' '/> <br /> Honestly, I enjoyed that more than any other movie. The script was better for starters. I never liked the songs in 'The King And I' and was not impressed by the heavy laden anti-communist subtext of 'Blood Alley'. I'll admit I have never seen this work before and I think it was very cheap compared to many of The Duke's more popular outings. <br /> <br /> Recommended.
