I have to be honest and say that I bought this movie, not because of the content, but because David Cubitt is there; I know ... shallow or what? - Mr. Cubitt is a fantastic actor, to say the least. <br /> <br /> I really did not know what to expect from this film, I had read the other reviews and the others on other pages, but I have to say that I was drawn into the Brothers' world almost from the beginning has been. David Cubitt as Theo and Colm Feore as Ryan are as credible as the two alienated brothers. The film moves in their relationship as he begins to meet again after her father's death. The scene where Theo finds out Ryan is gay was brilliantly played, he literally goes into a scene and tries to leave without Ryan noticing - which of course he has. <br /> <br /> The film has been very well researched and is therefore incredibly sad, moving, uplifting and a celebration of life in parts. I was saddened by this feeling about what Ryan had been through, but also knowing that he had received hope and unconditional love from ex-drug addict brother Theo. I agree with the other reviewer who finds the scene where Theo says he's going to be a dad, and I'd like to say a bit further that I voiced my thoughts on Ryan as he cruelly turned to Theo says, "What makes you think" is a father "and Theo just says" you. "Theo leaves, but this little dialogue change speaks volumes for the almost self-pitying aspect of Ryan, who is sharply educated by simple replies Directing, writing, etc. are all so well done, I can not really say anything about this movie except that it's very hard to deal with the death of a loved one, but it's infinitely excellent Respect for the theme and the outpouring of love (without being contrite) speaks volumes in this rather egotistical world we live in. Well done for all concerned. <br /> <br /> Not many films bring me to tear And give me a break to think about life in general and also for all the things I have to be happy and not be sad for the things I do not, but this movie did it, it was incredibly uplifting if you consider the topic.
