Anna (Ursula Andress) becomes official R.N. Benito Varotto, ex-lover, allegedly to nurse an aging widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually leads a group of heirs and business people, including the American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with other motives that are reflected in what Anna hopefully will actually achieve with the count. He has a story of women who are well loved, and indeed would be a bit more "vulnerable" if he is cured. The bad guys are derailed because Anna does not come along and gets closer to the count. It can be said that the ending is ironic, but it's probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for action - this movie is a totally erotic comedy, from beginning to end, and how good. There are many nude scenes, including Anna and Jole, one of the vicious heirs played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are notable continental ex-Bond women, fulfilling the fantasies of male spectators. As in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a kind of femme fatale, albeit less elegantly. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Anna's (slower) complete strip and jump with the boy is the best scene Adone, the "other patient" (who fights incredibly) to find out what he knows about the conspiracy. But even at this point, she is already (for the better) with two faces, because she has decided not to participate. However, Benito is more than a two-time tactician in women, as he had been in the past with both Anna and Jole, and the rival's best erotic scene follows a faltering (to say the least) quarrel between him and Jole. This is a standing encounter where Luciana has only black panties. Another nice is Ursula, who is swimming completely naked in the pool of the property. As a client, the count is free to place his hands on Ursula wherever he likes, and he uses them. Hey, somehow I've returned to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include an amusing naked wine cellar hunt. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but does not have to be - it is pleasant without any interruption, it's over. Absolutely to suggest. <br /> <br />
