I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I've ever liked him when I saw him. The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, who was playing a somewhat ridiculous-looking character riding a scooter through New York City, looking pathetic and lost. Another typical Sandler guy, I thought. I almost gave up here and there. But as I held on, I actually discovered something I'd never known before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly outstanding in this film when Charlie, a lost and lonely character, whose entire family (including the dog) was killed on September 11 in one of the hijacked planes and apparently lost touch with reality. Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate who unexpectedly rejoins Charlie and takes it as his mission to help him get better. Of course, Alan Johnson of Cheadle has his own problems and sources of misfortune, and somehow these two men manage to help themselves through their difficulties. The two formed an absolutely credible team, and Sandler in particular made Charlie real by working through his feelings and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you look for it, go to one of his other, stupider things. This is a pretty heavy movie - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always captivating. There are some funny parts in it. I loved the scene where Charlie persuaded Alan to confront his partners, reminding him how hard he was in college, and then the conversation they had after them. Personally, I did not think so. Saffron Burrows added a lot to the film as Donna, an obviously needy patient from Johnson. The only reason the character looked (based on a flashback) was that she looked eerily like Charlie's deceased wife, but that had never really been developed, and I just did not care about the character. However, look for the role of judge played by Donald Sutherland, who I thought was beating the role. As far as I'm concerned, this is Sandler's film and a big compliment to him for a great performance. Definitely his best in my opinion. 8.10
