Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and he has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim). He also had his parents live in his huge apartment in New York City. But somehow he feels that his life is a bit empty. One day he sees his old college roommate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler) in town. Which Alan has not seen Charlie in years? When Alan makes friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depressed man who hides his true feelings from people who take care of him. Since Charlie unexpectedly lost his family in a plane crash, they were on September 11, 2001 in an airplane. Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie turns violently to Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a bit easier. Alan discovers that it's harder to talk to Charlie about his true feelings. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) has at these moments made a wonderfully touching human drama of sadness, truth and even comedy. Sandler delivers an impressive dramatic performance that offers Sandler more in his dramatic role than Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as always. Pinkett Smith is doing well as Alan's supportive wife, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychiatrist, and Saffron Burrows is pretty good as a gorgeous, lonely woman who has a crush on Alan. Unfortunately, this movie was a disappointment at the box office, even though he had some great reviews. The cast is first-rate, the writing and the director are wonderful, and Russ T. Alsobrook's great widescreen cinematography. The film has great film locations in New York City, making the movie New York a beautiful city that you can see in the picture. DVD has a sharp anamorphic widescreen transmission (2.35: 1) and good Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. DVD also includes a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, photomontage and previews. I expected more for the DVD features like a director's audio commentary and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best films to come out this year. I'm sure this movie looked great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have a chance to see it in a theater. But it's also a kind of movie that works well on DVD. The movie also has a good soundtrack and it has many familiar faces in minor roles and bit parts. Even the director has a role as Byran Sugarman, who is himself an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underrated pictures of the year. It's also the best Sandler movie in my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Do not miss it. HD widescreen. (**** 1/2 of *****).
