Most people who go to this movie have an idea of ​​what it's about. A man loses his entire family and even his dog on a Boston flight that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before you see this movie is this: how would that feel? What do you do with it? and how would that affect you and the way you relate to each watch day? The story painfully develops slowly from the gate and then heats up with speed as the newly renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former college roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to take shape , Characters emerge in this film, whose presence seems at first obligatory and not well-developed, but in fact remains with this story, and you find that the simplicity of each character makes the story believable - and exactly. Real people live in a real situation where they can do little, but stand by while one of them falls apart. The pain in Charlie's soul is subtly recognizable from the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character, which was brilliantly revealed by Sandler, as layers of an onion? a layer combined with lightness and weight at once. It's such a subtle performance that it sneaks up on you and invades your head as you look at it on the screen. Alan Johnson of Cheadle is equally subtle and very Don Cheadle. Always good to see, the lightness that is evident when Cheadle speaks on screen to his accomplished acting abilities. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture, just as the situation would require. Fineman does not want a friendship or anyone who has invaded his monastic life, and yet the sympathetic quality that Alan possesses is simple and honest enough to intrigue even a recluse like Charlie. It is Alan who has the task of gently opening up Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is an inherent danger in the process. The more Alan Charlie taps into opening up, the closer the danger is to push Charlie over the edge, to the point of using the services of friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler). It's a chasm that Charlie teeters on every moment he wakes up, and he's learned to navigate by mere rejection. He denied everything that existed before to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he can not deny. Sandler retreats so deeply into the pain of his character as the story unfolds that the viewer, when he meets his demons directly, almost painfully shares the pain. Alan stands next to Charlie in this demanding process and risks living his perfect home - with the graceful grace and efficiency of Ms. Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While he's looking after Charlie's recovery, Alan looks inward and realizes his own silent screams about the death of independence he once had and the boy he lost to become a man. His reward for helping Charlie helps him reconnect with what he has lost. The theme is very similar to the Fisher King; another story of a man who isolates himself to madness from sorrow and loss. Like the fishing king, the story ends with the traditional, there is a theme for everyone. Reign Over Me's Lidia Sinclair (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows), a woman about to collapse, and a sketchy Johnson patient is Charlie's Border Madness. It's a good ending to the story, but the one element is least likely to be true. On the other hand, maybe there is something for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
