What we have here is a situation. A man is in distress and people want to help him - in different ways. In the end, they have to let go. You can not fix people. And although Reign Over Me is Hollywood in many ways, this is not the case. <br /> <br /> This story is not about Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), a man who lost his wife and three daughters in a 9/11 plane that has since gone into an almost psychotic state of PTSS is. It's about what Charlie has to do with Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a dentist in New York who was his roommate at the dental school. He knows his tragedy and discovers it on the street and connects again. Charlie rides a small toy scooter - a pretty imaginative Manhattan intercom - with big headphones over a mass of unruly hair. The hair is Sandler's main rain, to show that he is disturbed. And the use of music as an escape route must play a major role for any metro driver with iPod episodes. Charlie is a disaster, but Alan, who sticks to a woman (Jada Pinkett Smith), paradoxically begins to envy him Charlie lives like a nutty, youthful boy with a large trust fund (tragedy insurance money) and pulls Alan away to " hang around "," eat Chinese ", buy records or see a Mel Brooks marathon in a House of Representatives. Charlie lives in a nice big apartment, which is protected by a bad landlady. He keeps renovating the kitchen, collecting old records from Springsteen, the Who, etc. and playing a video game called Shadow of the Collosus on a huge screen in a large empty living room. <br /> <br /> Charlie's parents-in-law are deeply worried about him, but also a bit annoying, as we learn later. Alan has a new patient who suggests him. Charlie's despair lets us see Alan. Trying to help Charlie allows Alan to escape his own crushing realities, but in part he only makes him more acute. <br /> <br /> Cheadle and Sandler make a weird couple, but it does not matter because it's so convincing that both could need each other. Charlie is desperate for the companionship of a friend who has never known his family. To escape his loss, he pretends he never has one. And what if Charlie slept and slept naked as a roommate and had a terrible taste in music (not a Motown)? Alan wants an escape from his tidy, scattered life. He is not only under the thumb of his wife, but also among his dental partners who accuse him of having set up the practice. By the way, they are white and he is black. <br /> <br /> There is also the lustful patient from hell who seriously disrupts things in the dental office, but looks different when Charlie comes along and realizes that she's a baby. His libido seems to lurk to revive every minute. He also pulls the chest of Liv Tyler, a psychotherapist in the same building as the dentists who try to treat Charlie when he admits he might need help. Sandler's crazy scenes are a bit too theatrical. As with many plotter devices (in fact, this film feels more like a game at more than one point), it has several monologues in which it expresses its grief in a deeply moving manner. Charlie is not only insane and sad, but dangerous and violent and all these efforts to help him shoot backwards. The film is admirable in the way it conveys that people can not be done right. This is an interesting film - sometimes a touching one - and it is the first time 9/11 has been dealt with survivors suffering. But there is an element of comedy that sometimes seems distasteful, many people are too broad, and the oversized Hollywood interiors have a terrible decor. Only the streets of Manhattan look real. There is a scene in the courtroom that is absurd, and Donald Sutherland is a judge too good to be true. Alan's family problem is easily solved by a phone call. And yet it pays to pay attention to acting - the control and subtlety of Cheadle and Sandler in a serious role that is almost as good as the one he had in P.T. Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love from 2002, though this is clearly a better movie, is actually a much better one.
