I did not really go into "Reign Over Me" and knew exactly what to expect from the director or the story. The plot was easy to understand, I suppose. The whole family of this man died on September 11, and he banishes the world from his life. Alright. I did not know if he would use the attachment of terrorism as a platform to talk about these or other related issues, and it's really not on a very obvious level, so if you're afraid to be surrounded by political views, that may differ from yours, I would not worry. I think the letter even made it clear that he did not explicitly mention "September 11". <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor and is very sharp, but it is definitely a drama where it counts. Usually I do not like to think that comedic actors are not really acting, but sometimes, let's face it, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of that (and although I think you might disagree, Jim Carrey is also very rounded .. sometimes). Sandler's portrayal of Charlie Fineman took on a character that appears completely unreal on the surface and makes it absolutely believable. I have read many reviews criticizing the writing of Alan Johnson's (Don Cheadle in another distinguished role, though not one that resembles some of his more recent paintings). Woman well played by Jada Pinkett Smith and calls her static and boring, but that's completely wrong. <br /> <br /> It has depth, but part of it is hidden behind the main story that occasionally comes into focus. (This is also reminiscent of some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the film, with a strange "disappearing from focus"). After about 40 minutes they will not be used anymore. Maybe it matters to the look of the characters. artistically, or maybe they just realized how irritating it was.) The film is beginning to reveal to us the point (one of several, but definitely most explicit) of the story, which is that people sometimes have to deal with grief Path. Maybe it seems unorthodox to us, maybe downright unhealthy, but maybe some people just want to forget more than anything else. To exist only The soundtrack of the films was excellent and he used music to track and amplify moods rather than establishing them, which acknowledges the actors and authors. <br /> <br /> The film takes its name from the song "Love, Reign O'er Me" from Whooper's rock opera Quadrophenia. The song itself is rather insignificant for the actual story, but it is used powerfully during the climax and end of the movie. The movie is going well and does not feel like it's pulling anywhere in its length, which is just over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's portrayal of this deeply broken and broken man, you will enjoy the movie. You will become involved in the story, and you will perceive the characters every minute. It's not the best movie of the year, and it's nothing groundbreaking or positively amazing, but it's a very enjoyable, watchable movie, all in all.
