On September 11, 2001, millions of people were killed. but 2,819 lives ended in a particularly cruel way. They were the victims of a hijacking by extremists whose sole purpose was to destroy buildings, but especially humans. This film deals in detail with four people whose lives were interrupted by this catastrophic event and a man whose life was destroyed by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist based in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 on their way to Los Angeles. Eventually annihilated by the events, he finally loses contact with anyone who reminds him of his past life. including his in-laws and best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). He completely goes into denial and does his best to forget his past life. This continues until he meets his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle), whom Fineman does not seem to remember. The two begin to catch up, but Fineman believes that Johnson was sent by people from his previous life to convince him to seek help. Slowly but surely, Fineman regains his confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is going the wrong way. He is a self-employed person (dentist) who helps with a dental practice. One day a patient tries to attack his name Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) and tells him that she would like to do oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson, since he is a married man with two children. As he comes home from work on a certain working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to knock him down. He is unsuccessful, but he gets another chance and persuades Fineman to get coffee with him, although Fineman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is the use of music as a theme. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Fineman is asked to inform himself about his past or to talk about things that he finds unpleasant, he puts on his headphones and drowns out the world with things of his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I had I think: how would I cope with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such tragic events? It's something we do not think about often. We always think they will be there, and we often take them for granted, regardless of whether we intend to do so or not. We usually know how important they are when it's too late. and such a blow can physically, emotionally and physiologically destroy someone. I really do not know how to deal with something like that. Would I face the problem, cope with life, carry on with my life, or just put on the headphones and block the world?
