As someone who never belittled Adam Sandler in terms of talent, as he and many comic actors like him did, I came to Reign Over Me and expected a great movie, not just because of his presence in the movie, but because of me thought that it looked very good overall. Even someone who already thought that Sandler could deliver an effective dramatic performance writes here that I was surprised at how awesome he is in it. He will make you cry, especially in his deliberately unexpected and unexpected monologue. The amazing thing about his role is that it's a character we've seen hard. We have seen many emotionally scarred characters, many mentally retarded people, many loners, many passionate, selfish artists. He may have a taste of each of them, but his character is truly unpredictable and completely individual. It is a pleasure for the audience to be emotionally drawn in by it and to be drawn in all directions by someone whose problems, mindset and provocations are completely different from most characters like him. Don Cheadle delivers an interesting supply of performance at a completely different level. He is every man. He's the most normal person in the world, so much so that you'll hardly find any characters like him or at least the way Alan Johnson is played, whose name is even on the assembly line. Cheadle is brilliant because he's funny, jerky, smart, and stupid, as many normal people are. The rest of the cast is populated by actors and actresses who have barely done anything in smaller but quite colorful roles for some time. Jada Pinkett-Smith is the most refined upper middle-class woman, Donald Sutherland is the impatient but surprising judge, Robert Klein is Sandler's faded father-in-law. Mike Binder's script is brilliant because it says something very deep about the wonders of communication in all its forms. It is much more subtle than, say, Babel, and has a much closer home ideal. <br /> <br /> The camera is only interested in the reality of their pictures as opposed to mere style. This film seemed like a kind of review of the sink style of the 70s. The cinematography was grainy and unattached, but that was its charm. It was not about caring about the camera itself, and about the glitter that would have diluted their stories with such stories. <br /> <br /> The music that plays a major role in the movie and the title are very important powerful At the beginning you feel like you have a different kind of soundtrack from About Schmidt or Little Miss Sunshine, but you will quickly realize that you are expecting more than that. In fact, the movie is filled with a lot of music that stimulates many of the most emotional scenes. Reign Over Me is an important statement not only for the society, but also for the film. It turns out that even the director of Blankman can do wonders.
