It seems Hollywood's comedic actors are always surprising me with their talent as dramatic performers: first it was Robin Williams (One Hour Photo (2002)), then Jim Carrey (Eternal Sunshine?). (2004) 'an example}, then Will Ferrell {Stranger than Fiction (2006)} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely right: the guy who has a whole career based on making mindless comedies. I am not complaining; I've always been a fan.} Finally gave me a performance he can be proud of. Of course, some readers wonder what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)", but I can only assure you that this is a movie that I am currently seeing as quickly as possible since I heard it was great. My first film by director Mike Binder, "Reign Over Me," is an intelligent and respectful exploration of grief and friendship. Although it occasionally drifts into too familiar terrain, the somewhat predictable plot turns out to be surprisingly deep and moving, with both Sandler and Don Cheadle performing memorable. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he is unable to communicate properly with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), and his marriage is therefore a bit shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former college roommate, a man who lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and is still confronted with overwhelming grief. Charlie is a disheveled figure with messy hair and downcast eyes (often like Bob Dylan). Charlie has given up his dentistry career and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that cut off all the sound of the outside world, driving around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games and always decorating his eat-in kitchen again after the last wishes of his deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie meet again for the first time in years, he does not even recognize an old friend who has not given up any memories of his life-crippling experience. In fact, he does not even acknowledge the existence of his family and abruptly loses his patience when someone suggests that he seeks advice. <br /> <br /> At first, it seems a little exploitative for the filmmakers to use the September 11 attacks as a storytelling device. Would not it be just as devastating if Charlie's family died in a normal car accident? However, if you feel that the director's intention was to demonstrate the tremendous pain inflicted on the citizens by the tragedy, then "Reign Over Me" is a very good job. It's easy to get caught up in meaningless statistics by neglecting the emotional costs of terrorist attacks. This is the first 9/11 oriented movie I have ever seen. He was really concerned with the suffering of those who were not even involved and whose only fear was losing those they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising range in a difficult role that would have been shattered if he was not up to the task. Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can deeply sympathize. He is a hollow soul who, thanks to an old friend, can finally see light at the end of a dark, gloomy tunnel.
