There could be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who has lost his family in a tragedy (the September 11 terrorist attacks), is still worried about her death. He meets his former college roommate Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and the two spark their friendship. Alan swears to help his old friend cope with the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> However, this film is a story about how fate intervenes in our lives when we are powerless ourselves and do something about our own states of being. Alan is stuck in a life he knows is no longer fulfilled. He feels without friends and without contact with his own reality. He can not communicate with his wife and staff at work. He can not express his feelings and feels lost and far from his own world. He meets Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while he leaves his job. Finally, he meets and discovers that Charlie (who does not initially remember Alan) lives in a false reality. Charlie has returned to a time when he had no family. He lives as if he were still a student in a rock band, collected records of the 60s and 70s bands and played video games. He has fled to a better and safer time in his life, when there are no bad guys and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is somehow affected by the tragedy that influenced Charlie and his edict to a previously different and better place (?). His landlady is his protector and great enabler. His parents-in-law are being divorced from his life because they would bring him back to the point where his family has now disappeared from his life. And Alan is hardest hit by him because Alan (in a selfish desire to escape his own reality) wants to be with Charlie to break away from his own crushed reality, and then he wants to find a way to help Charlie, to recover from his self-inflicted guilt and refusal to lose. Not only does Charlie begin to heal himself through this relationship, but Alan actually learns to communicate and satisfy his true desires with his colleagues at work, and finally confesses to his wife that he could not have his true feelings to pass on to her, but he desperately wants it because he loves her. It is indeed a poignant moment in the movie where the stuff has hit the fan and Charlie is confronted with the reality that he and Alan are talking about the situation under "Chinese" Charlie is in he is worried about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This movie will guide you, if you let him through, through a flow of emotions and make you think. They will laugh at how Charlie uses his words, as people in everyday life really do to make a weird statement about a real situation. It will leave you at the verge of tears (in my case actual tears) when Charlie confronts his grief and begins to face his enormous loss. And indeed, the tragic reality is his fault, and the loss has never really left him, and he acted in the only way he knew: denial. It will lead you to the curse of the cold, unthinkable actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I did in Charlie's hearing!). And you will smile at the common sense of an old and wise strict judge (Donald Sutherland, who is great in his short, distinctive role and the best performance of a wise, strict person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley became a deputy attorney general in the absence of Malice played) film was amazing for me for some other reasons as well: (1) I never looked at my watch during the movie screening. Which means that it had me from beginning to end, (2) Although the cast was intercultural, this fact was not important for playing the characters' roles in the film. The race did not matter for the performance of the roles in this film. Amazing people can actually interact with this fact that is brought out! and (3) the only real clue to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial lawyer refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what Charlie has become on 9/12." Time will be the true test of how this film will attract attention in the future, but if the purpose of a movie is not to talk, but to make you think and let the movie stay with you long after you leave the theater, then Reign Over Me I succeeded phenomenally. I have not forgotten this wonderful movie for thought yet and I will wait impatiently for the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
