Reign Over Me is a success due to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedic actors who go dramatically are seen as a bit of a distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he portrays have an unstable temper and a vulnerability that can burst at any time. He could even be typed for characters with such hidden annoying issues. However, this performance has a considerable dramatic weight, in contrast to his roles in less funny stuff like punch-drunk love and spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) meets his old college roommate Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie suffered the loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie hardly recognizes Cheadle's character due to the suppression of his memories and the resulting retarded childhood life since the accident. Only when Alan insists on engaging him does Charlie remember who he is. Her renewed relationship that follows will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, and eventually enable him to counter the thoughts and feelings he suppressed on his own terms Mike Binder does not make much sense for an individual style and some of its settings and transitions are somewhat awkward. He has a talent for getting decent performance from his actors while being a talented and funny author. He filmed this film with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers are doing nowadays, and allowed the crew to capture the night scenes with limited light. This focused on the colorful backgrounds of New York City, but resulted in frequent digital grain being created, resembling the bruises that are scattered and moving on the screen. <br /> <br /> Nearly every main character in Reign Over Me is great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their respective roles as a frustrated wife of Cheadle's character and psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who deliver some of their best work to date. They owned this movie completely. Sandler actually plays a character who does not look like him or behave himself, which is partly due to his Bob Dylan Esquire wig. Although Cheadle's character has more screen time than Sandler, both should be considered leading roles as they equally support and help throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays a big role in this film. especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the film's most powerful moments, Binder shows how Sandler excludes his feelings and memories with music, but this particular song evokes such intense emotion that it does not diminish his anger, but rather stimulates his emotions. All in all, Reign Over Me is a pleasing, sad and yet often funny movie driven by its amazing excellence.
