Love hurts. I think that's the main message that brings Mike Binder's latest movie, Reign Over Me. Whether this love has caused your relationship to stagnate, or if you have been having trouble with humans for years, cheating on you, or breaking your heart until you can open yourself to the world. Love Hurts. The great thing about this film, however, is not the portrayal of those lost souls who tried to let go of their former heartbreakers, but in the eventual renewal of new ties for the future. Nobody in this drama is perfect; They are all emotionally trapped to some degree in relationships that they can not free themselves from. There's heavy topic material here, and I owe Binder that he never made history into a political argument, but instead pervaded the serious moments with truly beautiful, comedic pieces that made history possible, characteristic of the epic and to stay small event that stands over head. What could have become a banal vehicle for opinions on how September 11 has affected us all is at the end a story about two men and a connection they share. This is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and regret. <br /> This is a new career achievement for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see the childish, pent-up rage in his stupid comedies as something to be used dramatically. The youthfulness of a character like Billy Madison allows laughter and potty humor, but can also be used to show a repressed, shy, and restless man in the world around him - a self-reliant man who needs empathy to break him from his shell. Anderson did just that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love, and Mike Binder took it one step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that had torn down the World Trade Center on September 11. This moment destroyed every life he had, and as a result, he was withdrawn and began to believe that he could not remember anything that happened before that day. He really provides a moving portrait of a man trying to sustain the charade in his head, while those around him, those who love him, try to open him up to the reality of what has happened and what the future holds , Always on the alert and always ready, every moment that something is mentioned to awaken the memory of his deceased family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones and locks everything out to be tempted, to remember. <br /> <br Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, it's about the dentist and family man Alan Johnson. Johnson is a man who has been caught in a marriage and a dental practice, both stagnant in monotony. He needs as much help in his life as his former college roommate Charlie. Perfectly played by the ever brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson has lost his backbone to change his life. He has no friends and when he accidentally sees Charlie one day, his life becomes something he has not experienced in 15 years. He enjoys the chance to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed since the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to go back to the college days of hanging out and Sandlers does not mind, because that was all before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and, despite the years of loneliness that dominated their lives, get closer. However, as soon as they open, it is inevitable that the theme of the tragedy picks up and tests the façade they have designed for themselves. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast does amazing work and helps to make the appearance for the two leads. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who has impressed me. She played with the hard woman all the time, but it was her last scene on the phone with Cheadle that really showed me something different and right. Liv Tyler is a bit out of her element as a psychiatrist, but the movie challenges her to do the wrong casting. The many little cameos are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's best friend and accountant. considering it's his movie) Last but not least are the beautiful saffron buildings. She is a great actress and plays the enamored marriage that tries to make her life wonderful again. A role that seems strange at first glance but is ultimately an essential aspect of what is coming. <br /> <br /> Binder has created one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen in a long time. The direction is almost flawless (the blurring between cuts and characters in the foreground / background really annoyed me at first), the acting excellent and the story for yourself, never to go the easy way or neatly wrap tied bow at the end. Even the music was fantastic and served to improve us, not to us emotionally (which is why Binder, after two great uses of The Who's title track, felt the need to use the inferior Eddie Veddar remake for the end, I do not know but unfortunately it failed for me). Reign Over Me is a film about love and how, though it can cause the worst pain, it can save us from regret and see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
