This film was screened last night at the Austin Paramount Theater as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were greeted by the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who asked questions from the audience after the film. It's a remarkable and powerful movie about what it's like to lose yourself and find your way back. The performances are phenomenal and history manages to be tragic and funny in too rare a way. (The trailer to the film tries a little too hard to highlight the comedic aspects.) <br /> <br /> This is an erupting role for Adam Sandler. While he has gone on to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination, as he continues to move to more dramatic roles like Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In that role, he seemed to be trying to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although an autistic man is certainly very different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters are trapped in their own world of childish isolation and confusion for a variety of reasons. Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as good. After the Hotel Rwanda and Crash we expect remarkable nuanced services from Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through in this role. But he too is broken and fighting, if not so profoundly as Sandler's character. Cheadle has difficulties with his marriage and professional life as a dentist. Cheadle and Sandler's characters fight together to heal each other the way real friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They are both looking for the part of themselves they have lost and trying to find again. Reign over Me is one of the best big studio films released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the storyline, is wonderful. Filming on the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and had to heal itself - is also very nice. The supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are all pretty good. <br /> <br /> Author / Director Mike Binder has really played a good role in history, which can connect so many on many levels. This is a story about grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. Lord about me does not disappoint. The movie is almost hypnotic as it draws you into the lives of its characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if it turned character-based charming films like Reign over Me.
