Everyone surely knows the most famous stories? A heartless businessman is visited on Christmas Eve by the mind of his dead partner and warns that, if he continues in his careless manner, he is condemned to a life in chains. In order to avoid the fate of his partner, three spirits visit him, showing him visions of past, present and future Christmases, so that, hopefully, he can recognize the error of his ways before it is too late. A rather morbid story, you might think, but it's the classic Charles Dickens and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the final version of Dickens' timeless story; I remember that I have always seen it at school, and I remember being very scared. The spirit of Jacob Marley, the last scene with the spirit of the Christmas present under the bridge and the spirit of Christmas still to come, I found particularly scary. How on earth did the film get the "U" certificate? (For non-British readers, 'U' is the lowest classification, meaning family friendly and children welcome, nothing to scare them, etc.) However, this is certainly not the case, as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the last segment scary with the grim, reaper ghost of the Christmas future. Anyway, of the many versions of this classic story that I've adapted for the movie, this may be the most faithful of the book. Most notable is a segment that is rarely seen in original documentaries - that of the Christmas spirit in which Scrooge shows the two children hidden under his robe (with such a scene, you never come back!) Children are ignorance and need (although changed in Want in this movie). <br /> <br /> Criticisms become clear to me, however, after seeing them again with more objective and trained eyes, of which George C. is the most important. Scott's portrayal of Scrooge just does not seem to be cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use the word funny because Ebeneezer is of course everything else, but he just seems to be just a grumpy old man, not the positively unfriendly, cold and indifferent man who's in the book and in other movies. Patrick Stewart portrayed him excellently in one of the latest versions, and Michael Caine was positively cold despite his involvement alongside the Muppets. Moreover, as the film progresses, as the character learns about the errors of its ways and grows to salvation, the character's development is unconvincing and inconsistent. It seems he has barely changed until he has reached the last lesson of the third mind. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this (though serious) nullity is still a fascinating and heart-warming Christmas story. Christmas movies should be. Of course, London looks like the perfect quaint, picturesque, snow-capped English city that many Americans probably still think of (the truth is that even then London was dingy and dirty and snow would never have been so white!) And so is everyone dressed so impeccably, even the poor people look quite elegant. But of course it's a Christmas movie, why should not everything look good? Perfect display of the holiday season; paired with copies of It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle at 34th Street and The Snowman and you have everything you need.
