This modern film noir with unconventional humor and a dizzying sequence of storyline delivers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great entertainment from start to finish. It's impossible not to put oneself in the honest, inconspicuous heroes, or get trapped by the ways he tries to pull himself out of the terrible predicaments he's in, so you can just put on the seatbelt and enjoy riding , <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary man who makes a bad decision and then finds out that the repercussions drive him into an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he can not escape is pure film noir. The same applies to the themes of murder, deceit, corruption and duplicity, which are universal. Many of the well-known Noir motifs are also available, such. For example, the manner in which cigarette smoke is ignited dries the streets with rain at night, the heavily shaded interiors, and the shadow lines (created by louver doors) over the faces of the people. <BR /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded war veteran with no money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming, and is falsely mistaken for a batsman by owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) has hired to assassinate his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, an inherently restrained person, does not discourage Wayne from misunderstanding, especially since he might be able to take a job and initially fail to recognize what is expected of him. After being told what his mission is and a $ 5,000 advance, he goes to Suzanne and warns her about Wayne's plan. She does not appear to be overly concerned about the danger she is in and offers Michael the double fee Wayne offered to drop her husband and leave the city. His plan fails, however, when he accidentally encounters a man in the middle of the street and decides to take him to the hospital for treatment of his injuries. In the hospital things get complicated when it turns out that the patient is Suzanne's lover and he has two bullets in his stomach. As a result, local law enforcement agencies are involved and the revelation that Wayne is the sheriff !! From this point on things get even more complicated and decidedly more dangerous, especially when the real hit Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) enters the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has great qualities of moments of suspense (an example of this is the scene where Michael escapes from Wayne's Bar) and also some great performances from his very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's utterances are extremely natural and convincing as he responds to a variety of situations of fear, surprise or uncertainty. J T Walsh is also particularly good as a deceitful character, who always obscures more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is extremely threatening because the devilish assassin (a role he plays with great zeal) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks quite cool and calculating like the Femme Fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and moments of humor in his cameo role as a discreet truck driver. Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally intended to deny a general cinema release, but was rightly rejected, emerged from its humble beginnings, to eventually be recognized as the great movie it really is.
