Red Rock West is one of those tight noir thrillers we rarely see anymore. It is well done, well traded and does not leave us with loose ends or unanswered questions that are so typical in this genre. Nicolas Cage plays the lead role as Michael, an unemployed Texas robber who is desperate enough for a job all the way to Wyoming for a potential job. He is honest with a mistake, but always on the dark side of fate. After receiving no gainful employment, Michael stumbled into the Red Rock Bar, where owner Wayne (JTWalsh) took him for a guilty conscience, whom he had called from Dallas to meet him in his lovable but deadly wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Wayne gives Michael the necessary details and a down payment for the slap on the adulteress Suzie. Without any intention to pursue it, Michael accepts the money and sets out to warn Suzanne of their impending demise. He also sends a letter to the local sheriff, who reveals the plot, and splits. <br /> <br /> As fate requires, Michael will not easily get rid of the situation. When he starts in a heavy rain, he runs down Suzanne's lover. Of course, Michael is Michael and takes him to the hospital where he discovers that he too has been shot. The sheriff is called and, as luck would have it, Wayne is also the local law. Michael manages to escape while being taken on the last ride and is then picked up by the real "Lyle from Dallas", who is played with murderous joy by Dennis Hopper. After discovering that they are marines, Lyle insists that Michael go with him to a drink at the Red Rock Bar. There Wayne recognizes his mistake and soon he and Lyle are on the hunt for Michael, who voluntarily plunges into Suzanne's waiting arms. <br /> <br /> As the pace increases, we learn that Wayne and Suzanne's really wanted robbers are the Lam for a theft of several million dollars. Getting the money now, with a series of betrayals, double crosses and murders is the focus of the film. <br /> <br /> The movie was very well staffed. Nicolas Cage was generally aloof, with Dennis Hopper and Lara Flynn Bolye taking over their respective roles with more than adequate skills. The best performance was achieved by the late J.T. Walsh, who was threatening to be without it. Walsh was a great character actor who left us way too soon. <br /> <br /> The photography of Marc Reshoskys used many unique angles that supported the tension and development of the plot. The film was further enhanced by John Dahl's tight film style and Morris Chestnut's Rapid Fire Editing.
