From the directors "Last Seduction" and "Kill me again" is another film in the Noir style. John Dahl created a niche by making adultery films that were blackmailed in the early 1990s. However, I did not have much opinion on the last seduction. Today, however, Mr. Dahl has directed television programs. His shame, since the man had talent. *** SPOILERS ** This is a pretty impressive movie that revolves around a Drifter Cage in the city of Wyoming for a job. However, he has no luck and is mistaken by the bar owner J.T Walsh for a Hitman from Texas. He is given the task of killing his wife (Boyle). But Cage decides to split up after paying the advance without doing so. On the way out of town, he accidentally meets a man on the street, whom he then returns to the local hospital. At this point, Cage accidentally meets Walsh again, who also appears to be the local sheriff. Cage then flees from his clutches, but hits the real hit man who happens to be Dennis Hopper. John Dahl co-wrote and directed this film. It turns out that a project can become decent when a director brings his thoughts to the screen. The direction is of good standard, but as I watched the movie, I got a feel for the TV movie. There were too many close-ups. But this does not stop the movie from being a pleasurable experience. The movie had a good pace and the structure was perfect. Dahl has written the script with a good length. Cage has realistically portrayed the role as a drifter, although his performance seemed a little reserved. His expressions were fine. Lara Flynn Boyle was hot and handled her role perfectly as Femme Fatale. Her hairstyle was far out and can make any guy fall to their knees. Hopper played his part well. But I feel like he was wrong for that role. He did not convince me that he had the qualities of a batsman. The role was not written in terms of his personality. <br /> <br /> Looking at it, you get deja vu from previous films like "The Hot Spot" and "A Perfect Murder". Due to the fact that some subdiagrams are similar. All in all, if you're a fan of noir movies, this one is for you. Recommended. 10.7
