What we have here is a damn good little '90s thriller that, while lacking in substance, still offers great entertainment throughout the run, and overall does everything you could want from a movie of its kind. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a highly underrated director behind big thrillers like The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I figured that if this movie matched what I've already seen from the director, it's worth taking a look - and Red Rock West is certainly a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the all too moral Michael; A man travels across America looking for work. He finds it one day when he meets a bar in Red Rock County - the only catch is that it's up to him to assassinate a man's wife. He was considered a murderer named Lyle, but instead of getting the job done; He plays both sides against each other and finally plans a short break. His attempts to escape, however, are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a dire situation when the real Lyle shows up ... John Dahl seems to enjoy putting thrillers on the street; He did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again and almost a decade later from this movie with Roadkill. It's not hard to see why Dahl chooses this kind of location because it gives a thriller like this a fantastic atmosphere. Dahl also gives his film a "film noir" -like atmosphere, as the plot is primarily focused on the central character and the word he dives into is full of dark and mysterious characters. Acting is on the whole very good. Nicholas Cage does an excellent job in the lead role and is described by Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; who once again dominates the screen with his outstanding performance. It must be said that the second half of the film is not as gripping as the first one, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring and the way Dahl arranges the grand finale is excellent as all the central characters play a role a part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie you probably will not regret. It's exciting everywhere and you can not ask for much more than that!
