Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest movie studio in the world. Although it has been producing films and television programs since the 1930s, its golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when it produced a series of comedy masterpieces, many of which starred with the great Alec Guinness. These well-known titles include Whiskey Galore (1949), Pimlico Pass (1949), Child Hearts and Coronets (1949), The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) and The Ladykillers (1955). One of Ealing Studio's most popular films, "The Man in a White Suit," was released in 1951 and played Alec Guinness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who develops a remarkable fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unappreciated, but he has a great deal of scientific talent, and because of his underqualification, the only jobs he can get are as a janitor or a worker in one of the big textile mills He secretly carries out his own experiments with the company's money and equipment, and after being found and ejected countless times, Sidney is convinced that he is only a few weeks away from a significant change scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), owner of the textile factory, is very interested in Sidney's exploits and agrees to fund the further work. After many failed attempts and a few earthquake explosions, Sidney finally reveals his amazing creation: a nearly glowing white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought that this was his invention, make him a hero, he was very disappointed. The all-powerful heads of the textile industry, led by the weak Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), are teaming to ensure that the revolutionary invention that could completely disrupt their businesses never goes into mass production. Similarly, the modest workers in the workers' union hear about Sidney's founding and start to cut them out of existence for fear of their jobs. However, the inventor is convinced that the permanent fabric will bring much relief and happiness, and refuses to yield to the demands of others, although it is threatened by violence and has offered $ 250,000 in compensation. With all of its difficulties in communicating its invention to the media, only one person offers Sidney her full sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who is engaged to be married to someone else but still falls in love with Sidney's plight. <br /> <The Man in a White Suit "is a clever and funny comedy made great by a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a quirky and charismatic performance of an inimitable Alec Guinness , There are also some good-natured strikes on capitalism and how big industries can slow down progress because of their own currency situation, though we can certainly see the arguments for both sides of the debate.
