In my opinion the best of the Ealing comedies and one of my favorite movies of all time. The theme "Workers v. Management" (with lots of talk about trade unions and rights) may have dated the movie a bit, because it's not an issue that gets discussed that much, but that does not stop White Suit from Being a Show That Stops Classics <br/> <br /> The story of a man trying to create a revolutionary new fabric that upsets the textile industry does not sound exciting when written down, but the Film retains this essential spark of fantasy. With reality, this is a real Ealing comedy. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear out! The white title suit that Alec Guinness wears in the second half becomes the centerpiece of several iconic images and sequences. So Guinness can climb a sheer wall with his indestructible thread! The script itself is full of dry wit - "Is he alright?" "Yes." "Pity." - and characterization is first class. I am always amazed at the wonderful direction in these films. Comedies of later eras would adopt the attitude of "directing the camera at the actors and letting them roll" mentality, but the Ealing films always attempted to try interesting light and angle effects and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course it's the cast that takes the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness offers a fantastically unobtrusive performance with eyes that convey wonder, joy and defeat when the story demands it. Stratton is a man who knows nothing but his job. Such an insular character could have quickly become boring or irritating, but Guinness effortlessly makes him so sympathetic that the final stages of the film create a real urgency when Stratton is at the forefront in a world that wants to bury everything. He has always worked for , Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute delight to watch as usual, as well as the bewildered Cecil Parker and the slimy Michael Gough; Everyone laughs without trying. It's funny British understatement at its best. <br /> <br /> "The Man in a White Suit" is 81 minutes of brilliant brilliance, with a great storyline, great cast, tangy joke and healthy bells and whistles. Absolutely first class.
