One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so funny is the clever editing. Recordings that are absolutely essential for most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This was what was known as British understatement.) Three cases: A comic fight is handled as follows. Alec Guiness has invented a new cloth that will ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to his office to get him to sign a contract that will relinquish his control of the cloth so that production can be suppressed. When he stops, Guiness gets up and walks to the door. Two men bar his way. "Sorry," he says quietly, taking a step forward. The two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting outside at her desk. There is silence until the buzzer signals it hectically. She picks up her notebook and opens the door to the inner office, where a loud Donnybrook is in full swing and the room is half destroyed. Guiness storms out the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention, Guiness sets up a sophisticated chemical device, but instead of transforming the experimental fluid into the new cloth, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab is free of all other work. The explosions continue. The blankets are falling down. Windows are blown out. The research leader sits at his desk in a tiny office full of rubble and a bandage on his head. When the door opens behind him, he jumps a foot in the air. "Sit down," he tells his visitor, "there is another one at any one time." It is painfully amusing - and there are no explosions. Without a fireball, that would be unthinkable, and maybe a building collapses in slow motion. Last example, consisting of a series of fast, unyielding cuts, precisely composed. Guiness is persecuted and cornered in the lobby of an office building by people who want to sign the contract. Guiness faces two men who just want to deal with him. He bumps into a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust falls backwards and hits the wall. There is a shot that lasts about a second of the bust on the wall. Another short shot of a metal shield hung over the bust, was struck loose and fell down. Quick cut to Guiness's head rising into the frame. Cut to the two men staring at the camera while terrible brass banging and dull noises are heard from the screen. Cut on guiness flat on the back. No one today would have the Kojones to NOT show that Guinness is crowned by this shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue with this. It's a comedy, but a pretty bitter one among all the joy. Guiness has created dozens of others to solve a number of problems. He is confronted by both the management and the workforce, both of whom are not very beneficial. And of course, the economic effects are more than just stuff. "What about the car driving on the water with a pinch of something else?" one of the workers asks. "Interested interests," another worker comments while Thorstein Veblen nods in the grave. What would happen if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I have Exxon stock - and I think so - I would shudder at the thought. Where would the oil industry be if no oil were needed anymore? Where would the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and very amusing movie, excellently directed and edited. The list of artists is incomparable. Joanne Greenwood in that hoarse voice. The bubbling Cecil Parker. Panting mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A first-class job.
