THE MAN IN A WHITE SUIT, AS I JACK ALL RIGHTS, views work and capital in a weak perspective. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he never received his university degree due to a ... um ... accident in a college lab). He succeeds in going to various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the movie starts, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (in a memorable moment) tries to impress his budding father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the shipping company he leads. During lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message regarding some issues regarding the lab's unexpectedly large budget problems. He reads the enormous expenses (due to Guinness' experiments) and stifles his coffee. <br/> <br/> Guinness continues to work in Parker's company and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough - but Parker also discovers it. Greenwood has discovered what Guinness is working on, and persuades Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently figured out how to make a synthetic fiber that can constantly alter the electronic bonds within their molecular structure, leaving the fiber (in every aspect) forever in tact. Any fabric made from it will never fade, get dirty or wear out - it will take forever. Guinness is supported by a female shop steward, but not by her boss. He sees Guinness as a clearance sale to the rich. When he explains what he has done, they turn against him. If you have all the clothes that last forever you will not need new clothes! Soon Parkers' textile colleagues (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a wonderful performance, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are also in a panic, which could end their business. They try to suppress the invention. Only Greenwood in his corner (though Parker somehow sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to make the news of his discovery available to the public. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness is defeated by both science and greed. But he ends the film and sees the mistake in his calculations, and we suspect that one day he may still make his discovery. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for oppression valid? At one point, the difficulties in making the fabric are shown (you need to heat the threads to a high temperature so that the ends of the material can actually be joined.) There is nothing to suggest that the fabric stretches when the owner Fat gets (or) contract when the owner gets thin). Should we believe that people always want to have only one set of garments? What happened to fashion changes and new styles? And the cloth is made only in the color white (which makes Guinness look like a white knight.) We are told that dye would have to be added earlier, would it affect the chemical reactions that sustain the structure of the textile? Unfortunately, this is not the case of a scientific paper, but a film about the hypocrisy of work and capital in modern industry, as such, it is brilliant, but these questions, which I mention, always bother me again about whether the invention of Guinness can be suppressed
