"Deliverance" is an absolute example of what wonderful films from the 70s came to be. Are you really holy while your jaw drops down during a "Terminator" movie? I do not think so, because you're here to see which new CGIs are lined up - Plot does not count. <br /> <br /> So many everyday situations can be frightening for no reason, because there are so many people involved in daily life - like a trip to the market ... or a walk down a dimly lit street. "Liberation" is so scary because these innocent actions in a heartbeat can become deadly. Venturing into the backwoods is fun? Anyone who has this idea does not read the newspapers or the daily news, nor has he seen other films that show the seriousness of "penetrating" into areas where outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the presentation on "Deliverance" did not inform almost everyone that this was not a picnic and that "squeak like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <I hate the term "hillbillies" because, as some "users" have written, whole regions are discouraged by people who are very happy to live as they know - without the intervention of modern life. Much is made of "inbreeding" - this is not a sexuality inherent in the backwoods. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. However, city dwellers are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give them an attitude. I know many "Hillbillies" - they are moral people when they are left to their own devices. Their "justice" can be brutal if they feel threatened or humiliated, just like the "justice" in the streets of the city. You do not need any part of the city - the city should bring canoeing and camping to legal places. <br /> <br /> "Liberation" was the last movie in which I found Jon Voight playing a real role - I hope I'm wrong. He was extremely underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but he showed that he could perform that role in the blink of an eye. His play in "Liberation" was outstanding. It gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains if necessary - but who wants to be considered "ordinary" today? His stifled sobs at dinner were brilliant. Impressive! for Burt Reynolds !!! One has to ask, what has led him into these other sticky films? His masculinity, though misguided, set the pace in this film for the stamina needed to emerge from the wild - not just in the backwoods, but in the wilderness of everyday life. Ned Beatty was outstanding - his underwear might not have been sewn with "Versace", but his shell-shocked performance was perfect. As mentioned earlier, at the end of the film, he became stronger than anyone else in the group. Ronny Cox played the moral man to the limit - every man should have his determination to do the right thing. Several "users" have theorized that he was shot or lost his balance when he fell into the river. My theory is that he was so disgusted by the entire trip that he committed suicide. There was no shot during the scene and Voight and Beatty did not find a wound. Certainly James Dicey knows how to create an exciting story, and was great as a sheriff - he's said he was so scared He came drunk to the set every day. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but also knew that they had no chance against a local jury, no matter how friendly they were treated in "Aintry". He was also aware that the locals could be mean. Justice? - "Do not come back here". Not many "users" knew that "hillbillies" were used in the film wherever possible - which actors could better portray them? The "miners" were actually miners ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play in it. Better "fight for life" in. I have experienced some almost dangerous incidents and am content to live outside the fight. You guys, who feel like your masculinity is raging, can do my part. <br /> <br /> That we have undeniably killed - and continue to do - absolutely irreplaceable areas of this country. Being able to see its size on all media is intriguing, but it leaves a bitter taste when you know that some do not care. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it's built right into the Wildlife Territories and firmly believes that humans come before animals. These are their rightful habitats - we should just leave them like that. No wonder why coyotes, bears and wolves roam in neighborhoods? They belong to them. <br /> <br /> In a less threatening way, we all need to learn the lessons we can learn from "liberation" - understanding our technological advances does not lead to superiority. I thank all those city dwellers who have gone into the wild to produce this modern classic so that it can scare me at the sight. You can risk it - I'm staying with the TV. 30 out of 10 points.
