Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 horror movie / thriller film about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty, and Ronnie Cox) on a canoe trip along the Cahulawassee River before the river is dammed. On the way the men pass a raft (no pun) with unpleasant things. Despite the unpleasant events in this picture, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river. The location was really good. In fact, this would still be a very nice movie if the canoe ride went smoothly. The lush forests and rolling countryside make the horror even more terrifying. The location is not only beautiful, but thanks to the cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond also beautiful. It has been said that Burt Reynold's performance as outdoor manager Lewis is the lead in this film. However, I think that Jon Voight steals the show with his role as a suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior in order to survive. In fact, the scene where the cliff climbs was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. To reduce costs, the filming was uninsured and the actors performed their own stunts. The soundtrack is especially noteworthy. The performances of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence are one of the most impressive soundtracks in the history of cinema due to the intensity of their performance. In some other parts of the movie we are spoiled with more gentle banjo music that accompanies the ride on the river very pleasantly. For all the good points of this movie, I found that it lacks some purpose. It does not build up tension and it's not really as cruel as we've believed. The plot itself is a bit bad and does not really go on. Nevertheless, this film has enough good points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for fans of gore, there really is not much of it. No, really. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that gets a little bit sour. Imagine it like Rambo: first blood meets three men in a boat. Watch out for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I really liked this movie, the soundtrack, the cinematography and the acting deserve a deserved 7 out of 10 points.
