When a movie shakes you with its disturbing, brooding atmosphere and grabs you by the neck with its stunning cinematography, you know you've come across a treat, a masterpiece of a movie. Although most modern films are extremely enjoyable, as some do, the ones that really shock you are the strongest, the most critically acclaimed, and most likely stay with you for a lifetime. I say proudly that I'm a fan of films that bother, not just horror movies, but ones that radiate an atmosphere of premonition. Movies like "Breakdown" and "The Missing" that give you a shiver and you think, "holy crap, that could happen to me", and you visually seduce, are at the top of some of my favorite aspects in a movie. Since I'm only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight, and Ned Beatty, though I'm familiar with them. I have not watched as they have grown as actors and unlike actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say, after the long hype and the first testimony of liberation, I was so admired by these experienced actors in a movie made more than 30 years ago, and it is still a scare to compete with modern films. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the self-proclaimed macho leader of a group of four friends who descend a fictional river on a canoe before a dam is built, and fill the entire wilderness with water. Renyolds's character is a seasoned adventurer, somehow meaningless and full of machismo. When I saw him portray the tough guy, I had to think differently about him as an actor, seeing him as just a sloppy old man or an angry politician. The dialogue that the director offers for his character gives him enough malice to prove himself as a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as adventurers, Drew and Bob, and participate in a canoe ride. The actor that I really enjoyed was Jon Voight. Once again, I only saw him as an older actor. Unlike Renyolds, however, I liked Voight's acting very much (and I do not see Anaconda when I say that) the national treasure films. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, is experienced in adventure, but is considered a more restrained character, a reluctant hero / leader, and definitely lacks Lewis' machismo. The movie basically starts with the four of them driving into a small town, asking to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river as they drive the rapids and camp along the river. You immediately get a scary atmosphere from the hillbilly characters we're introduced to, like the boy who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo's" at the beginning of the movie, with Ronny Cox's character Drew; and more, the two miners in the movies are crucial and disturbing rape scenes. As with all atmospheric films, both the characters and the audience fill with fear and confusion from that moment, and here we see how the characters take shape and shape. The following canoe tour is professionally shot and from here the men fight against the chances of survival of humans and nature. The kinematics of the film does not diminish, and I support this commentary with the scene in which Ed fights one of the raped miners with a compound bow. When Ed falls on one of his arrows and realizes that his enemy is approaching, he waves his rifle to shoot down the ground as he drops an arrow into his throat. Maybe that was the biggest piece of film I saw in a movie. Finally, Deliverance is a film whose fear and atmosphere radiates the mood and is still one of the best films in film history.
