The Liberation is a breathtaking thriller that is as exciting as any good thriller should be, but also stomach-scared. Although it's not a horror movie, it's as horrible as any classic horror movie. The very idea of ​​being a normal red-blooded man enjoying an adventurous weekend miles of civilization and only conquered and eroded by a few violent hillbillies is surely the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population. It would have been easy for the redemption to get into the exploitation area, but John Boorman has cleverly avoided the temptation to follow such a path and made a film that explores, questions and questions the meaning of masculinity. With so many movies coming to heaven, you wish you could step into the hero's shoes, perform heroic deeds and save the day and get the girl ... but with the liberation you come away and pray to God that you never I will have to experience what these four protagonists go through. <br /> <br /> Four townspeople - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - are in the wilderness, spending a few days with you, one soon descend the dammed river. The boys ride in pairs over the rapids, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently get ahead of the others too far, so they move to the riverbank and wait for their friends in the adjacent forest. Here they rush on two native Rangers (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who bind Ed to a tree while one of them tears and rapes Bobby, who tells him perversely to "scream like a pig". Lewis and Drew arrive unseen and Lewis kills the rapist as a fair archer, while the other hillbilly makes a hasty retreat into the forest. Under intense emotional stress, the four canoeists decide to hide the event and leave the area. The river, however, becomes increasingly dangerous as it travels downstream, and the risk to its life rises as the surviving hillbilly is hit with its rifle from an invisible lookout point in the rocky cliffs along the river. <Br /> <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a survival story, but even more powerful (and disturbing) than a study in which macho attitudes are torn apart and left in humiliated shreds. Although all the performances are notable, one must pay attention to Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would have rejected. The film is thematically very similar to the movie Straw Dogs from 1971 - both films are about frightening sexual violence in remote areas. In either case, the violent revenge that has forced the victim to no satisfaction. The backdrop of the rugged landscape in Deliverance is beautiful, but adds to the excitement of putting the four canoeists in a place where they are at the mercy of the hillbillies and the landscape and no one can rely on themselves. That's really exciting when it comes to filming.
