You could stage a version of Charles Dickens "A Christmas Carol" with sock puppets, and I'll probably look at it. Since childhood, this was one of my favorite stories. Maybe it's the idea that there's something good in everyone, and that's why no-one is behind redemption, which appeals to me, but for some reason, I never miss the opportunity to see one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic, if it is her on TV, as they are inevitably at this time of year. <br /> <br /> What really sets this version apart is the grim gravitas that bring the actors into their respective roles. Lines that we have heard dozens of times in the past get a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more realistic and believable in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. George C. Scott was nominated for a band Emmy 1985 for this role. It is thanks to him that, instead of sleeping through this often-written role of Scrooge, he instead found a fresh interpretation that, in my opinion, was one of his best performances ever. He wisely did not try to use a British accent, but expressed his lines in that famous, raspy voice. His Scrooge is not just a moody old man (as he is so often portrayed), but a man who has a deep anger against the world. As he is visited by each of the three spirits, we understand how this anger took root, grew and eventually strangled his soul. When he is forced to rethink his life, we see that he alternately softens and then falls back into irreversible stubbornness. And in the great dramatic scene where he weeps kneeling and crying at his own grave asking for mercy, as he tries to convince the third mind of his repentance and his desire to change his life, we see a man who completely His knees were broken and brought to his senses literally and figuratively. Scott has made Scrooge absolutely credible and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Impressive in the performance of Scott, the ensemble of supporting actors contributes significantly to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, the nephew of Scrooge, is an excellent example of this. Often depicted as a friendly buffoon, it is played by Roger Rees, whose emotional intensity is lacking in earlier depictions. As he pleads with Scrooge, "I'm not asking anything from you, I do not want anything from you, why can not we be friends?" We see in his face not only his frustration, but also his pain at Scrooge's self-imposed separation from his only living relative , It's a moving performance and one of the film's most dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> Even more impressive is the performance of the wonderful English actor Frank Finlay as Scrooge's late partner Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley is rather a low point in the movie, simply because it's hard to convincingly portray a dead man, and the results are usually just stupid (ooooh, you see, it's a scary ghost .. ..... not!) In this version it is perhaps the most exciting scene in the whole movie. Marley's entrance, as the locks on Scrooge's door open on its own, and the sound of chains chattering throughout the house, is wonderfully scary. But Finlay Marley is not an ethereal spirit. He is a tortured soul that inspires horror and compassion. Marley may be a ghost, but his anger and regret over a life wasted in pursuit of wealth, and his despair at recognizing that his sins are now priceless, are still very human. As shown by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the flaky Scrooge would be shaken by this nightmarish apparition. Finlay is really stealing the scene here, something that's not easy when you look at George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it just goes on and on, one notable achievement after another, making it look like you. 'Experience this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (do you remember the equalizer?) Is alternately both jovial and threatening like the ghost of the Christmas present. When he says the famous line, "in the eyes of Heaven, you may be more worthless and less viable than MILLIONS like this poor child," he is no longer a cheerful Santa Claus substitute, but an avenging angel gives Scrooge the urgent needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a wonderfully tart tongue, Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner gives the boring Bob Cratchit, a man who lives life with the triple crosses, amazing deep poverty, a sick child and a unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage and sometimes his tiredness in the face of unbearable circumstances. Later, in the scene where Scrooge will be shown after the death of Tiny Tim by the Ghost of Christmas Yet To Come the Cratchit family, Warner's performance, though he hardly says a word, will stir you to tears.
