"Liberation" is a brilliant, condensed epic of a group of thoroughly modern men embarking on a canoe trip to briefly connect with nature and instead fight for their minds, lives and maybe even their souls have to. The film has aged well. Although it was made in the early seventies, it certainly does not look contemporary. It still has a visceral beat and iconic status as a dramatic shock bearer of the aftermath of the sixties. There are very few films with similar notions that compare favorably, although the stuff of the legendary Sam Peckinpah should be up there. Yes, there has been a lot of discussion and discussion about the film's most confrontational scene (which I will not go into here) - and undoubtedly one of the most confrontational scenes in the entire history of the cinematic medium - but what is the movie? how painful it is sometimes. This seems to be generally overlooked (in retrospect quite understandable). The cinematography that captures the essence of the river's vanishing, fragile wilderness is often mind-boggling and offsets the movie as we rush into a tireless nightmare - along with the characters themselves - in a brief madness. "The deliverance of Deliverance is adequately lean and sinewy, and it is surprising how fast events evolve from the time of establishment, through the crisis, to the aftermath, everything happens very quickly, which gives the film a very great urgency Hiring is effectively determined by the credits The characters are all well drawn, despite the limited background story time, we just know enough about them to know them for the kind of people they are, and ultimately they are afraid of everything The conflict and violence within the film seem to break out of nowhere, with frightening lack of logic, which is the subject of author James Dickey - that any prevailing romanticism about the nature of man-perceived innate "goodnesses" only then wither and die when its barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore demons or enemy images. The predatory Hillbillies - the film's main villains - are mere, frightening cousins ​​of our protagonists. They are shocking because their evil is petty and tangible. The film has no marginal figures. All of them reflect the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanized Homo sapiens in the late 20th century and are all very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as Gung-ho and almost deadly exaggerated survivalist Lewis, and it's a shame to think that he could not really regain his brief moment of dramatic splendor during the rest of his still-thrilling mood-and-down Career ('Boogie Nights' excluded). Believe me, if you are not a Reynolds fan you will be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his ordinary, effortlessly accomplished self, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox both make an important contribution. This is just a great actor quartet. Finally, I have to speculate if and when the "Liberation Author" James Dickey's "To the White Sea" will be made. For those who enjoyed this movie (?), TTWS is a similarly shocking story of the struggle for survival of an American Air Force pilot shot down over mainland Japan in World War II. It's rather the typically murky existentialism and the original cruelty that Dickey's trademark is, but he has all the makings for a truly spectacular, poetic cinematic experience. A few years ago, there was a suggestion that the Coen brothers might produce it, but that did not work out. Being an avid Coen-o-phile, I am disappointed to consider what might have been if they had given TTWS the green light and not their last few relatively undisputed efforts. Back to 'liberation', it's impossible to imagine a movie being made of such honest, disturbing brutality in these times, and that's pretty shameful. We, the cinema, are all the poorer.
