This story is narrated and retold and recounted in every conceivable way. The immortal story of Charles Dicken was modeled on every imaginable way. I admit, I have not seen the classic Alistair Sim version yet, and I'm sure I'll do it someday, but I'd be gorgeous if it even came close to this amazing eighties version. I think if Dickens himself made his story for a movie, that would be it. <br /> <br /> The story is well-known, I will not go into detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A wealthy, avaricious, mean old man is visited by the mind of his former partner and warned of his evil ways. To smooth it, he is visited by three spirits, each of whom shows a different perspective of his life and the people with whom he deals with past, present and future. Seeing all this, he realizes the fallacy of his ways and seeks retribution for all that he has done. George C. Scott is absolutely undeniably perfect for this role. He takes the Ebeneezer Scrooge role and makes it his own and creates an incredible character. He is not just a common old man, but someone who has been influenced by certain situations in his life that have made him bitter and angry in the world. There is compassion in him, but he keeps it above all else and is very selfish. Scott offers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> It's not just the main role that makes this movie, but everything else works together. This is a great epic of Victorian England. Dickens England is modeled before our eyes, sights and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze on your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could mute this movie and be impressed by the scenery. It's not a spectacular landscape in itself, but it's real. The film takes us from the prime dealer market to the very gloomy pits of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast settle into their roles and bring their literary colleagues to life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, and especially the young Tiny Tim of Anthony Walters, were wonderful. The Ghosts each had their own personality and contributed to the dark mood of this story. A Christmas carol is not an easy story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark time in England's life. It is one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark and scary. She must be scary to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years. The dark feeling of the story is captured in this movie and is downright scary and yet the end lifts your mood and captures Christmas miracles. The film music for this film is also something to mention, because it is epic and great and beautiful to hear, whether it is the actual film music or the Christmas music. Everything fits together. Apparently, Christmas movies are my favorite because I insist that everyone sees this Christmas carol over everyone else. 10/10
