In Dan, in real life, there is a scene where the family vies for which gender can end the crossword puzzle first. The answer to one of the clues is Murphy's Law: Everything that can go wrong will go awry. This is exactly the case for Dan Burns (Steve Carell, the office), columnist for the local newspaper. Dan is an expert when it comes to everyday advices, but he recognizes that things are not so perfect in his own area. Dan in Real Life captures the irony of everyday life and successfully embraces the comedy, the tragedy and the beauty of everyone. Besides, this movie is pretty damn funny. <br /> <br /> The death of his wife forces Dan to raise his three daughters on their own ... each daughter in her own stages of life: the first is worried about trying out her driver's license, the mid to late in her teenage anxiety phase the youngest who moved away from early childhood. Things turn to Dan as he goes to a family reunion in Rhode Island and encounters a fascinating woman in a bookstore. Her name is Marie (Juliette Binoche, Chocolat) and she's looking for a book to help her escape unpleasant situations ... which is exactly what they are when they are thrown into the household of the Burns family. <br /> <br /> If you've seen Steve Carell at The Office or Little Miss Sunshine, you would know that he is not comparable to comedy timing and a hugely dynamic actor. Steve Carell is impressive in capturing all the emotions that family life brings: frustration and sincere compassion. Both the family and the house itself provide a warm environment for the film, which contrasts the inner turmoil that develops throughout the film, and finally breaks out to a rather exciting climax. The film is inadequate in some of the predictable results, but at the same time life consists of irony and predictability: which in itself is ironic. Dan in Real Life is definitely worth seeing just to see the fun intricacies we often miss in everyday life, and I'll most likely enjoy it a second time or even a third. "Just put it on my tab."
