Marie: You are smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I am Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are something like me, you do not go smoothly and alone. You see someone you like, as rare as that is, and you want to say something, but you do not. Or maybe you say something, but it's perhaps the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. Mostly not, but you stare from afar and admire without bothering with what one most believes is that it's the only way to get anywhere in life. a risk. You can not blame a man for being a bit scared. Maybe he has been badly burned before or is trying to concentrate all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some are valid, others are not, and all can be interpreted as an excuse rather than a reason. You say you do not need it, or it's not the time for you, but you still wish it would happen. However you dismantle it, it is not easy. Sounds familiar? If you have even thought of a little yes, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy by director Peter Hedges, is a must. It will reach into your heart and somehow manage to break and warm your heart at once. The Dan from the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a columnist for advice who is admired for his insight, leading a balanced, fulfilling and morally uplifting life. About four years before the movie started, when Dan woke up, he lost his wife and love for his life. After this tragedy, Dan had to raise his three daughters alone. In between, and focusing on his career, Dan's priorities were not to find love again. And so he became more functional than the feeling. Freed from the power of intimacy, Dan does not know what it means to be so close to someone, and has resigned himself to never knowing it again. In other words, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) on a quiet morning in Connecticut in a book and fishing business. The interaction is casual and enjoyable and captures both. There is really only one problem. She already sees someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved that someone is Dan's brother Mitch (Dane Cook). His entire family has arrived for their annual parental home visit, and Dan now has to spend the weekend yearning for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie this morning. It only took an hour or so, but it only took so long to wake Dan's heart out of the coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest at the helm), DAN IM REAL LIFE is deviating from its larger purpose from time to time. While the cyclone of children and parents as well as aunts and uncles creates difficult times for Dan, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily as a means of showing distraction, with the presumption that this would eventually lead to a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges has made Carell bear the heavy burden. It's a pleasure to see Steve Carell getting more and more into his own hands with every shot he makes (despite the occasional absence of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is charismatic, charming and obviously a keen humorist. As a Dan, he is selfish, awkward and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who pushes himself to find character in his roles rather than relying solely on his comedic instincts and established personality. Perhaps more important, he is completely related to Dan. Whether he's plopping on the cot in the laundry room, where he's the only adult to sleep at this reunion, or hanging around in the kitchen and not being able to cope with his anxiety, Dan is anyone who is not at all sure about himself and felt me alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that he also becomes the centerpiece of the film. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie, I wondered if I enjoyed the movie as much as I did, despite its small drawbacks. Juliette Binoche? I know you may want to whet sometimes, but I do not recommend it, unless it's chocolate) because I'm in my life. Would someone who has found that someone else from this movie has so much meaning and comfort? Can not I say What I can say: As someone who knows what it means to be lonely, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love, and how those moments and people are valued and appreciated must be estimated. It also knows that anyone who feels lonely on a particular day or for months need to be reminded that surprises still happen.
