Super shabby and wonderfully unpretentious exploitation of the 80s, Hurray! The opening sequences before the credits give us the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and devastating drama, but you need not be afraid, because barely ten minutes later we are in nonsensical chainsaw fights, fist fistfights, loud dialogues and gratuitous nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned siblings with an unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine tearing down the towel that covers your sister's naked body playfully and then stare at her unshaven genitals for a few minutes? Well, Bo does that to his sister and, judging from her synchronized laughter, she does not mind at all. Ill, dude! However, as children, they fled Russia with their parents, but evil soldiers brutally slaughter mother and dad. However, a friendly smuggler took custody and even hauled Bo and Ingrid into trained smugglers. If the story takes off 20 years later, they're in for the ultimate quest, as the mythical and unbelievably valuable White Fire diamond is accidentally found in a mine. Very few things in life make as little sense as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire," but it's certainly fun to watch them. Most of the time, you have no idea who beats whom or for what reason (and I bet the actors did not understand it that much), but anyway! The violence is great grotesque and every twist of the plot is pleasantly retarded. The script is completely unimaginable when suddenly ?? and I will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid, and Fred Williamson steps into the mouth with a big cigar and black fingers all over the scene. Bos main challenger is an Italian chick with big breasts, but with a vile accent. The absurd but catchy title song is played at least a dozen times throughout the movie. There is the obligatory montage "we are in love" and a lot of other sights! My God, what a brilliant experience. The French original title translates itself as "Life to Survive", which is clearly appropriate, as it makes as much sense as the rest of the film: None!
