What can you say about the movie White Fire? Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hilarious? These words are not big enough to describe the White Fire event. From wobbly, mutilated beginnings to far reaching ends, this movie is constantly entertained. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in the forests of a country somewhere in the world. A family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in costume uniforms. When the father separates from the mother and her children, you get a sense of what kind of movie you are watching. Dad makes sure he rolls down the hills in his all-white outfit and is polite because he gets people's attention before he shoots them, but unfortunately dad is burned alive, which looks like a very unattended, unsafe stunt , Meanwhile, mother and children are walking along a beach, with an armed soldier about five meters behind them. He also warns against an action in the form of a bizarre "STOP!" Strict and then promptly wasting the mother. This action sequence depicts the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingredient. <br /> <br /> So, for about 20 years (30, if you're honest about the hero's age), we're heading to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingredients have chosen professional thieves or diamond prospectors or something. Ingred works in a diamond mine where she takes care of the goods herself while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives through the desert in his denim outfits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any other friends and spend all their time together. Along with the fact that Bo has expressed his desire to sleep with his sister, as evidenced in lines such as "you know, it's a shame that you're my sister," he tells her while she's completely naked is what makes for a very dynamic duo. Bo is smashed when Ingrid is killed as he roams the beaches of Turkey with his ceremonial pink mourning cloth. A renewed hope comes when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and undergoes a plastic surgery to make her look exactly like Ingrid. This opens Bo's door to having sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a real fan of ethical gray areas, and he is overjoyed with his new love. <br /> <br /> So there are lots of funny action scenes, ridiculous acts of violence, great acting and impossible storylines, Fred "the Hammer" Williamson (for some reason) and a big piece of dirty ice that is a huge diamond should (which explodes later). All these things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid makes this film so special. Therefore, I heartily encourage everyone to see the majesty of the White Fire. You may be glad that you did or not.
