the government he had fought to acknowledge his loyalty with a promised and much-needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ode to those who, like the Colonel, suffer the ill-treatment of a cynical and hardened society that strengthens by denying their citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. Contrary to the absurdity of WAITING FOR GODOT, the waiter's waiting for the arrival of his boarding house gives hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film drive the Colonel, masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military pension will one day come, and the knowledge that his son Agustin died for a noble purpose, other than a drunken fellow in a rigged cockfight. Unable to realize the former and prove to the world the latter, the Colonel does the only thing he can do to train his son's faucet. The rooster is now the warrior who can bring luck and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his battle ring is the murderer of his former owner Agustin. In a tense scene of confrontation between Colonel and Nogales, his son's killer, the colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, with money equal to the Colonel's full pension. But that's blood money; Hush money served to hide the fact that the rulers turned their backs on those who fought for their political ideals, and to hide from the world that the warrior chief's son was murdered for writing for an underground newspaper that favored labor rights Unions and the common man. With the highest dignity, the colonel refuses Nogales' offer, picks up his fighting cock, and walks away as nobly as his old legs can carry him. Once home, Dona Lola, his rude wife, wants to know why the colonel refused the money when both were starving. To her continued question, "What will we eat by November (when the cockfighting season begins)," the Colonel replies, "Shit." Excrement is what the poor and disenfranchised have eaten all their lives, and excrement is a meal that the colonel willingly consumes with dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel is the only man waiting for honor and bravery in a world without principles.
