After dealing with a series of seemingly immature films bought on ex-rent DVDs, I thought the time was right for a little serious drama and who should provide better than Sam Mendes. For various reasons, I do not like "American Beauty" as much as this movie, which is probably the darkest thing Tom Hanks ever did, and probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade. Because this is not a simple gangster story, which has its origin in graphic Romanesque, and is therefore just wonderful to watch. And despite my usual allergy to a movie by the name of Tom Hanks (still can not see "Big" without killing a cat), I'm glad I tried that, because this is one of the movies that You have kick in if you miss it. <br /> <br /> Usually squeaky is clean. Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a dedicated family man and father of two sons who grew up in Prohibition in the early 1930s. He is also a professional batsman against the boss of John Rooney (Paul Newman), but has managed to keep his job a secret from his sons. But after his oldest (Tyler Hoechlin) has witnessed his father's involvement in a murder, the two have to flee while John tries to clean up the matter. Soon father and son are persecuted to Chicago, where a comrade (a menacing Jew Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> At first glance, it sounds like a normal gangster movie. I said it's not really about gangsters. It is about the relationship between a father and a son who are thrown together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is superbly (the teeth crunch) as the tortured man who finds out that everything has its price and the small Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan's son. To be honest, there is not a single performance that I could turn out to be weaker than the others - the cast is pretty flawless. As well as the cinematography and the costumes (and I often do not praise them!), Which recreates the 30s with breathtaking effect. There has been so much effort to get everything right, and it pays off. It might have looked like garbage - they admit it was hard to beat down the look of the early 1930s - but it does not, and that makes every credit worthwhile. Chicago looks amazing, with hundreds of shaky cars from that time and people in monochrome suits and hats. True time travel, even if a little CGI is needed. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often considered a stereotypical genre of a movie villain. Law is surprisingly threatening as the almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves you do not have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is decidedly noirisch, there is rainy rain and poorly lit warehouses, but violence and killing have (finally) emotional and psychological impact on the perpetrators and those who only testify to such acts. The whole thing is reminiscent of an earlier age and earlier films, but it removes the old and refreshed with a modern redemption story in the midst of the Tommy Gun shootings and blackmailing thugs. In some places, it can feel a bit slow, especially if you're used to watching movies like most modern viewers (like yours truly), but sometimes words speak more than deeds. Mendes has provided an excellent follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut, a movie that's as intelligent as it is beautiful to look at. "Road To Perdition" may not be for everyone, but this is a DVD that I will not replace soon.
