I had been driven out of the house into the theater by the stifling heat and could not have been happier. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), becomes one of the greatest films ever. Maybe I'll just grow old; Maybe I just saw that the same topics were recycled again and again. But this movie is indeed different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the young Michael Sullivan Jr., facing the ocean, contemplating the duality of his father's heritage - one of the best men ever to experience the worst of this duality through the movie. The story revolves around criminal boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man Rooney had once recorded and now serves as his personal "Angel of Death". Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but through love and faithfulness to Michael. Young Michael Jr., fascinated by the stories he reads, steals his father's car one night while dad "works" with Connor Rooney, heir to the family business. Connor causes the situation to spiral out of control, and what was just a warning turns into murder - testified by Michael Jr. After discovering that young Michael has seen what he should not have seen, the plot is set in motion set contradictory loyalties collide. Soon, Michael Sr. is on the run with his young son, pursued by contract killer Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). I will not reveal any further details to avoid potential spoilers. However, I urge viewers to explore the many dualities that are present in the film: problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr. Jr., John Rooney and son Connor), between the world at home and the world at work ". between good and evil, between those who pretend to be men of God and those who are really between "pure" money and "dirty", between the city of Perdition and Perdition as hell. On the way, enjoy the visual brilliance of cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 Oscars for Best Cinematography): rain pouring from Fedoras, shots through mirrors (especially on swinging doors), flare blows from the shadows, no sound. It's not just the 75-year-old Hall who may have brought us the best movie product of his career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman, too, has one of his best performances ever. <br /> <br /> Yeah ... I'm allowed to grow old But I've seen a lot ... and that's fresh and invigorating. The Road to Perdition is a lasting and affectionate homage to the gangster genre, 40s films, dark cartoon characters lurking in the dark, rogues and heroes, American film in general. Look at it!
