If you thought of Sam Mendes' first film, the acclaimed American movie BEAUTY was a movie of style you should spare yourself. Wait until you see his eagerly awaited second effort, the relentlessly grim gangster melodrama of the 1930s. Some critics have celebrated this new film as a worthy follower of THE GODFATHER, a rash judgment made by several reviewers who have been hit by Mr. Mende's extraordinary technical ability. If the mechanisms of filmmaking make a picture great, then ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of achieving film, editing, music, and sound. What does not exist is a response that all great stories and some very rare films stay with the viewer after the experience of reading or seeing is over. As with American BEAUTY, there is a cold, distancing feeling in this film, despite some very tense scenes in which paternal love, loyalty and betrayal play a role. <br /> <br /> This story of a hitter (Tom Hanks) and his relationship with a deputy father - a character who is also his boss, an elderly Irish mob leader (Paul Newman) - seems to have been fired from countless gangster films of the past his. The father / son motif hanging above this image is so heavy in its treatment that there is little room for spontaneity. The entire company has been worked out very carefully, and almost all dialogues are delivered with a hint of grand intimacy: this is obviously a gangster movie, hence the necessary amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film has almost no humor to speak of; Only in scenes in which a boy drives a getaway car in a crafty montage, does it feel lightness to leave the omnipresent sense of ruin. Apart from that, I have nothing but the highest praise for the breathtaking look of this movie; It is indeed no exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautiful photographed and designed films I have ever seen. Experienced cameraman Conrad Hall will probably win another Oscar for his work. The sets and costumes of the production are just as exemplary. In fact, the entire movie is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to wonder about his vivid use of color, and he and Mr. Hall are again using very much red blood sprayed against pale walls. This is all the more effective and disturbing, since black, blue and gray tones outweigh the color scheme of the film. <br /> <br /> If I did not pay attention to acting, that's not because the performers do not defend themselves adequately; Everyone in the film is first-rate, with special reference to the two evil villains: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate," the spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and an almost unrecognizable Jude Law as a particularly slimy villain, who pursues Hanks and his son and is very important in the captivating second half of the movie. But playing in a movie, this dazzling face will inevitably fall behind the photographic fireworks shown here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I would undoubtedly look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
