This 1984 version of the Dickens classic "A Christmas Carol", directed by Clive Donner, features George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this point, the challenge for the filmmaker was to bring such well-known material with him and make it fresh and fresh again. and thankfully, Donner not only met the challenge with this film, but also exceeded all the expectations anyone had expected for him. He narrates the story precisely and with an eye for detail and extracts performances from his actors, who are no less than the superlatives, especially Scott. It could be argued that the final account of Scrooge - one of the best-known characters in literary fiction - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; But I think with this achievement, Scott has now reached this award. There is such purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult to consider anyone in the role once you've seen Scott; Simply put, he is Scrooge. And what a tribute it is to such a gifted actor; It's a wonder to be able to take such a famous figure and make yourself so unique. It is truly a pleasure to see an actor perform his craft so well that he can make a character so real, from every word he uttered to the finest expression of his face, and make everything so true. It is a study in perfection. <br /> <br /> The other members of the cast are also great, but they have to be to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance. and they do it. Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a remarkable twist, albeit perhaps not as catchy as that of Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the movie "Scrooge." Angela Pleasence is a welcome face as the spirit of the Christmas past; Edward Woodward, great and exuberant and altogether convincing as the ghost of the Christmas present; and Michael Carter, grim and menacing as the spirit of Christmas to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner hits the mark with his Bob Cratchit and brings sincerity to the standard of quality set by Scott Scrooge, and Susannah York rates as good as Mrs. Cratchit. The real gem that can be found here is the idea of ​​the young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; it is heartfelt without ever becoming maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations - and the most realistic - ever presented in the film. <br /> <br /> Outstanding supporting roles include Roger Rees (Fred Holywell and the film's spokesperson), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley ( Fan). A flawless presentation, this version of 'A Christmas Carol' sets the standard by which all others must be measured; Regardless of the number of versions you may have seen, viewing one of these versions is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, if you think of Scrooge, your image will be that of George C. Scott. This thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience requires a place in the annual program of the holiday celebrations of each house. I rate this as 10/10.
