Wow ... I mean, WOW, that must be one of the best stories I've ever read. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, train in the forbidden cursed sources, and while they ignore their warnings, they both fall in a spring. The father, Genma, the source of the drowned panda. And the 16-year-old Ranma, the spring of a drowned girl. Now, with every splash of cold water they turn into the spring they landed in. Crazy enough? No, that's just the beginning. As if it were not enough to be one of the strongest teens ever turned into a woman, Ranma has to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy art styles, an insane high school principle, right and left opponents Satisfying Ranma, it may be that they somehow confuse their lives or "steal" their loved ones. Speaking of relatives, I've lost track of how many times a boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. And not once was his fiancé Akane. And that's just from the first chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I have never encountered anything so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... out of this world and yet so down to earth and believable ... I can not even describe it to the fullest. It's just a charming story that's so easy to get into. What I like about it is the humor. Not once have I laughed so much out of a manga, and it does not have to try any of the stunts you would find in Simpson or anything like that. I could read every part of the comic and laugh from start to finish. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, would you think making him too strong would be a step backwards, but no ... With every little problem, history throws him up, doing his best just to survive half the time, and his personality is one of them foolish boy he would seemingly do, but at worst he may be a calculating genius. And considering that out of the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma hates the idea of ​​the perverts, everyone in his city is being watched by Akane, the worst pervert who ever lived. His father Genma, would you think the father would fit in the background, right? Right! But whenever he has a spotlight ... he just gives you more reasons to hate him and at the same time love him! You think you know the worst father ever from an anime? You did not meet Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the few he can actually stand. Probably the strongest character in the series, but has two flaws, one is his curse, which turns him into a pig, but his worst mistake ... is his lack of sense of direction! Then we have ... You know, I could spend hours on the computer and explain all the characters, the story, everything positive, but that would be pointless NOW! You will not regret it! However, I would advise to check the comic first. I like the anime, but I had a hard time getting the series for a good price. And a little nitpick, the humor does not seem to transfer to the anime and the manga. I think partly because the comic seems more cartoony to me. But in any case it is a victory! 10 out of 10!
