Granted, I did not pick up Ranma 1/2 until I was twelve. I was in the library, desperately looking for something readable. Then I went to the comic / manga area and discovered this book. During my first readings through the chapters, I did not really know what was going on, but I knew I LOVED it. I even took it home for a few readings. Honestly, I did not go anywhere. And about five months ago (I'm 16 now) my friend saw an anime series and I remembered this manga. I could not remember what it was called, but reminded me that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I googled and then decided to watch all 161 episodes. At first, I was distracted a bit by the 1990 graphics, but in the end it was not really important. No anime has ever made me laugh and rewound, look again. I have seen 45 consecutive episodes in one day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. After about two days I was obsessed. I even dreamed it - as crazy as it sounds - from Ranma. Never before have I found a series that is so funny, so funny and so heartwarming. To date 161 episodes are not enough to satisfy me. Of course, the cliffhanger end ended to make me haunt, but the series alone was enough to keep me reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. Intense martial artist. They are so intense that they went to the ancient practice sites in China and were "cursed". The terrain was full of different sources of springs, and when you land in one, you assume the shape of what drowned there when you put it in cold water. It was a PANDA for Genma, and for Ranma it was a ... girl! It's a very funny, loving story. In addition, Genma promises his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep the Tendo Dojo alive. "Of course, the one with whom he is mated hates his courage and the feelings he changes. Of course they start to like each other, but both ways are persistent to admit it. But .. Genma has a story to do this. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It is worth seeing. It is humorous, heartwarming and stunning.
