First and foremost, Edison Chen had a fantastic, credible job as a Cambodian hit man, born and raised in the landfills and a gladiator ring, where he refined his craft from wild battery to survive and get killed by the mantra of killing or death become. In a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing. Probably, what should have been in the Jet Li vehicle Danny the Dog, where a man is bred solely for the purpose of combat. and on the leash of another. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, the much talked-about bare ankle combat sequences are not stylistically choreographed, but designed as normal, brutal punches that go well. This probably brought with it a sense of realism and mourning when you see the characters flattening each other's necks, defending their own lives and taking it away from others. It's a sombre, gloomy and dark movie, both literally and figuratively, and that sets it apart from the usual production of cop thrillers. Edison plays a rented gun from Cambodia, which becomes a refugee Hong Kong, fleeing from the cops, when his pickup went awry. At the head of the hunt is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to contend with outsider member Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), whose inclusion and acceptance in the team had to do with his father's sins. So a cat-and-mouse game begins in the dark shadows and shadows of the more sordid side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on several levels, especially in the character studies of the batsman, and the cop. On the opposite sides of the law we see in each sign not black and white, but grayscale. With the batsman we see his caring side when he was tied up and developed a love feeling for a girl (Pei Pei) that evoked a sense of maturity and tenderness, revealing a heart of gold. The cop, with questionable tactics and attitudes, lets you wonder how to bow when he's ready to do anything to get the job done. There are many interesting moments in moral issues as to how anti-heroic, despicable strategies are pursued. You will ask what constitutes a human and what makes an animal an animal, and whether we have a tendency to change sides according to circumstances. Do we have that dark inner line in all of us that changes from man to dog and dog? Dog Bite Dog grabs you from the beginning and will not let you go to the end, even though there are points midway that seem to pull in especially at their tender moments, and it also suffered from not knowing when they will end should. If I choose a favorite scene, then it must be the one in the Market Food Center - extremely well controlled and delivered, an exciting moment for your seat. Listen to the music and you will not dream if you have a growl of dogs hear. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost everything in the cop-thriller genre.
