Although I was a long way from my expectations, I was very impressed with Dog Bite Dog. I rented it without knowing much about it, but I had expected it to be a martial arts / action film in the standard action tradition of Hong Kong, of which I'm an avid fan. In the end I got something completely different, which is not so bad. Although the film could be classified as such and there are definitely good action and melee scenes in the movie, it is definitely not the main focus. His characters are infinitely more important to the film than his fights, which is unusual in many Hong Kong action films. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised how complicated the characters and the relationship of the characters in the movie are. The lead actor, played by Edison Chen (who is really good), gets infinitely more complex at the end of the movie than I ever thought he would be after the first thirty minutes. The police officers also thoroughly withstood my expectations. In fact, the clear and honest portrayal of the rarely seen dark side of the police was my potential aspect of the film. I do not know that I would say that Dog Bite Dog completely overrides the typical notions of bad criminal and good cop, but it certainly distorts them in a way that is not (unfortunately) often seen in the film. So many films, especially Hong Kong action movies I find, portray the police in an ambitiously VERY ignorant idealized light. This is one of my least favorite things in this genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog presented some very unique and really bold ideas about the police. There are negotiating scenes in this film that I've never seen before, and doubts I'll ever see again, and I'm sure I'll remember that for a long time. In addition, the criminal characters are also shown from an interesting perspective. The film features a documentary about Cambodian boys, no more than ten years old, to fight to their death with bare hands, which in my opinion was one of them. The film's most powerful and moving moments. It says a lot about the reason why these guys are like that, instead of simply condemning them. Also, the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets at the junkyard reveals much about his character. It was not until this element entered the film that I really began to see the film as an emotional experience, not just as an initiate. There's something about most of the relationships on the screen that I'm not sure, but for some reason, this has really worked. The actress does an incredible job with this role, which I suppose was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also offers some really stunning cinematographs, though unfortunately this is rather uneven. There were a few moments that I found particularly noticeable, especially in the last section of the movie, but there was also a lot of camera work that was fine. Another small problem I had was the tempo, which I also found to be irregular. I found many scenes that were "looking for a boat" a bit alienating, even though they quickly catch up after that. The action scenes are short and not too abundant, but especially towards the end really powerful and effective. For the most part, the fight choreography is, for the most part, not all that impressive, though it's solid and fairly realistic, but the true strength is the emotional content behind the battles. The final scene, while not a miracle of martial arts or combat choreography, is one of the most powerful final bouts I've ever seen, and I've seen some martial arts films. I suppose the biggest deciding factor in using Dog Bite Dog or not is whether or not you can connect to the characters. All of them are certainly some of the more flawed characters you'll probably see in a movie of all kinds, but it was something very human that I could not help but be attracted to, and above all, feel for her. Chen's girlfriend I doubt That most people will like the movie as much as I do, just because I imagine that most people do not like the characters the same way or are interested in them, but I still recommend it. It really is a very moving and effective movie if you give it a chance.
