I have to be clear - I have not seen such a solid movie like DOG BITE DOG in a long time. I'm a big fan of the old school CATIII films from the late '80s to the mid' 90s, and I'd heard that the "style" of movies with movies like this is coming back a bit Herman Yau's GONG TAU (what I'm talking about so far, I was very interested in giving some of these newer CATIII films a shot. Did this movie meet my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite in the way I imagined. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young, animal, imaginative and virtually unstoppable Thai hit man with a bit of a vague story who comes to Hong Kong for a "mission". Because of some misfortune, he is quickly identified by a mischievous copy (which emits many of the same qualities as our hitman) and is quickly captured and captured. However, this situation does not last long, as the unknown assassin escapes his captors and quickly shows the local police that he can not be taken lightly. The hunt begins, and a cat-and-mouse game between the police and the "crazy dog" (as the police call him) follows. Along the way, Mad Dog is involuntarily friends with a slow-witted young woman, and a connection is formed between the two if she helps him out of a difficult situation. The mission is steadily increasing as Mad Dog's only goal is to leave Hong Kong for Thailand by any means necessary, and the cops keep trying to bring him back to life ... I could probably write ten paragraphs about this complex and thorough layered movie, but I do not want to betray too much. I've seen DOG BITE DOG know nothing of the premise, and I think it's the kind of movie that's definitely better appreciated. There are some similarities with comparisons with older CATIII films. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the "good old days" but is never as dirty or dingy as old-school classics like THE UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. While many of the older CATIII films were primarily "shocked", DOG BITE DOG is a much more elaborate and rounded production (though it does not take away the CATIII films that matter so much to me).). This movie is far more "emotional" than exploitative. As we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, audiences begin to connect and identify with each other. There are really no clear "good" and "bad" guys, as Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion and the cops resort to extremely unorthodox methods to work out the killer. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of older CATIII films. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG more with Park's SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE or maybe the BANGKOK DANGEROUS of the Pang Brother, as both films mixed extreme emotional undertones with strong and relentless action and violence. Again - there is not much that I did not like about this movie. Acting is dead, cinematography is sharp and well done, and the entire film cleverly blends different elements in a way that is not often seen. Is this movie (and others like it ...) the "rebirth" of the CATIII movie - not exactly - but it's a very solid movie that's definitely worth it ... 9/10
