Those familiar with Asian cinema as a whole know that Japan is famous or notorious for its violent films, and Korea now has a reputation for viciously brutal films. Dog Bites Dog, though not necessarily as violent as the craziest Miike movie, nor is it as involuntarily brutal as some more ambitious Korean efforts, but it's a perfect in between with its own kind of brutality. However, the greatest strength of this film, as well as the greatest of Japanese or Korean efforts, is the fact that brutality distracts the characters rather than driving the story forward. The two main characters are both incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivations as well as the emotional support for themselves. For example, Sam Lee's character is marginal from the start and slow and sure, amidst various encounters with Chang's figure, it becomes clear why he does it is. Without spoiling this part of the story too much, this includes the morally ambiguous nature of his father. On the other hand, Chang's character has its most original instincts, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Chang's narrative, while not necessarily showing a more humane side, actually reveals a side of our animal nature that many forget is the natural ability to spot a broken pet Pei Pei's dump girl character). Ultimately, however, in the first approximately 80 minutes, it becomes a more or less straightforward cat and mouse or dog-chase-dog movie in which every encounter ends with at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square) off one's death) and the fun of the movie is that you never know who is committing the acts. Which brings us to the only weakness of the film. If you did not get into it, it would be another spoiler, but to put it simply, it is guilty of pushing one of the movie's main points, since the movie will be left in the movie for more than 80 minutes for another 20 minutes or so to emphasize it further. Do not get me wrong if you've moved from the 80-minute mark to the climax and the last act was not filled with sweet music (if, as in the majority of the movie, it kept the music to a minimum) and let the annoying sound effects do their job), it could still work and not affect the movie. Although the third act was the most vicious and bloodiest of encounters, the way he was handled made him feel almost insulted and offended the viewer's intelligence, believing he needed to go that far to be able to convey it. Still, it's still a breath of fresh air from the Hong Kong cinema, as even the bloodiest of martial arts films never reaches the level of wickedness and brutality, while the character sheets remain in tact.
