IMPRESSIVE. If you think a film can not tire you, you did not see Dog Bite Dog. This movie does not take any punches and also shows very disturbing pictures. Similar to Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human mind. It's dark, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever to come from Hong Kong. I think it's incredibly clichéd. Basically it's about a disturbing and obsessive detective in a cat and mouse game against a professional and emotionless batsman. While the script on the surface offers nothing new, there are many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a five-year-old child without pity or remorse? In return, we humans act no less than rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger. This is a sad truth. It's a topic that the director brilliantly explores without limiting himself. In addition to the cat and mouse hunting, the script also develops two separate storylines for the main characters. One is about love, the other is about salvation. Even if the script is not so new, it is still wonderfully written and always keeps you at the seat. <br /> <br /> The spectacle is really good. Edison Chen as a hit man is incredible. He proves that he is not a pretty face. He is reckless, abominable and sympathetic. Sam Lee as an obsessed police officer is also excellent. In short, the supporting cast is excellent. The music is also worth mentioning. Very bleak score from Ben Cheung, with some effective, light-hearted songs played in key dark moments of the movie. The camera from Yuen Man is really good too. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Very well timed, incredibly agile, wonderful scores and in the end just really good. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should stay away from this violence. If you do not like to see strong negativity in the movie, this is not for you. In the end a Powerhouse movie, 8/10.
