It is remarkable and quite commendable how writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and most overrated storylines in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically nothing more than the simple story of a lonely copper obsessed with chasing a brilliant criminal. Only Pou-Soi Cheang differentiates his film from the others by being extremely violent and relentless. This is undoubtedly one of the scariest and most uncompromising films I have ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come straight from hell! Not even the rates in Chan-Wook Park's Rilogy of Revenge (with the exception of "Oldboy") or any other notorious Cat III movie ever released were as sadistic and brutal as some of those featured in "Dog Bite Dog." events. , Pang is a young, ruthless Cambodian assassin who lands in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to destroy the wife of a respected judge in a restaurant. When the police reach the place, the young officer Wai sees Pang fleeing the scene and following him. The first actual confrontation between the two rabid dogs leads to a gigantic bloodbath, as Pang kills several hostages and even Wai's longtime friend and colleague mercilessly. From then on, an exciting and action-packed cat and mouse game begins between the frustrated police officer and the professional killer. The latter also saves a young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and stays with her in the local dump. What makes this routine action / thriller so fascinating (apart from the explicit violence) is the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, the batsman, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained in fighting and murder for money since childhood. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy and hardly speaks a word. Wai, the police officer, has been particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his role model father (also a police officer) is in a coma following a drug-related incident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; he screams at her and he's ready to sacrifice everything to stop his brand new nemesis. People with a weak stomach or confused nerves are advised to stay away from this movie, as cruelty and shock in "Dog Bite Dog" can easily cause nausea. It is not the kind of violence in which bloody heads and severed limbs fly through the air, but rather as an intense and disquieting form in which people try to destroy their opponents both mentally and physically. The filming locations are effectively dark and eerie and the extremely sober music makes the already distressing sound of the film even more petrifying. The performances are great! It would not surprise me if Edison Chen and Sam Lee were treated like enemies in the film set because their hatred on screen and disgust seem a bit too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and memorable film that is highly recommended if you can digest it. If you're worried that you will not, just wait a few years for the inevitable American remake, which will undoubtedly alleviate the premise.
