Finally, we have a Category III movie for the 2006 summer season ahead of us. Dog Bite Dog consists of cruelty, crime, and passion in equal parts, not only benefiting from an appropriate title, but also from its flexible orientation, excellent cinematography, and respectable achievements of most participants. Of course, there must be a catch that manifests itself here as blatant inconsistencies, but overall, DBD represents the mature spirit that we would like to see more in the HK mainstream. <br /> <br /> It also marks the announced return of Edison Chen, who had not existed since the first D debacle one year ago. Chen's restrained machismo does wonders for the film, but it would have hit hard on Sam Lee, who favored switching between physical comedy (Crazy 'N' the City, No Problem 2) and crazy threat in the thickest role. I have seen him since Made in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> Together, the duo is doing Dog Bite Dog, and hopefully Edison will get a lighter break from now on: his touch has changed projects from Princess D to the story of Infernal Affairs, and he still remains a rare one Event. At the beginning, DBD introduces some fascinating pictures and plays wonderful tricks with light, shadow and perspective. The soundtrack enhances this atmospheric effect and contributes to the unrealistic overall mood of the film. Much of the resulting combination is likely to be related to the writer Matt Chow, who previously worked with equally cruel three-extremes. Dog Bite Dog retains many of the features of this horror project: rundown urbanscapes and a pervasive atmosphere of something sinister lurking around the corner. <br /> <br /> Rest assured that this is not a horror movie, but a horror movie, a path that the classic One Nite in Mongkok had taken before, but from a far more perverse angle. Replacing Daniel Wu's reluctant mainland assassin, we have Edison, who plays a nameless killing machine from the Cambodian underworld. The Hong Kong way to accomplish a single goal, the almost silent assassin immediately after the arrival of the business, a process that is presented by the brilliant visualization of the film dissuasive. Although he was weaned from childhood to become a professional killer, Edison's homonymous wild dog, still has human frailties and leaves a trail picked up by a CID team sent for investigation. This gathering features a cute cameo by mob movie star Lam Suet and good support from TV star Wayne Lai. Sam Lee's Renegade officer Wai, however, heads the prosecution and reveals himself as a very troubled individual, but still an excellent police officer. We are beginning to learn that Wai's inner conflict stems from his father's police corruption background and evokes demons from the relentless persecution. <br /> <br /> A smaller body count emerges as Edison considers capturing a no-no system. There is a violent quotient of violence, even though Gore is weakened in some places and the adult language is only a sign. Again, no nudity that leads to the conclusion that Cat III's are handed over now a little bit hurriedly. Nevertheless, DBD is a relatively mature theatrical release, and we welcome its arrival. <br /> <br /> Even a career killer needs some romance between fights, stinging, chopping and shooting, and just like Daniel Wu, Cecilia Cheung In One Nite, the intrepid Mr. Chen gets a treasure that the newcomer Pei Pei finds wonderful Way is done. Her unnamed character (in this case, a lot of anonymity) meets Edisons on a strangely abandoned landfill, which is abused by her father to the repulsive madness and the desire for escape. When the killer digs HK, he agrees to take her along and they run together, they love to blossom on the way. While the film is not about loving things, our hearts are shaped by Pei Pei's tragic figure and her endless suffering. She does the shy but brave protagonist surprisingly well and realizes that there are no good or bad guys here, as highlighted by the extremely sobering finale. Director Cheang Soi's portfolio includes the new suspense thriller Home Sweet Home and Love Battlefield with Eason Chan, two numbers that are likely to be surpassed in most reports by the sinister behavior of Dog Bite Dog. Cheang manages to keep DBD flowing, and given the many parts involved, he sticks to critical standards set by people like Johnny To in his nocturnal epic, The Mission. There are some glitches, for example, that Edison miraculously fires a shot at the chest, but that is highly forgivable. <br /> <br /> Two successful young talents of the kind that Hong Kong needs are the result We want the city's film wedding to come back. Dog Bite Dog is not characterized by a story. His strength lies in strong depictions and style, supported by the power of the muscle muscle and an attentive eye for visual and auditory finesse. HK has a long, time-honored tradition of tales related to the City's nocturnal alter-ego, something that Dog Bite Dog affectionately maintains, which is a solid run, if not an absolute masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Rating: * * * *
