Most reviews say that this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This film is a bit different from the rest, and considering that the best or the worst depends on it, it depends on what you expect from a movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> If you know Hamilton as a photographer, you might be a little surprised. While Bilitis looks like his books in a movement in which all the young girls find themselves on the brink of lesbians and seek relationships, Laura focuses focusing on a few characters, the development of relationships between them (male-female, artist-model), but although we see beautiful photos, many of which are better than his average, their number is reduced because of the plot. Tendre's cousins ​​are different, but Hamilton's film looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. For this reason, it may be acceptable to a broader audience than Hamilton fans who look like an erotic comedy (but no German softcore types - "Schoolgirl Report" fans would be very disappointed). You will not laugh much, but you can smile (and that's something you do not often get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, women's ages vary. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual works, this is not out of place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny, and do not just lead us from one photo to another, from one nude girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately Hamilton (again) gets lost with a script in his hands. Girls on beaches, in the shower, in dimly lit rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothing - this is his territory, he can film for minutes and hours, and whatever he does always feel that Eye and the artist's hand behind it. But when he introduces us to the average everyday life, he stops being Hamilton and becomes an average director who just follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are only part of his work. And in Tendre's cousins ​​we have a reverse situation: His girls are not in the best shots. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton (often neglected parts of it), while girls, even when naked, have nothing special in the way he presents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused about having a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking about a line that would accept censorship, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and no one dared not tell him), but he did neglected what he was mostly praised for.
