I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs of naked women on the woman's border, sometimes erotic, but never pornographic. Someone else liked her too because my David Hamilton books were stolen. There were a few pictures of a boy in a book, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, even naked. Although discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton, which was either stills from the movie Tendres Cousines, or photos taken on set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the art of still photography does not automatically translate into cinematography. The blur becomes blurry and discrete angles become confusing, possibly because they can not be considered in motion. You either see it or miss it and you have no time to watch and understand. The movie is supposed to be a farce and fun things happen, but "does not hang together", maybe because the story is developing so slowly and you might wonder what's going on. At some point, the 14-year-old Julien has intercourse with his cousin, but it's a soft core, with no genital contact, shown by the camera. Since it is a farce, we have a disappointing maiden and embarrassment that got into the drama gag, and after Julien's father caught her, he even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. To be fair, the film is in French and corresponds to French film forms, which for most Americans may be too subtle even with English subtitles to help us support Phillistines. <br /> <br /> It is believed that this film is a child pornography and that is certainly the current climate in which the sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind would like to advocate or support the sexual abuse of children, so there is virtually no room for children to be seen even in the mildest erotic context without immediately raising alarms about sexual violence and exploitation. Guys think "Lucky Julien!" While they agree that sex and children are "a bad thing" in the movies, they still wish they could have been Julien at this age. Women too may have similar thoughts, but all these considerations need to be ripped out of consciousness. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have turned out to be automatic and matters of children and sex are rigorously avoided. Too bad, because sexual awakening is a real human experience. All in all, children grow up and become sexual beings like Julien. It is a fitting literary subject, including cinema, but taboo under threat of sexual violence against children. I think David Hamilton took the risk of making a film about this in 1980. He has been reasonably successful in exploring this sensitive issue, and unfortunately, for fear of being in the near future, we probably will not see a better child pornography label.
