This was a very entertaining movie and I really enjoyed it. I do not usually lend films like indie movies, but I was attracted to the movie because of its incredible cast, which included Jamie Kennedy, whom I've loved since the Scream trilogy. The film director takes a risk (and it's a risky risk) when he tells the lives of many (and I mean, many) different people and is interdependent at different intervals. Taking this risk was a good idea, because the end result is a very good movie. <br /> <br /> The movie has some main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - an angry fortune cook, whose relationship with his girlfriend is because of a dispute on the rocks. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - an aircraft loader / technician who loves all living things (except maybe maid) and who, despite his good heart, is increasingly unlucky. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop that is a Germaphobe and because of his fear of germs is putting pressure on his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), whom he believes to be trying; stop it, have fun, look ridiculous, go crazy and not live a normal life. They begin to have small and almost crazy arguments, and Olive seriously doubts Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man who does not enjoy life that much. As bad things add up in his life, he decides to pick it up. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and that they are destined for each other although she is more skeptical. He tries to win her every chance, and he's definitely trying! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been dismissed from his job and has doubts about his role as provider. He is taking on another job for which he is simply unfit. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) comforts through his job loss until she learns that Johnston was not the loving husband she thought he was. All in all, I can definitely recommend this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
