The only reason I forgive this with a 9 is that the other children actors who played Tadashi's tormentors were not up to the task. I suppose it was just children who happened to be the right age and practical, but they were not well trained and their scenes were a bit of a hassle. <br /> <br /> I say that this is not to be judged by American standards, because it is full of ambiguities and the kind of ambiguity that Japanese culture likes to accept and is not in line with the moral constraints of US children committed to black hat and white hat 'films are routinely exposed. For example, there is a preciously humorous moment when Tadashi's small group of yokai companions are disappointed and abandoned by the other Yokai, and Shojo - the avuncular Kirin Herald - does what many stressed-out Japanese adults would do. Note: That would not happen in a Disney movie. This picture also offers the best product placement for beer you'll ever see in a kids movie. <br /> <br /> There's a moment when a teacher with her attendance book bumps into a couple of brawls. A few years before the release of the film, there was a TV commercial in Japan. It was a stop-motion sound animation of a kid who is depressed, playing the guitar and singing the blues in his room. His mother yells at him from below to shut up. Then someone gives him a candy bar and he cheers and sings a happy tune, but his mother comes in and asks him to shut up and gives him a dope slap that leaves a bump in his forehead. I mention this commercial because it was considered funny and I did not object to it. The Great Yokai War shows much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen than in a Disney movie. If it is a US film, I would be concerned as a parent with such things, though not necessarily the moral teachings drawn at the end of the picture, which of course are not black and white either. Since it is a Japanese film, I accept that these cultural norms allow images that would not exceed the standards and practices of the police in a US production. However, I would probably be a little uncomfortable if I would get young kids to see it without giving them some kind of preliminary discussion and / or debriefing about the violence and other unusual stuff, or I would wait until they are older to get it show them.
