I had the pleasure last night to watch the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real treat. The directors were present and subsequently asked questions and answers. The film begins with a little boy smashing a cockroach under his foot. A man driving off his car nearby sees the young boy smashing him and runs to ask the boy, "Why?" Why? Did he have to kill this creature? In his hurry to advise the adolescents in the error of his ways, the man neglects the payment of his parking meter, which starts from a whole series of events involving persons who are not at all associated with him, some funny, some sad and some ridiculous. This movie has a lot to laugh about, many! and there are many actors you will recognize. The main actors featured in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy show Jamie Kennedy Experiment playing a Fortune Cookie author; John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's cross-dressing brother at the Drew Carey show) loving guy who just can not get it right, Brian Cox (The original Hannibal-Lecter in Manhunter) who plays the German owner of a donut and Chinese food take-out game This is on the sidewalk with the sentence "Eliminate Death "which is pretty funny, mainly because Cox is" seeded. "The funniest moment in the movie comes when a boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier in the day scream" MotherF *****, " Another extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (Ms. Sting herself) and another actor perform a scene in a cable access show, the boy's film the plastic bubble The Spectacle he who is the hostess The cable access show is just unbelievable that he is so serious and deaf and shows his performance as both the doctor and the boy get carried away in the plastic bubble. There are many other good and funny actors and actresses in the film who shot in less than a month on a budget of just under $ 1 million. The directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (a writer by profession), have written crazy / beautiful and the upcoming Tuxedo with Jackie Chan) have created a movie that is great, funny and adorable.
