Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and rightly so, so I'm excited to see one of their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing completion of his rejuvenation formula with the ability to reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweeps who arrive to do their job, and very quickly, Ollie wants Stan to make mistakes. Ollie goes to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room finally pushes him back to the attic. After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement from the wall, a loaded weapon, and of course he shoots the brush. Stan goes to take a look and Ollie, who is standing on the attic roof, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he has been hurt, and Ollie only answers with "I have nothing to say." Ollie gets back on the roof, and he and Stan get into a train and quarrel that causes Ollie to fall down and destroy the fireplace. Ollie, with no hat, is hit in the fireplace by many falling bricks on the head, and butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered in chimney smoke, oh, and Ollie does not have anything to tell Stan yet. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan rips the carpet with the shovel, Ollie asks, "Can not you do anything right," and Stan replies, "I have nothing to say," and lets the shovel hit the head. When Ollie holds a bag for Stan in the ashes, they are distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ash lands in Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and does a final test on a duck, dropping a drop of water into a water tank and turning it into a duckling. He also shows the boy his success and transforms the duckling into an egg. Next he proposes to use a human subject, i. H. His butler. While he's gone, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie is beaten by Stan with the whole formula in the water tank. In the end, Ollie comes out, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, Ollie Monkey says, "I have nothing to say," and Stan whimpers. Filled with wonderful slapstick and all the classic comedy you could want from a black and white movie, this is an entertaining movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were the # 7 comedian comedian. Very well!
