This is an unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with a split personality: sometimes it feels like two films in different styles are put together in one piece. Fortunately, each part is funny for itself, and the seemingly effortless clowning of the boys carries the day and makes the various elements of the movie into a fun whole. I've never heard a fan quote DIRTY WORK as his favorite comedy "Laurel & Hardy", but it seems to be one that everyone seems to like. <br /> <br /> Our story takes place in the home of Professor Noodle, who represents a key element of the story: a wild parody of Mad Scientist scenarios. This is a rare adventure in the Sci-Fi area for L & H. Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges were more likely to engage crazy doctors than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with developing a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while Jessup, his sarcastic butler, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and occasionally dry jokes. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie are chimney sweeps who come home on the day he perfects his solution. "Their" part of the film is a characteristic (but first-rate) slapstick involving the chimney, the roof, the paddles and a series of unfortunate mishaps. If you do not enjoy watching these guys mess up a task, then you probably do not like DIRTY WORK, but for fans of the team, this movie is a party. The highlight is when Ollie falls through the chimney, lands in the fireplace, and then gets hit with bricks that fall on his head with rhythmic precision, one after the other. I also like the shot of Ollie falling from the roof into a greenhouse. The process work is so slapdash, I suspect it was something of an inside joke. In the films of Fields would be shown the worst rear projection screens in the world. <br /> <br /> The slapstick stuff is great fun, but it's the crazy science theme that drives this movie crazy, and two supportive players deserve a hint from the bowler hat: Productive character actor Lucien Littlefield is awesome as a professor and Delivers its overripe lines with relish and pounding with gleeful delight, while Sam Adams is a scam in the less prominent role of butler Jessup. While Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in prime positions, it's worth noting that supportive casts at the Hal Roach studio have given their films a huge boost. Usually the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK is from this time a rare occasion that a Roach comedy after the opening credits has no musical accompaniment at all. Mood music could have improved the process, but no matter; This is a very funny comedy and a prime example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular back then.
