For the first time, when I was looking for some of the works Stéphane Rideau had taken part in, I found this film to be an extraordinary devastation caused by the amazingly beautiful "Les roseaux sauvages" (in Portuguese Juncos Silvestres) by André Téchiné , I searched for similar films, in the series of age novels. I then found "Presque Rien," a film in which director Sébastien Lifshitz delights us when he was nominated for the Cannes Festival in 2000. The story is about two boys, the kind "boy next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet during the summer holidays. In a country far away from where he lives, Mathieu spends his beach days with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he begins this urban and enlightening relationship, through the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives his characters (in "Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger, he still preserves the innocence of the sweet seducer maturing here in the experience). Example of directing, in love order, in the familiar and obvious description made by a boy who first faces his (still ambiguous) sexuality and great love. The first love, in its terrible progression, ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the passionate passion, the hot and excited rationalism, the brownish beauty, the simple and natural acceptance of the families, albeit not without surprise and first rage. Nevertheless, there is the beach, the luminosity, the lightness and the simplicity of the summer, the fresh breeze, the melody of the wave and the expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaïm (hesitant, hurt, confused, passionate). Gender is neither shunned nor exploited, it is treated as it is, without exhibitionist intent. Because of the pure talent, this is a drama of unusual quality, without cheap sentimentalism, which shows an inevitably real picture of two homosexuals in their first youth as normal human beings, albeit with social fear of rejection and shame. It's well worth watching, especially by those who love French films (although the DVD front cover is very lame, with the two actors greasing with dozens of stars with Brilliantine). A movie that deserves an 8-9 in my opinion!
