I agree that the film is a bit slow in places that have many scenes of everyday life and no dialogue. And I was not impressed immediately after seeing it. After a few days, however, I realized that the film stays with me and creates a melancholy mood that subsides in my head. My appreciation for this movie is increasing. It certainly deserves more consideration than those films that are immediately forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is not linear and that is a hallmark of European film production as opposed to Hollywood's linear narrative preference. I do not really know if it's true or not. Many do not like the confusing structure and the lack of clear explanations. I do not think I can say much to these viewers to change their minds. For others who have not yet seen the movie, however, expect to be challenged and do NOT expect the movie to provide all the answers, and you might enjoy it more than usual. <br /> <br /> The Film jumps around a bit, but really only 3 periods. Pay attention to the hairstyle and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. It is not as confusing as suggested; Just enjoy it and in the end everything is clear. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things remain unsaid or are not shown, and many situations remain unexplored. But is not that life? Often you are not sure about the motives of your friends / relatives unless you confront them and even then you can never be 100% sure if they have told you the whole truth. This kind of film forces us to interpret the reasons for action. However, the film leaves enough evidence to make reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is depressed until suicide depression. Why? I do not know, maybe his life is not exactly what he expects; Maybe he misses his family, but he has not forgiven his father for leaving his sick mother at her hour of need. perhaps, after all he has sacrificed for Cedric to kill himself, and indeed to smash his life to be with him, he realizes that it "collapses" everything. I think the director wanted to show us that he was always a bit absent, the mentality of this scene with the dead bird was fragile. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all of these burdens challenge him. But we have also shown that he is not through the loving interaction with the stray cat an animal that torments psycho. There is also a conversation between the doctor and Cedric that sheds light on the reason for the separation and possibly suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is alright, and Cedric thinks, even though he betrayed Mathieu once, but that's nothing, says Cedric. If that is the only reason, we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed together. Is it of the utmost importance that we know exactly what they are? I do not believe in this movie. Another telltale sign that they are ultimately incompatible is the historical ruin scene. Mathieu is interested in the study of the ruins, Cedric not. He's the one with the angry hormone that focuses only on the physical side, without an intellectual side that obviously needs Mathieu. <br /> <br /> Finally, the end is really hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the turn of events after the sombre tone that rounds off to the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound. It's very soft I had to turn up the volume to hear the dialogue, and when he switched to a bar or outdoor scene, it became too loud. The other is that subtitles can not be turned off; They stay on the screen. Most foreign movie DVDs that have not been released by a large studio are unfortunately bad in that way.
