"Presque Rien" ("Come Undone") is an earlier work of the overly gifted writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with the writer Stéphane Bouquet - the team that gave us the later "Wild Side"). When we understand the Lifshitz narrative, each of his works becomes more valuable. By being able to unfold his tender and sensitive love stories in the same random manner found in the minds of confused and insecure adolescents - time now, time past, time reflective, time imaginable, time alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal and involves the viewer with every aspect of the characters' reactions. It takes a bit of work to intervene in his method, but his technique draws us deep into the film. Mathieu (the pretty and gifted Jérémie Elkaïm) is in favor of a holiday by the sea, a time to allow his mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight with her undefined illness, cared for by the secular and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and of accompanied by his sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): Her distant father has stayed home for business reasons. In and out of the first moments of the film flow images of Mathieu alone, who looks depressed, goes by train and speaks to someone in a small recorder. We have to wonder if the deployment action is just a reminder or a contemporary action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing on the beach, Mathieu notices a handsome youth of his age staring at him, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions shaking with confusion. Young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister home and continues the mystery of attraction. Soon, Cédric Mathieu approaches and a gentle introduction leads to a kiss that triggers a passionate love obsession. Mathieu is afraid of the direction he has taken, rejects Cédric's public approach, but continues to look for broadcasts. The two young men are full of desire to be in love, and the physical aspect of this relationship, so necessary to understanding this story, is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. When the summer is marked by Mathieu, a dedicated student, Cédric realizes that he is a drifter working in a season at a carnival. It becomes clear that Cédric is the Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is the Apollonian: at a time when architecture is being ruined, Mathieu is thrilled with the beauty of history and space, while Cédric is only interested in seeing the place a new haven for lovemaking is. <Mathieu is a complex man who masters his family ties, hurt by a critical illness and an absent father, the fear of his burgeoning sexuality and his burgeoning passion for Cédric. Their moments of joy are disturbed by Cédric's admission of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with this problem, and finally they part. Time passes, family changes are made, and Mathieu goes into depression, including a suicide attempt. The way Mathieu masters all these challenges and finds solace, strangely enough in an earlier lover of Cédric, Pierre (Nils Ohlund), brings the film to an ambiguous but quite successful climax. After Looking At The Movie The sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the beginning with the knowledge of the entire story is tremendous. Lifshitz has given us a meditation film with passion, conflicts with the passion forces found in love and a quiet film of silence and reveries that are incomparably beautiful. The whole cast is superb and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of filmmaking. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady harp
