What a strangely wonderful, if sometimes light and bulky fantasy on a big budget. Takashi Miike had already proved that when he arrived in the Great Yokhai War he was able to immerse himself in other films alongside his alleged niche of the crime / yakuza genre (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed this, the former great less the latter). , But here Miike proves in his first and only co-screen write credits that he can deliver the goods on a postmodern soup with mythical fantasy conventions, and thus also the CGI charge, creature effects and make-up. and an epic battle that is more like a "feast" than Lord of the Rings. The comparisons can be made far and wide to make sure, and Miyazaki is the most obvious jump point for the seemingly unique mix of kids-as-big-heroes and power-hungry wizards seeking the Earth's source of energy, machinery as the greatest evil and many bizarrely defined, extravagant creatures (or Yokai of the title). But there are also comparisons to Star Wars, especially the Gungan Battle in TPM and the entire power game between good and evil with similar powers. Or to anime like Samurai 7. Or of course to Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through the shortcomings or passing moments, Miike is all the way with the sensations of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here Ryunosuke plays Kamiki Tadashi, the prototypical boy who is gullible and sensitive to things in the world but becomes the hero in a world that walks in the dark. The darkness comes from a wicked wizard who draws his energy from all the anger and miserable mood in the human world and also begins to kill the spirits and other creatures Yokhai into a fire that sends them into a fire of gigantic robots who have only one mission - destroying and killing everything on their way. Tadashi has come into the fight against Sato, the magician, as the Yokai, once Sato's captain and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill's Chiaki Kuriyama, another big villain), stealing Tadashi's little furry companion, a sunekosuri. Soon things will feel to a climax reminiscent of many other fantasy films and stories, but can only be limited by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for children, but in the forward note it is not a confused fantasy in American circles. There are plenty of creatures here, including a one-eyed umbrella stand and a wandering wall, not to mention a turtle, a snake and a woman cursed by Sato. Diversity is so high in this area, and one could almost feel like the creatures and effects - which increases to unfathomable heights when the "festival" is reached with the Yokai reaching hundreds of kilometers. But there is also a sense of fantasy that is strong in both light and dark, and Sunekosuri may be the greatest emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because cuteness is squared). where else to upset an audience than over a furry little ball of fury that ends in a tragic fight with Tadashi in robot form? Despite all this, the feeling of anarchy found in the brightest parts of Miike's career is also here, which sets him apart from his animated, muppet and sci-fi colleagues. There is the bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beans at a crucial moment of climax, and more than a few fantastic flights with the creatures and battle scenes (I loved the man with the big blue head, for example ) who needs to make it smaller, or the timid turtle (Yokai). The biggest threat to Miike's access to major special effects and computer spells he flirts with is exaggerated at this point. I'm sure he's got everything under control with storyboards, and he creates memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them is when all is said and done, and Tadashi and the "other" human figure are in the middle of Tokyo debris in one Overhead shot), but the CGI is sometimes a little convincing with the robots, and the interplay assumes TOO to be flamboyant, and some visual elements, such as the overlaying of the Yokai, which spread the word on the card seem weak and pat. I almost wondered if Miike, frankly, could plunge into (bad) Spy Kids area. <br /> <br /> But apart from the fact that the Great Yokai War offers more than a little of the excitement, the silly thrill and the innocent melodrama came with many of the best childhood fantasies. It is due to the cinema and traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws turn themselves into their most ridiculous and confusing beats. It's not the filmmaker at its best, but experimenting in a commercial medium has the benefit of it. It has a nice little message and many cool adventures. 7.5 / 10
