Many people are hung up on this movie day as a "children's movie," and that's certainly it, even though it was made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, especially the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard into the wild area of ​​the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> The setup is simple: a boy is selected to play the "hero". In this annual festival it is much more real to discover his role than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, bizarre, and often funny journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but wait, there's a bad bad guy who wants to destroy the world. The villain here, however, is not a mere demon, but the demon spirit of the accumulated resentment of the things humans "use" and "discard". Using a chamber of pure liquid hatred, the villain transforms the vivacious, colorful Yokai spirits into soulless, ten-foot-high robots whose chainsaws for arms and eyes are like burning coals (the ones who played the video game, Sonic The Hedghog , may remember.) a certain dr. Robotnik, who performs similar procedures as the cute and cuddly boys Sonic then had to "free".) The hero in this movie is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the straight man a world that has suddenly gone crazy , Although he goes through the typical heroic process, he often crouches, like many of the Yokia themselves, who really seem defenseless against the murderous robots. Some ghosts are umbrellas with eyes, walls talking or beings whose soul serves beans in life ... in this magical world of Miike's Yokai War, even beans take on a magical power when you believe in them. <br /> <br /> This film is in many ways subject to the usual conventions of children's imagination. as few as none of the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of coincidence, almost any belief and the desire for party. The Yokai ghosts are only gathering together and besieging the hideout of the villains after holding the end of the Earth's global invasion for a big Yokai festival and even then just for dancing and celebrating. Nor does the film end with the usual festivities that have a good end to the fantasy, but with a final scene that shows that our hero is older, with an adult job and now no longer able to bring the yokai ghosts to his youth then they turn to each other desperately. The villain, the spirit, can never really die. This ending, with its Yokai mind, which is the spiteful image of Pokemon's Pikachu, warns us not only to leave our childlike self, but the horror of overconsumption. The villain is a resentment that is caused when people are no longer in awe of the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore, almost every object has a kind of spirit), and so when used and discarded in consumer societies without reverence They become soulless vengeful machines, as in modern video games, suggesting that our notions and myths can not really die but be deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has contributed to, and I believe that shows that there is conceptually a narrowness that is sometimes swept under the carpet by its exuberance for visual playfulness. Although I've focused mainly on the story (as many users seem to be copying off), I'd like to say that visually it's a kaleidoscope of CGI to stop animations, costumes, and live puppetry. This works remarkably well. Many of the films have a fantastic quality, and the Miyazaki comparisons are just as justified as the NeverEnding Story and Labrynth comparisons, though this film is sharper and more adult. The yokai are beaten, brutalized and made into machines of living hatred that I believe kill even a few people. A malformed, broken calf with a male face is born and dies in the grotesque movies, while a sexual undercurrent brings with it the women - the long neck licking the face of our young hero, or other characters posing as a boy to the thigh of one Reminiscent of young, lightly dressed water spirits seem to be a bit too long for most western tastes, especially considering that this is a "children's movie". However, these are small enough to attract adult attention as long as they are small enough not to traumatize children too much. Grim's fairy tales, before revisions, were much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All this is one of Miikes' most accessible and stimulating undertakings, with enough visual drama and great performances (the Yokai ghosts have it.) a humanism and an absurd sense of humor for them (that's sometimes weirdly) to appeal to an audience of all ages, and a constant conceptual undercurrent strong enough to attract an adult audience that may have brought his children or come from another feeling of nostalgia for their long-lost fantasy films Youth. The latter group to which the film addresses seems to ask the most passionate question, that not only do they continue the passive consumption of the world around them, but they also reverence the spirits in them, who came much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, witty and truly original film by an exciting director who has not come close to his peak. Instant classic.
