A fantastic show and an unrealized classic; The League of Gentlemen is still one of the biggest modern comedies of recent times. <br /> <br /> With a dark and bizarre humor that transcends the tired, formulaic approach of his inferior, but unfortunately far more acclaimed successor, Little Britain, the League of Gentlemen was really in a rather quiet epoch of British comedy something special. Until the arrival at the scene, there had never been anything like The League of Gentlemen. Superficially, a seemingly simplistic sketch show, the show soon unfolds into a vibrant, eerie, yet hilarious universe populated with all sorts of brilliant comic creations. What truly sets the show apart from its competitors is the approach of communicating its story to us. Instead of serving sketches sketched again that are barely distinguishable from the next one, we see here that every single or every group of characters goes through their various travels and storylines. No visit is the same, and each time they surprise us. <br /> <br /> Gradually, over three series and a Christmas special, the fictional town of Royston Vasey is still grotesquely hilarious in population. And that's probably the main reason why the show is so much fun to watch (and also the reason why the series would easily earn more series.) Unlike other current shows like The Catherine Tate Show or especially Little Britain, both know When a character has completed his course and has the opportunity to deal with it. Several fan favorites that could easily be entertained to talk further crowded out before the end of the series leaving space for other characters to continue growing, or allowing newer Royston Vasey residents to make a name for themselves , <br /> <br /> Another thing that puts this show in the limelight is that the writing team approach the scripting process with care and intelligence. As mentioned earlier, all four members of the league have a sound mind when it comes to judging the longevity of their creations and when it's time to break them down in terms of specific characters. This awareness has also meant that The League of Gentlemen is undergoing a bold development that is normally unseen on a show of this kind. The narrative and far darker third series is a bold move away from the more sketched first two series, and this bold step of the league is paying off. With the third series it is less urgent that they delight an audience, and like the Christmas special, they follow individual stories with a clear narrative, as opposed to the more sketch-based previous series that combine (successfully) different sets of scenes sketched into one long story arc of the series. <br /> <br /> The third series is both a refreshing change in style and a real treat for fans who have already seen the first two. Despite some polarized opinions on the third series, every fan of the league will appreciate what the third series has to offer, and really appreciate the more character-based episodes that only delve deeper into the fans' favorites but connect with each other , Wine characters who have not crossed before. <br /> <br /> It may take a while for the style to change, but it's definitely worth it, and in my opinion, the third series is the best, too, offering a solid end to the series. <br /> <br /> The show is not without its drawbacks, and occasionally certain characters and set pieces seem a bit out of place, but for the most part the show's ingenious writing, the show's dark nature and the brilliant character presenter (which often accompanies everyday life make it a real pleasure to prove what Comedy is all about, and disgrace much of the newer, phrases-driven and often desperate attempts at comedy
