I can not believe that this show has been aired for the first time in ten years on television and thrills audiences with its unique mix of comedy and horror. This is the show that produced a good deal of modern British humor: Terrible's House of Horrible; Garth Marenghi's dark space; The mighty Boosh; Snuffbox. Many have imitated the style of this show, and I do not deny that some have outdone their quality. But Jermy Dyson deserves to remember that he started this trend with actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith. <br /> <br /> Together, they founded Royston Vasey, an eerie little town in England's idyllic countryside, where tourists have no idea and passers-by meet an obsessed couple who want to keep the city local and free of strangers; where unemployed people in the job center are abused and insulted; where a farmer uses real people as scarecrows; where a veterinarian kills all the animals he tries to heal; where a gypsy circus abducts people; and where the butcher adds something mysterious to the food, but irresistible to hang the people. <br /> <br /> This is just a hint of what the viewer in The League of Gentlemen can find. The three actors alone bring dozens and dozens of unique characters to the world. The make-up and prosthetics are so good that I actually thought I see more actors on the show than usual. But it's also a great show: the way they change their voices and body movements the people to other people. Most jokes start with something everyday, from real life, and then become disconcerting, sometimes stubborn. Sometimes it's pure horror without set-up, as in Papa Lazarous's character. Imagine a spooky circus owner hurling himself into someone's house and kidnapping women to his wives. No explanation given It's so scary. Then there are the numerous references to horror movies: Se7en, The Silence of the Lambs, Nosferatu, The Exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Fans of horror will love it, fans of the comedy will love it. As every traveler knows, there is a sign saying "Welcome to Royston Vasey: you'll never go". Any spectator who gives this show a chance will agree. If you've discovered The League of Gentlemen, you'll never want anything else, you'll never forget it.
