This is probably the best TV program I have ever seen. I saw it on Comedy Central for the first time a few years ago. At the time I was unaware that it was dramatically edited and not shown in sequence. I had just seen all three series in order and unedited (thanks internet and your wondrous "series of tubes"). I am SO GLAD I have rediscovered it! I think Comedy Central chose the first and second series to make a "season" ... and I tried to get friends and family involved, but nobody really seemed to like it (I need that.) New ones friends). So I made the best of myself for myself. Even when I felt it was easing, I still felt compelled to continue watching. When I discovered Little Britain, I immediately realized that Pauline had influenced by LoG Marjorie in Fat Fighters. I also love the idea of ​​authors playing the entire show ... (not new, but impeccably done here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt & David ... I love you)! This is indeed a dark comedic genius. Serial murder, implied cannibalism ..... you name it and it's likely to be found in this wonderful, unique piece of TV art. The filming locations of the first scene itself are daunting and seem to lure you into the city of Royston Vasey ... they'll never go! I think my favorite character would be Tubbs, but every character has his own "charm." My worst favorite was Papa Lazarous until he reappeared in the third series (clever and totally unexpected). It's best to watch several episodes in a row as they drive continuity and, as I said earlier, so convincing (at the time of kicking off) that you really can not stop watching. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandma (unless you have a cheeky granny)! I've always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to Keep Up Up Appearances, Absolutely Fabulous and the British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their US counterparts ... sorry) , This differs from all others in the fact that the line between what is funny and what is just sick and twisted is completely redrawn. Nothing, NOTHING on US television has always come close to this level of entertainment. The US television is so sad and lame that I can hardly bear to see ANY of it. It's kind of sad that even our cable channels do not have the guts to show unedited versions of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are shows like these that come from "Across the Pond" and use the entire medium every decade. Basic cables here in the US have taken tiny steps in recent years to convince with more graphics, sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still years away from just deciding to be adults and real life to show adult behavior (instead of just killing obsession and blowing things up, shit, it's like the same show format for the past 35 years)! Do not even let me start on US sitcoms! Waste of time and a lot of wasted money ...... did you know that "Jim says" has been in the air for 10 years ??? TEN YEARS?? Anyway ... Watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need and then get your friends to watch it too! You have never seen anything like it. There are three specials that I have not seen yet ... I save them to appear on my best friend's next visit. He will watch her, even if I have to chain him and paint with excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that the third series deviates from one and two ... the larger city seems to fall away to focus on newer characters The story takes place outside of Royston Vasey. Do not let that scare you off, because in the end, the series has preserved the quiet perversity first shown in the first and second series. I think those four guys created something indefinite. Brilliant, confident and absolutely denied. You will want to see it again and again. It's amazing that in five seconds of screen time, they can go from cheap sight to terrible blasphemy and then close with a single facial expression of an actor. If I ever met any of the authors / interpreters, I would ask them not to re-create or surpass it. I would just say "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would probably beat me, so I would ask them to sign the sign)! 10 out of 10
