This film is a little reminiscent of the German film THE NEVERENDING STORY, because a child is magically transported to a foreign land to be a hero. With far superior modern technology, dolls and CGI are used to create an amazingly realistic looking world - one that will blow your socks off because of their realism and scope. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed this movie. but boy it was a chore first! Unfortunately, for most people in the West, this film is a movie that you can quickly give up or reject, as everything in the movie seems so strange. Give him a chance. Do not think or try to understand everything you see. Just let the story unfold and you'll most likely enjoy the movie. Give adults who watch Miyazaki's SPIRITED AWAY because it's very similar and has loads of yokai (Japanese mythical spirits). The big difference between the two is that THE GREAT YOKAI WAR is live action and SPIRITED AWAY is a lot more kid friendly. Although I think that THE GREAT YOKAI WAR was primarily intended as a children's movie, most parents do not want to show it to younger children in the US because it is so violent, sinister, and shows some adult behaviors. So who is the audience in the West? Well, older children and adults who value foreign films with non-Western themes and compositions. This is indeed a pretty tight audience! <br /> <br /> Watch out for all the weird little details. In fact, you could watch the movie dozens of times and notice other tiny things each time. Some of the funny references I liked were the commentary on Gamera, the scene with the commentary "KIDS: Do not try it at home" and the use of Kirin beer so a person can actually see the Yokai ( hmm, ... maybe this scene should have included this warning too)! <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Miike, by the way, is hard to pin down stylistically, except that none of his stories I've seen seemed "normal". Some of his films are pretty disgusting and disturbing, and I hated them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and some of the best movies I've ever seen (THE LUCK OF KATAKURIS). One thing is for sure, it's hard to see one of his films and not react strongly in one way or another.
