Simon Pegg plays the role of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who has begun the career of a grassroots magazine magazine that specializes in spoiling the superficiality and superficiality of the rich and famous. He has a career in conquering celebrities, though he has a desperate desire to become a celebrity himself. The film is based on the very bizarre career of Toby Young, who also published a small magazine called Modern Review in the UK, in which he uttered almost every conceivable criticism, until he published the magazine in an oral hail of verbal bullets with his co closed-editor and then went on to make a spectacular career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is pretty much the part of his life that is told in this film. <br /> <br /> At first, he is excited to work for a major release (called Sharp's Magazine in the movie), and despite his active nerves, he radiates positively on his first day. He meets editor-in-chief Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is tough as nails, but also the editor he needs to do a job like Young to keep his job in the magazine. He offers little in the way of Young's immediate acceptance, but he also has something that can only be described as a liberal tolerance of Youngs off-the-wall antics and inappropriate behavior. Much of the comedy in the film is due to Young's misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted code of conduct of the public and the pervasive use of the rich and famous. But Sidney's reasons to act in such a funny way and to give outwardly offensive interviews is that he believes that he abhors the entire celebrity culture and apparently believes in this age-old adage? "If you can not beat them, join them and then beat them." <br /> <br /> The thing is complicated by two very different women. There's a charming, normal girl in the magazine called Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who is first horrified by Sidney's obvious arrogance and feminine style, and a stunning model called Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents the celebrity culture. Needless to say, Sidney's endless attack on superficiality and celebrity is a superficial pleasure for Sophie, who looks like a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is amazingly beautiful, but she's also right, as if she does not have a single thought in her head. Alison is a normal girl. not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person: a relationship with her would have the reality of a Britney Spears marriage, and yet the film remains believable, for despite this obvious attitude, we also feel Sidney's pain, she not to pursue (at least I felt it). <br /> <br /> H ow To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfying performances, and although it turns into part of your usual romantic comedy in the third act, it has a myriad of them well-developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance as Alison's other love interest pays homage to The Big Lebowski (also with Bridges) with his ubiquitous White Russian, one of my personal favorite drinks. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I'm looking forward to the day Simon Pegg will branch out a bit because I love his films, but I'm totally unsure of his reach. He played a serious role in Hot Fuzz, but only seriously regarding the madness that surrounded him, and eventually regained what he had been in Shaun the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and quite often How to lose friends. He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
