I had been looking forward to losing friends and other people for months, mainly because of the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg played the main role. Simon Pegg is a comedic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been a favorite actress of mine. How to lose friends and alienation? Of course not perfect, but very pleasant and funny. How To Lose Friends & Alienate People traces the life of Sidney Young, a small buzzing British celebrity journalist hired by an exclusive magazine in New York City. Sidney enters the high society in spectacular fashion and builds bridges with bosses, colleagues and superstars. Sidney caught the attention of Clayton Harding, publisher of Sharp, after taking on a black tie event in which he let a wild pig run rampant, and takes a job at the New York City magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that if he wants to succeed, he should impress and charm everyone. Instead, Sidney offends and upset the writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to attack the star clients of power journalist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also upset his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy almost anyone. His saving grace, a rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a strange affection for him. Over time, Allison's friendship could be the only thing that saved Sydney from his downward career. The plot is very interesting and the acting was first class with what was given to the actors. Simon Pegg is still funny! He makes Sydney awkward, vile and annoying as it gets, but later on Sydney not only becomes sympathetic, but also a real character to end up with. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had some wonderful acting and funny scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff Fucking Bridges! How can you not like him ?! He makes Clayton a very humorous character with a little joke and overall, he loves the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as supporting actors. Everyone had their own personality, which was unlikely on the whole, but that's what made the movie a success. One thing I did not enjoy was how one-dimensional some characters were. I understand that most of them were the minor cast but some of the performers were not used and could have spiced up the movie a bit more. How to Lose Friends and Alienation People will never be in the top 10 films or even in the top 10 comedies, but they have a very high level of entertainment and some scenes may even enchant you. How to lose friends and other people is definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8.10
