We first saw this film as part of a festival for new Argentine films in 2000 by Walter Reade. Although we liked it, we did not find it exceptional. We saw it a second time and found another meaning in this view of life in Buenos Aires. <br /> <br /> The film takes place on one of the darkest days in Argentina when the DeLaRua government came to an end. The country was in turmoil as the economy, which flourished in the early 1990s, was created under the artificial climate created by President Menen. It was a time when bank accounts were frozen in dollars and people had a nightmare. The story begins when Santamarina, a bank clerk, is fired because of the collapse of the economy. Instead of receiving pity from his wife, she locks him out of the apartment and becomes a homeless person for practical reasons. He goes out on the street and tries to make ends meet. <br /> <br /> The other story is Ariel, a young Jew interviewed for a job in a Spanish company. It's almost a miracle that he gets the job. His father Simon owns a small restaurant in the Jewish quarter "El Once" in the city center. Things are getting worse as Ariel's mother suddenly dies. Only Estela, the young woman who falls in love with Ariel, helps father and son. Santamarina, a pure man, needs to take a shower wherever he can. He chooses a ladies room in one of the subway stations. When the companion, Elsa, finds him naked, she becomes angry, but comes to her senses when she realizes the unfortunate circumstances of this man, who has seen better times. They become romantically involved, and Santamarina finds a child on one of his trips through the rubbish. Elsa, though surprised, wants to do the right thing. But Santamarina convinces her of the importance of an innocent life in her life and will solidify her love. <br /> <br /> Ariel, who has met the beautiful Laura at work, begins a turbulent and serious sexuality with his beautiful worker, who is unknown to him, is involved in a lesbian affair. Ariel, who releases lances by photographing weddings and other occasions, feels Laura's passion, but he realizes what Estela has sacrificed to help his father and still loves him. Daniel Burman, whose "El Abrazo" "Partido" we found outstanding, worked with this movie wonders. After a second look, things are put into perspective, and we must apologize for not having noticed them the first time. If anything, the nuances of screenplay written by Mr. Burman and Emiliano Torres make more sense as they reflect the turmoil the country has experienced in those dark days. Daniel Hendler, who plays Ariel, previously worked with Mr. Burman on surprising results. He's not a movie star, but he looks good. This actor radiates a tremendous sincerity in his work. Enrique Pineyro is another great surprise. His Santamarina is disarming. Despite all the bad things that have fallen on him, he keeps a rosy attitude towards all that he encounters. Stefania Sandrelli, the interesting Italian actress, contributes significantly to the film with her Elsa. Hector Alterio, one of the best Argentine actors, plays the small role of Simon. The beautiful Chiara Coselli can be seen when Laura and Melina Petrielli appear as noble Estela. <br /> <br /> "Esperando al mesias" proves that Daniel Burman is a voice in Argentine cinema.
