Also known as Big Spook War. The Great Yokai War is Miike's attempt to make a family movie, and he also does damned good work. The problem is that I can not imagine that many parents want their children to undergo this film. The best children's films are the ones that are scary or slightly disturbing images, Neverending Story and Return to Oz, but in the case of the Great Yokai War, Miike is probably taking things too far. At the screening, I was repeating to the person presenting the film that it probably was not very fitting. The film begins with the young hero of the play who introduces himself and explains about his current family problems. This brief moment of madness is sharply broken as a cow gives birth to a calf with the face of a human who screams that something terrible is coming before he dies like an abomination (it is quite possible that the creature's sheer ugliness may be that) is.) some bizarre quato homage). After an incredible introduction to main villain Kato and his henchman Agi (a surprisingly attractive Chiaki Kuriyami) through an apocalyptic army deployment. The story returns to normal for a while, but it does not take long for all logic to go down the drain and the boy collides with a group of Miyazaki to eliminate the evil wizard. <br /> <br /> The plot of the movie is pretty simple and sometimes surprisingly trite. The whole thing seems completely out of place in a movie that regularly breaks stereotypes, but is backed by a simple, impressive vision of a magical world. This is really a Miyazaki movie made into a live action movie, albeit a bit more sour and vicious than the usual Miyazaki movie. <br /> <br /> The film is simply a pleasure to see the designs of the Yokai is colorful, and largely practical, while the evil robot monstrosities, while not the best CGI in the world, have a practical applicability and threat However, it is far more than a tangible threat than you could imagine. The cast is excellent, they make their characters appear natural, which is of course worth keeping in mind as most of them are in full body make-up or latex suits. Even Agi, who is stuffed with a ridiculous beehive, looks sultry and deadly due to Kuriyami's surprisingly excellent acting. <br /> <br /> While the film has many elements that firmly immerse it in the field of family movies; sweet creatures, young heroes, a thoroughly evil villain, a sense of mischief and adventure, and a conspicuous lack of violence. There are elements that question whether Miike should have directed such a film. <br /> <br /> The robotic army is a truly terrible threat to everyday life that is discarded in monstrous beasts that look like T-101 without skin and additional chainsaws. These animals tear characters into pieces; Suck creatures into their bloodied mouths and kidnap children from their homes by dragging them right under their parents' noses before they afford a little paternal killing. <br /> <br /> Creature creation is equally stressful for young minds. The yokai, essentially the heroes, are led into a huge furnace containing a liquefied form of hate that attacks the Yokai's flesh, forcing their angry souls to possess lumps of metal. If kids thought the smoldering Anakin was bad, wait until they see a man-sized hedgehog burned in a vat of molten hate for a minute before turning into a vile motorcycle. There are also limbs in which a severed hand twitches in front of the blood dripping camera, a whole lot of sexual energy (Agi wears a dress designed specifically for fan service, and seems to sleep only with Kato as motivation The Princess The river carries virtually nothing and has her thighs scanned in several scenes from the young hero, and the general humor that goes beyond the heads of those for whom this technicolor wonder was apparently designed. <br /> <br Spoiler An example The reason being that the Yokai are only interested in the final battle if they think it's a big party, and the ensuing battle was more a festival than anything else, with beer, surfing, and Moshing Agi slams the tar from a cute, furry creature seems to shake the masses who are shaken by the Pokemon Overkill End-spoiler At the end of the day, the Great Yokai War is easily over Feel Miikes stronger new films. It lacks something of the perverted charm of Gozu or Ichi, but it constantly pushes the audience onto a street of general insanity. In fact, this is easily Miike's most confused movie because he embraces the sheer magic of the subject so wholeheartedly. <br /> <br /> It's worth a clock just for the occasional flash of Gogo ass.
