Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when people are not around. In this adventure they have to rescue a kidnapped French doll called Babette from the pirate captain. On the way they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will the adjutant of her new boyfriend The Camel With Wrinkled Knee help or simply slow her down when his girlfriends hallucinate? How will you escape the Kookoo King and his henchmen? What will her owner Marcella say when she sees her 7th birthday present doll along with her other toys? Surprising surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All points are from a possible 10: Story: 8 - very cute. Dolls that come to life when Master is not there. Not only because they go out in many different places, but in an imaginary world so that everything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places, find new friends, it's great. The characters work so well and who does not love pirates ?! Acting: 8 - Every character fits so well with his voice. Especially the Marlon Brando Taffy Pit enemy The Gier. The French doll has a very upright French accent, the evil Hitler king Kookoo (who has hair resembling Simpson's sideshow bob) plays his part very well, and Camel's old black voice for Camel works perfectly. Why was it that old synchronized animations were so much better than new ones? Music: 10 - This is about perfection. The songs have been in my head for years and almost 20 years later I still looked at them. I can still remember each one of them and can now know exactly where these songs come from. Joe Raposo from "Sesame Street" has done a great job with the songs and everyone is singing really well. <br /> <br /> Editing: 6 - Heh, it gets confusing. I mean, how far have the raggedys gone? Many events seem to occur one after the other, and it is unclear who the other dolls and toys were like in the film's real world, but they follow a path and they know they will come at some point They go where they have to go, it's pretty hard to follow sometimes. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico, I have to say that there are parts in both films that I'll never forget how much I try. Mainly the scary parts. I've probably already mentioned that older movies were a lot scarier than today's animations, but this makes the cake into the scary factor. Outside the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals or good ones coming out, so very unique. <br /> <br/> Worth: 8- It's a classic. It's definitely worth getting a good copy, but the VHS copies are probably all stretched out. The DVD version is constantly available on Ebay and will definitely be something that you will see more than once. When something is needed for nostalgic purposes. <br /> <br /> Overall Rating (No Average): 8 - It's a wonderful, timeless musical from the late 70's that can still be enjoyed today. His characters are all unique and the songs are great. So great that you humming it over and over again. Embrace your favorite cuddly toy today! Reviewer's Insight: This is not what the Raggedy Ann TV series did a decade later. This was much darker and more real. The effects of this effect, like many other Acid Trip cartoons of the 70s, especially the Yellow Submarine. Nevertheless, I have memories that I will never forget and that could influence things today. It was not easy to find, but it remains a treasure that I can keep forever in my collection of DVDs and videos.
