Oh, boy, God bless the 70s, we got some of the horrible movies of the decade: The Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This film must be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I was curious what kind of movie she would make out of a doll that came out of the Great Depression for kids with very little pocket money. What the hell? It's a bit weird how this movie is the 1970s version of Toy Story, pretty much limited to a key, only that was a thousand times scarier. Disney had Alice in Wonderland to attend the drug tours for the kids. <br /> <br Whenever Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann and her brother Raggedy come to life with Andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys. On Marcella's birthday comes a new doll, Babette, from Paris, France, to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know she's a doll, but friendly Raggedy Ann does her best to make Babette feel at home. Pirate captain Contagious, however, kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy set out to save her before Marcella discovers that Babette has disappeared. Outside the nursery, they both meet the crumpled-kneed camel, a blue toy camel that was rejected by former owners and is now heartbroken and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy have taken a ride on the camel, he follows his hallucinations and runs, without looking, over the edge of a cliff into a deep pit. In this pit, they meet the greedy, who is a huge, frozen lump of toffee that eats constantly and is never full. The Raggedys and the Camel escape short to be consumed by the greedy and continue their journey to find Babette? and believe me, it just gets weirder from that point on. <br /> <br /> Although this movie was definitely annoying and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during much of the movie, it was actually pretty creative. Back in the days when we had hand-drawn animations that made movies more personal, and writers and animators were wholeheartedly involved, you could say they did that with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This was certainly not the worst movie I have ever seen, I just do not know who to recommend. As anxious as I was, I have to admit, I am glad that I have seen it, sometimes you need a "WTF?!" Film to refine your selection, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann has not been a problem with doing just that to me. It's official that the doll is just scary. Let's just put it this way: There's a huge caramel flow that eats everything, a king whose head keeps getting bigger as he laughs, a bizarre thing that is Raggedy Ann and her brother, a weird incest between Ann and Andy and a few naked dolls who will pursue my dreams forever with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
