I've done some sightseeing to really wrap myself around this, but for me, Kali's Tears is one of the horror highlights of the 00s and as far as independent horror is a true masterpiece. An anthology horror that picks up on the story of the fictional Taylor-Eriksson group, a kind of Indian cult whose members set off in search of ultimate self-awareness and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that recur over the years. The alphabet segment set in India consists mainly of three histories set in Germany that illustrate the aftermath of the Taylor-Eriksson group's work, and sometimes with rather nasty flatulence. It's an interesting take while these things are going on, but what sets this movie apart is the way in which the pictures are set so carefully that they develop the horror of the movie. Bad things have been released and the general course of the film is a look at how the quest for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings patients, healers and other horrors and the film is loaded with intelligent visual clues to the power of the dark forces it treats dark forces that are not bound by time, place or even personality. Good examples of this can be found especially in the first story, which is about a journalist interviewing a woman in a mental hospital. Before this story, we saw Lars Eriksson and especially his shaky (Lazy?) Eye heal him or at least comfort a patient. The mental patient of the first story is seen in the same posture in which Eriksson heals a fellow patient. She also grabs the canvas from the art lessons she guides among her fellow patients, and one of her pictures is on display, a face with a lazy eye like Eriksson's. There is also evidence of folk in tiny roles, extras, and walk-ons that show extra sensory perceptions of what's going on in the film, and show how malignant this development spreads and almost infects others. The film involves more than just the evil inside the film, it is a film about death, suffering and possible salvation, all bound in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that looks like it's just about However, exploitation would be more related to actual beliefs than you might expect (at least from my research on Wikipedia). The writer / director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves a remarkable thank you for his ability to construct the film. The movie is not only thought-provoking, it's also pretty daunting, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a great, weird piano jingle, and there are some notable performances, Michael Balaun as a weird doctor and especially Cora Chilcot as a mad patient good , The third story also has a good turn of Mathieu Carrière as a faith healer. The film's biggest problem is that it's not like it's going to take a lot of time, so the potential for anxiety is lost, but these and some other performances get pretty good engagement. Well, the movie is not quite as gripping as it could be, occasionally pacing occasionally, but mostly I thought it would be pretty great, albeit a shadow behind its possible brilliance. For adventurous horror fans, it pays to look, I think.
