Where was this movie when I was a kid? After his parents split up, Tadashi moves with his mother to his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with her father and they often talk on the phone. The grandfather is only "here" every third day. Mothers are never really at home. The children are always looking for the poor child. During a village festival, Tadashi is chosen as the "kirin rider" or spiritual advocate of peace and justice. Little does he know that he will soon have to step into the role of the hero, when the forces of darkness agree with the rage of things that were discarded in a plan to destroy humanity and the spiritual world was the easy part. Now comes the hard part trying to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great children's movie. No, that's a great movie, flawed (very flawed?), But still a great movie. It unfolds like all those great books you loved as a child and is sometimes as dense as Tadashi, who strives to find the strength to become a hero. When I saw that, I felt like I read a great book and thought about how big that would be if it was a book. I thought it was great that the movie is not normal. Things often happen by chance or by misunderstanding, a character is drawn into the events just because his foot is going to fall asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that look like non-sequencers and are all the more charming (which is typical of Miike). Certainly it is a Takashi Miike movie. This Japanese film master is clearly responsible for a film that is often touching, scary and funny at the same time. Nobody but Miike seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time or that you can suddenly have twists and turns when things get dark and then the next one becomes funny. I admire the fact that Miike has made a gritty and hopeful film that is not scary, I mean really scary, especially for kids. This is the same dark area that should be in the Harry Potter movies but is rare. This is a dark Grimms story with humor. When I saw the start picture, my first reaction was that I could not believe that someone would start a children's film with a picture of the end of the world. Then I realized who made the movie. Hats off to Miike for making a movie that knows children can handle the frightening images. <br /> <br /> It also works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that make the bad guys are forged from the rubbish of humanity. It's the anger to be thrown away that drives the monsters. One of the yokai (ghosts) talks about the rage sneakers that are thrown away because they are dirty or feel too small when thrown. They also have one of the good guys who refuse to join the bad guys because that's the human thing. It's a wild concept, but like other things that take the movie to another level. (There are many riffs and references to other movies, TV shows, and novels that make me wonder who this movie is for, as children may not understand them, though many parents will.) And of course there are the monsters. They range from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in between. To be honest, one has to forgive the unevenness of their creation simply because there are hundreds if not thousands of monsters on the canvas. It's cool and it works. One of the main characters is a yokai, best described as a hamster in a tunic, often played by a stuffed animal. He looks stupid and yet you will cheer on the little fool and love every moment he rides on Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts of the weird Japanese monsters.) I mentioned mistakes, and there are some. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden twists are a bit strange (though understandable) and some other smaller things are now easing off about two hours after watching the movie. Neither of them really hurt the movie, but most of all somehow kept them from being completely satisfied with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I'm pretty sure it would have been my favorite movie of all time, seeing it as a kid. (where is the English dub?) Watch this movie. It's a great trip. (Apart from that, it's a good introduction to Miike's films without blood and graphic sex.)
