Announced by Takashi Miike as the "first family movie" - by people who probably did not see Zebraman. YOKAI DAISENSO goes even further in the direction of family friendliness, diluting the darkness and cynicism into a great fantasy fairy tale. A boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors of which they know very little. The movie obviously has a bigger budget than anything else Miike has done, with lots of CGI to create a fantasy world populated by odd creatures (the YOKAI). Maybe the lack of extreme content is a result of more nervous investors, but I think it's probably just that he wanted to do something different. He was never really a hobbyhorse but is often accused - maybe YOKAI is meant to silence those critics. Anyway, it's a great project for Miike to bring in his boundless imagination and invention. <br /> <br /> There is a very cartoon-like feeling in the production that makes Miyazaki think in places. The Yokai are based on an old series of comics based on Japanese folk tales, which has certainly influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). It must be remembered that Miike has nothing to do with the budget of a Harry Potter movie, so the special effects are not a seamless Hollywood style work - some blue screenings are particularly obvious. However, some of the special effects are great, with some very well animated creatures (a mix of CG, stop-motion, and puppetry). I think the little sock puppet that follows the hero for much of the movie should * really * look cheap and is anything but nice :) The young guy who plays the hero of the movie does a really good job - it is so hard to find a pre-teen who really understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a real talent (I see he has played voices in the last 2 Miyazaki films!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as the villain of the play, though Mai Takahashi made an even bigger impression than the pixie-eared River Princess - yum yum! Those who seek another violent, perverted gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI. However, if you're a fan of Miike because he's so resourceful and funny, there's plenty to satisfy here. And it has the added bonus of being able to use it for any company you have :)
