It was televised yesterday, so I decided to check it out. This was one of the last DTV projects by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini to deal with their 1992 animated series Batman. Afterwards Jeff Matsuda came to rethink Batman with his new The Batman series, but the story of this new Batman The movie revolves around the appearance of a new Vigilante known as Batwoman. Batman, however, feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and in the meantime, Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, both secretly working with Carlton Duquesne (who has family problems), and another villain (later revealed in the film) in an arms smuggling operation, they also burden the Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they could be more than one? It's up to Batman to solve this puzzle and stop Penguin's latest operation. For an animated movie he has a pretty complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was the complete redesign of the penguin, which unlike its earlier designs, which borrowed elements from Tim Burton's vision of Pengium (Sewer Rat and Circus Freak), is more like the sophisticated mob boss we see in comics. Although the film contains a love subplot, it never gets carried so far and does not bare the movie like Batman Forever does. The voice output is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm took that route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, despite some very short 80 minutes, he manages to complete a pretty good (and complex) storyline with a few twists and lots of action. There are a few drawbacks, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I am sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne will not click as a couple, even though it is only pointed out that Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the US movie And to be honest, I've never been a big fan of Paul Dinis and Bruce Timm's Batman character design (especially in their Batman shows after BTAS), this Batman's and Robin's new adventures, well, somehow Batman looks fat then rather a well-built, massive man (kind of like the Jeff Matsuda character model of The Batman). Bruce Wayne looks a bit awkward, these blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent than Bruce (though it's true that they look very similar). Another downside is Rupert Throne (no explanation as to why he's involved in this deal, but it's safe to say he has a jerk and what's a deal break) who does little more than stick with the penguim or anybody He's pointing a gun at somebody (count how many times this happens in the movie, and you'll be surprised.) Overall, a good Batman animated movie that's worth at least one lending.
