THIS POST MAY INCLUDE SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the end of the series and WB was just working on the Justice League, this animated feature is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? When Mask of Phantasm completes Batman's first 70 episodes, the Animated Series and SubZero complete the 15 episodes of Batman and Robin's adventures. Then Mystery of the Batwoman completes the last 24 episodes of Batman. Kevin Conroy once again delivers a voice-over performance that means nothing less than excellence and perfection. I admit I was a bit suspicious when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about was the old Batman comics from the 50s. But the Batwoman figure, her look, her costume (which I suspected Bruce Wayne created on Batman Beyond), and the fact that this movie lets you guess who's sticking Batwoman all the way, blew me away. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo, and I think the authors were trying to show that Bruce and Barbara had something to do with each other, as in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and unfortunately there are no signs or mentions of Dick Grayson aka Nightwing, which is why I believe he has settled in Bludhaven (his city in the comics) the three suspects for Batwoman is my favorite Kathy Duquesne, who looks very much like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa has done an excellent job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the villains, I'm glad the penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just did not sound right. The same applies to Robin. The new one was okay, but just as I got used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It's interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who says Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of the joker in The Batman series. And finally we see how Rupert Thorne looks transformed since he did not show up in the Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be missing. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as the voice of Bane, when they needed to be replaced they had to get the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could use Two Face, Riddler or the scary new version of Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The music and especially the soft sounding intro were outstanding. I wish that was on a soundtrack and I particularly enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge along with her song Betcha Neva. While some feel that this film is weaker than the mask of the phantasm and the subzero, I find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest, and as I said, it's a full-length movie on Gotham Knights Version of Batman based I think gives a good balance. I would at least recommend renting this DVD first, before I buy it for those who may not like this movie, but personally worth the purchase. I give Mystery of the Batwoman a 9.
