"Capital City" fans are happy! This first season of this series is now available from Network DVD and I recently received my copy! Although CAPITAL CITY is an ensemble of important "Maverick" commercial figures, there are several moments during the first and second seasons in which each team member plays an important role in a particular central or peripheral parcel line. The cultural mix (English, Irish, American, German, Polish) of trader Wendy Foley's staff teams (played by Joanna Phillips-Lane) is well-balanced with their own distinctive behaviors, interests and personalities, which contributes to the rather unusual and to the Most people a seemingly barren subject of the financial trade, which draws itself to some extent by the captivating achievements of the occupation. In fact, this seemingly dynamic, young team of employees is in direct opposition to the more reputable and old-fashioned management of Shane Longman, represented by Lee Wolf (Richard Le Parmentier) and James Farrell (Denys Hawthorne). I suspect that such an unconventional way of working as used by Wendy's team would not have been a reality unless the youthful reticent "freethinker" Peter Longman had inherited his thirty percent stake in the business from his father and allowed a trend to be more relaxed and modern Business style becomes reality. To some extent, Wendy's (I believe to believe) immediate supervisor Leonard Ansen (John Bowe) follows the creation in the traditional manner of how the company is run. His preference for Wendy, however, rather sees that he rather occupies the middle ground. I think the main interest in the show is based on the seething, romantic appeal between Douglas Hodge's Declan and the cool, confident, blond German merchant Michelle Hauptmann (played by Trevyn McDowell), in which the crowd kept wondering if the situation was between These two colleagues would be beyond the close friendship / preference that they undoubtedly have. <br /> <br /> I'm looking forward to rummaging through this title and hopefully the second season of thirteen will not be too far away!
