It starts with several principles on a stage trip to Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the driver and starts his usual tirade against women in general, with his girlfriend Pearl being an exception. Then he tells a mutilated version of Samson's biblical story to justify his reticence of long whiskers against the desire of Pearl, who is no less the city barber, claiming that if everyone followed his example she would be out of business. This point will return to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems to be irritating to some reviewers but is a definite plus for this one. It's too bad he was no longer among the better Randoph Scott Westerns to help alleviate the usual iron-jaw behavior of Randy. On this stage are also Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), with whom he becomes known, and a little girl (Myrtle), to whom he will soon become a hero, if he saves her The runaway stage after the stooge of Randy's wheelchair uncle John Armin (George Cleveland), who rules the city, is stopped. Randy soon learns that his uncle and thus he himself is not popular with the city folk. However, he quickly makes a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that Uncle John was responsible for the stage of his competitor Celia Wallace and the related murder, he asks Uncle John to return the money and decides instead to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) for Uncle John. <br /> <br /> As the prospects of his rival rise, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, as Letty Tyler) in the Wallace office to keep him informed of the mining of mines delivers to the city so he can sabotage their run. If this does not work, he resorts to the draconian tactics of an arson of his own office, for which Randy is held responsible. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment, offering suggestive evidence that she was shouting at Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This brings him and Letty to the doghouse with Celia (his apparent friend) and Ted (hoping to court Letty). This message also ends Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informer and he suggests leaving the city. Instead she changes sides and tells the Wallaces why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John again tries to sabotage her ore, and if that fails, there is a shooting range in town. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and executed, with complicated relationships between the principles and with a multitude of obstacles that Randy can overcome, sometimes with the help of his peers. At least Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid an assassination, but arrogantly trusted that a woman might not have the courage to carry out her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful, healthy, single women as well as the little Myrtle helped alleviate the otherwise tense atmosphere in this struggle for survival, as Uncle John put it. Britton, the "bad" girl, becomes because of Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest , burdened with the female top bill. Barbara's camera time was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up in the Lassie TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to see such a vicious villain playing. We may wonder if his status as a wheelchair user affects that person. This gives him few opportunities to make a living in the Wild West. Without an obvious family supporting him (except Randy), he can not afford to let him beat a profitable business out of the city's most profitable business. On the other hand, his conversations probably gave him the status of "head of the city" before being handcuffed to a wheelchair.
