The above summary line that James Cloud (Robert Preston) spoke to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) says it all. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way to get things started. The only problem is that he usually leaves corpses where he has been. Not the sort of mentoring that Tom provides for younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when defending his ranch against indigenous Texan cattlemen, Younger Brother, 'in this first appearance. That seemed pretty weird, especially since Jeff was almost immediately into the story. At about the age of eighteen, he has a passing resemblance to Sean Penn. I was unfamiliar with any personal and legal issues throughout his career and alienation from his family, and I wondered if his daughter Drew Barrymore had ever seen this picture. I tend not to think. <br /> <br /> On the subject of similarities, I was also impressed by the idea that young Robert Sterling looked a bit like Roy Rogers at the beginning of his career. Since I only knew Sterling from his role as George Kerby in the early '50s TV show "Topper," I thought he looked out of place in a Western, but that could only be me. His character is encouraged by the ingenuity of his brother in creating difficulties and gives something good to this less typical story. Minor subplots abound, including the relationship racer John Gall (John Litel) kills with his son, the sheriff (who kills Kid Wichita), and the troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (the kid Wichita) ). Chill Wills completes the main cast as one of Tom's hired hands, and the numbers for the somewhat predictable finale. What is not quite predictable is how things eventually develop there, and that's why this Western collects points when following a less traveled one, hence not quite as formulaic as a good brother / brother. In combination with the versatile casting of the Principals, I would recommend one, even if you have to endure some of the jump cuts and careless editing that I experienced with my copy.
