"Ice Age" is one of the animated cartoons ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and published in 2002 as the company's first. We're introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge) AND PLEASE NOTE: The sound of Scrat's screaming is that of Tom's screaming from the "Tom and Jerry" cartoons), a woolly mammoth named Manny (voiced) from Ray Romano of "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a sloth named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE") and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (spoken by Denis Leary of Pixar's "A Bug's Life") /> <br /> The movie begins with Scrat trying to bury an acorn. Immediately afterwards he caused an avalanche. We then see a herd that moves south for the coming ice age (except for Manny, who is searching the other way and is looking for other mammoths that look like him). Sid comes yawning out of his den and sees that his family had left him. He then pays toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, he is persecuted by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a female orange sloth who wants Sid dragged along. Sid eventually joins Manny and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Near a human tribe, Soto (spoken by Goran Visnjic), a wicked saber-toothed tiger, wants revenge on the leader of the tribe because he has wiped out half of his pack, only by having his little son Roshan stole from him. In the morning he, Diego and Soto's henchmen Lenny (spoken by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (spoken by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (spoken by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife fled with Roshan and gave him the prisoner Manny and Sid to watch out for. Finally, Diego joins them and embarks on a journey to return Roshan to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? Besides Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia, and Roshan, there are the minor characters, including a pack of wolves used by the Roshan tribe, not to mention a fat female purple sloth named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski) and a thin female Yellow sloth named Rachel (voiced by Lorri Bagley) Sid shows her Roshan while relaxing in a tar pit. Incidentally, the two rhinos Carl (spoken by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI "Madagascar") and Frank (spoken by Pixar's "rooting" of Pixar's "Finding Nemo") are following Sid because they ruined their food and face Manny on a cliff simple secondary characters. The same applies to the Dodos who use melons as food supply. <br /> <br /> The gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his suitcase and says, "I'm not leaving!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the tar pit, Sid Jennifer asks, "What do you say when we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer then answers, "What do you say when you jump into the TAR PIT?" Rachel kicked Sid in the waist as well. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid with his teeth on his neck, then asks Sid if he's holding his breath, tells Diego to eat him, and walks away. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" not only is a success, but it has 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the other was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs ", which will be released next year. I can not wait to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will look like.
