The presentation by Lily Mars may have given Judy Garland one of the simpler roles she had in MGM, because Lily Mars is definitely a character she could identify with. She's a young girl with enough talent for ten and knows she has what it takes to make it in the theater, no matter how much the producer Van Heflin from her hometown discourages her as the girl decided to make it in the theater. Since Judy Garland is the talent of Judy Garland, you know in the audience that she has the right stuff, even though Van Heflin needs almost the entire movie to be convinced. Both Judy and Heflin are from the same small town. Heflin's father was the city doctor who expelled them and Heflin while possibly moving and becoming a major producer on Broadway. Their respective mothers, Fay Bainter and Spring Byington, remained in contact. This is her starter, but Heflin's constant sticking with kids' stick kids, but Lily never likes Mars. <br /> <br /> In Presenting Lily Mars for Garland, no really big song hits were found, even though she sings all her numbers. The best in the movie is a revival of this gaslight-era chestnut. Every little movement has its own meaning. Judy sings it with Connie Gilchrist, who plays the cleaning lady in a Broadway theater where Heflin's show is produced. Gilchrist was a star in the days of the FloraDora girls, and she and Judy recorded the song on a grand scale with Connie. It's the best scene in the movie when Gilchrist encourages Judy to stick to it. The composer Karl Hoschna died long ago, but the text writer Otto Harbach was still alive and I bet he liked what he heard. <br /> <br /> The European musical star Marta Eggerth is in presenting Lily Mars as star of the show Who is amused first, then angry and finally understands Garland and Heflin. She made a few films with MGM and then returned to Europe for more work on the continent. I bet MGM did not quite know what to do with her and her thick Hungarian accent, although Louis B. Mayer never met a soprano he did not like patient producer who does much of Garland and Eggerth. Heflin had just left his Oscar for Johnny Eager last year and he and Garland do not seem to be an ideal on-screen team, but they are not bad together. <br /> <br /> Presenting Lily Mars is a fine showcase for the talents of Judy Garland. And she did not have to share the screen in another backstage movie with Mickey Rooney.
