I've seen Slaughter High several times over the years and always found it a funny Slasher movie with a weird sense of humor, but I never knew it was shot in the UK, and I never knew the actor, Marty Rantzen plays (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the release of the film. I guess I saw, looking at it last night, that the actor form seems quite strange to the Americans, and some of them are not very good at hiding their English accents. <br /> <br /> All this by the way is the narrative of the classic nerd, Marty, who is the joke of his classmates, and on a particular day, April Fools Day, he is joined by a Caroline Munro (yes, the one teen plays) into the dressing room of the girl and humiliates big time in the film. Of course, the trainer catches the gang at work and they are all vigorously trained to punish them, but not before a few of the boys give Marty a joint he tries to smoke in the chemistry lab, but it's full of something that takes him Ill, and as he runs to the toilet, one of his classmates slips in and uses a chemical that reacts with something that mixes Marty, resulting in a fire and the release of a nitric acid bottle, leaving poor Marty burned and terrible scars , <br /> <br /> Ten years later, the same gang is headed to their class reunion in the good old Doddsville High, which seems strange and inaccessible, but thanks to ingenuity they make it and find the place seemingly deserted, except that there is a room in which a banquet and a liqueur are arranged to eat, drink and rejoice. For a short time, of course, they will die. <br /> <br /> The gang is being followed by a character in the guise of a fool, but could it be Marty? They do not know, they think he's either in a crazy garbage bin or working for IBM, they do not know which. But whoever, he quickly makes work of them. Especially unpleasant is the girl taking a bath to wash off the blood of one of her classmates, whose guts ran over her as he drank poisoned beer. She's the victim of an acid bath that I believe was one of the parts originally cut in the band version because it seemed particularly evil to me when I saw it this time. I could be wrong, but I think that was not on the tape. Anyway, there's something like a twist-end and it also contains footage that's not on the band, I think. There's also a bit of frontal nudity that was cut out early, but other than that, I did not really notice if there were other pieces in this unabridged version, probably too, but it's been a while since I last saw it Have seen times. <br /> If you're a fan of the 80s Slasher movies, then grab the new release DVD, because it's a fun little slasher with a good atmosphere and a good feel. 7 out of 10.
