Slaughter High starts off like any other day at Doddsville County High School, where little dodger Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) has seduced resident nerd Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) into the girls' changing rooms, where she tells him to go under Carol's group of friends come in and surprise the now-naked Marty as they film him as they poke his head on the girls' loo in an April Fools joke in April. The school's sports coach (Marc Smith) rescues Marty and punishes the gang, who blames Marty quite a bit. They decide to play another trick against him only when things get out of hand. Marty got into an explosion and sprayed nitric acid over him face. Years later and the whole gang is invited to a class reunion in the now closed school. They all come to know that they are the only ones. They all dare get into it, where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones, since Marty is back and has revenge in mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally shot under the title April Fool, she probably because of that From another Slasher movie called April Fool's Day (1986) that same year, this American-English co-production turned out to be unusual in that three writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never having a movie I've seen two of directors in a week now. The other was the Jean-Claude Van Damme movie Kickboxer (1989). And I have to say that I really liked Slaughter High, even though it seems to have a pretty bad reputation. What I like about the script is that it's a pure, outrageous Slasher movie. He does not try to be something else. He only accepts the genre rules, mistakes and remnants. Basically, it delivers what it promises, a homicide, blood, tits and babes. I thought the character was alright, the story was alright, even though it's just an excuse to bring a lot of teens to a secluded spot so a killer can bounce off them one at a time. I also liked the twist end, which is something Slaughter High gets a lot of flak for. The first half starts a bit slow, but the second half moves at a knot speed as one Gory kills after another. Some of the situations and reactions of the characters make little sense, but the same is true for almost every movie ever made. So who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Although Slaughter High has been pretty good by three credited directors, I liked the look of the movie a lot. The lonely rundown school made for a really atmospheric location and looked good. The makers are also throwing a good thunderstorm & there are some nice photos, especially at the end, where there are numerous impressive uninterrupted, long-lasting Stedicam tracking shots that follow Carol through various corridors of the run-down school. Although not very stylish, it definitely looks good and is done professionally. There are some good gorges here, including burnt bodies, people fused with acid, spits, stomach explosions, axes in faces & death by lawnmowers, and someone drowned in defecation! The special effects are also better than you would expect & I was both impressed and happy with the higher number of heads than expected. Technically, the movie is better than I expected & outperforms the most low-budget horror crap being released today, I would have thought it was a relatively low budget by itself. Apparently shot in America, this was obviously filmed in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that sounds just like all other scores and is essentially identical to the theme of Friday the 13th (1980). Everyone living here in the UK will be playing Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular at Emmerdale Farm (one of the top rated soap operas in our nations) where he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare staring role. The legendary commercial producer Dick Randall has done the act on Slaughter High and actually appears in the movie as a producer of pornographic films. You can also see a poster for the misunderstood brilliance of Pieces (1982), which he also produced in his office behind him. Slaughter High is a Slasher movie that I liked a lot. Did you see that? ? I did not say it was great. I actually said that I liked it on a personal level. I'm sure the predictable storyline and the lack of history will scare off many of them. I can not recommend it, but I can say that I liked it. Do what you want. Be sure to check out the uncut version if you ever decide to give it a try. If you're not a fan of the Slasher-Flick genre, Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you're looking for a simple and effective Slasher, you could do a lot worse.
