God Bless 80s Slasher Movies. This is a funny, funny movie. That's what Slasher movies are all about. Now I'm not saying horror movies, just Slasher movies. It goes like this: A high school nerd is picked up by all these stupid jocks and cheerleaders, and then one of their pranks goes terribly wrong. Disfigured and back for revenge, with a Joker / Jester mask (pretty scary, I might add), Marty starts killing these teenagers many years later, after he's made her believe her old, abandoned High school is a reunion That's basically the plot? What is wrong with that? That's the beauty of the Slasher movies of the 80's, most of them I would say. Many things could be so ridiculous, but they attract you more and more as they pass by. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> It contains some outrageous murders and some are also pretty creative. (Poisoning a beer can, acid bath, I can not remember ever using a spear in another Slasher movie) It's really a funny, funny movie. That's all it is. Do not forget the fact that the characters are perfect idiots, no matter how stupid they are, and the outrageous, random things that appear in this movie. Lights can be controlled by the killer (if he does not even push buttons, you see) and toilets that cough up blood, baths that can leak acid, use this as part of your entertainment! Because that's what makes it really entertaining. <br /> <br /> Films like these represent 80s slashers. Never again could films like this be made, why know? It's not the 80s anymore. Therefore, you should just appreciate them as they are, have fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a Slahsers hardcore fan like Friday the 13th. One last note in this movie also had a nasty bad guy, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured nerd who kills all his old enemies in a spooky Jester mask. A good villain is a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after his release, Slaughter High. That alone adds something scary to the movie and sticks with it, and it even makes the Marty character sorry, I suppose. All in all, the 80s Slashers is fun! It's a shame that it will never be like this again ...
