Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art out of the less "artful" objects you can imagine. Everyday items, such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - items that most of us at best consider useful and dismissed as completely aesthetically worthless - are instead transformed into gorgeous items in Burtynsky's camera. He achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that seemingly always exist in the industrialized world - for those who perceive that to recognize them. Even heaps of compacted garbage can become objects of beauty when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but did not we already know about Wall-E?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where humans have already intervened in nature - which may explain why, and sometimes why, people in his paintings (ie the workers there) with their uniform clothing and robot movements become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Manufactured Landscapes", a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has the feel of a "Koyaanisqatsi", which fascinates us with its diverse kaleidoscope of images and patterns. Director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos purely cinematic, while her own camera captures Burtynsky and his assistant at a photo shoot in a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh and the construction site in Bahrain huge Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China. With their flowing camera work, the filmmakers bring the beauty of Burtynsky's images to the point. In fact, the film begins with a stunning eight-minute camera shot of a Chinese factory, where hundreds of similarly dressed workers work in perfectly symmetrical and color-coordinated rows. Well, when Burtynsky articulates the "themes" of his work that, frankly, sound confused, contradictory and, at best, only half-baked. But as a purely aesthetic experience that emphasizes image and form, "Manufactured Landscapes" come into their own. In the case of Burtynsky, maybe a picture is worth a thousand words.
