I had heard that this film studied the art of a landscape photographer by presenting the beauty in the deconstruction of nature through man. It has certainly shown the tedious activities of finding locations, taking pictures, and taking clear pictures whose ultimate goals were art studios all over the world. Put together in moving pictures, it's really a horror show. <br /> <br /> This movie is like replacing the shock of spooky images with the gentle waves of a wonderful industrial soundtrack that leads you like a slow river. Each sequence stands alone, but in combination you will be getting deeper and deeper into the feeling of overwhelming inevitability. There are only a few words, this allows the greatness of the shown to preach in his own way. A dreadful, massive factory full of human automata living in hopelessly lifeless dorms. People who die early as they rummage for recyclable waste in the mountains of our e-waste. The birth of gigantic ships and their destruction on huge cemeteries. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and probably all time. The period in which a city dies and is reborn at the same time becomes a replica of modernity, intentionally destroying all the relics of the culture that was then. <br /> <br /> The most frightening picture for me was a mother engineer who explained the most important function of the dam was flood control. The shot changes to the orchard behind the speaker, where you can watch the height of the last tide as the poisonous water has eaten the bark off the trees. This shows that only the most terrible vermin can live in the waters. The obvious, not to be said, is far more powerful than your normal preacher documentation of Save the Earth. The artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method wonderfully. 'If you do not say what you should see? Many people today are in an uncomfortable place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we recognize that we are creating problems that go deep. It is not an easy right or wrong. It needs a completely new way of thinking. 'The subtlety of this theme goes into a draft or designs, but the film images scream that the decision was made in favor of the dark side. Although never in any way directly pointed out how the ripples of what you are witnessing your consciousness flush and you are considering, is there just one possible conclusion? we are lost. The progress of humanity, which is inexorable from our nature, leaves behind a carnage in which this artist finds terrible beauty. What he actually captures are the traces of us Lemmings, unconsciously storming our own demise. In contrast to most films with environmental topics, this does not end with a call to arms. It basically argues what matters, but makes sure you accuse us all equally well.
