This is a documentary made from the great work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been in the devastation left by the excavations or buildings of man on earth. It starts with a huge factory complex full of people making a variety of small things, presumably parts of high-tech equipment; it is not really clear. The focus is on how big the place is and how many people are there and how they are being driven around in little yellow jackets outside. The film also shows the photographer working on a large structure to take a picture of the people outside the factory and talk to his crew. This is a world of relentless industrialization. At least it is a relief to know that these soulless images can not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in Nikolaus Geyrhalter's cold documentary film about the food industry "Our Daily Bread". 'Manufactured Landscapes' contains images of people intercepting electronic waste and a city (actually many cities) eradicated by the largest dam of all time. A single blunt trademark shot a bowl of a pair of chopsticks, almost larger than her, from a little girl in the rubble of her own neighborhood. Some of these scenes, with pitifully underpaid workers enslaved in dangerous and poisonous areas, may have been memorably shot down by dedicated photographer Sebastião Salgado. This photographer is not that interested in seeing people up close. Through his orientation he is somewhere between Salgado and the cold, neutral, modern landscape photography by Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All of this happens in China, of course, even though there were earlier shots of the photographer in black and white around a large shipbuilding facility in Bangladesh. It is supported by New Age industrial style music, which alternately has a calming and depressing effect. There are many stills of the photographer's work - or were some made by the film crew? It is not clarified. Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see people wandering through exhibits of his beautiful work - large dramatic prints of carefully composed color images of the View camera with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and beautiful images of places that are essentially corrupt and discouraging and boring to the ordinary eye. He admits that he does not represent a political position. If we compare his pictures with those created by the moving eye of filmmaker Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work seems almost like a glorification and thus a falsification. But he shows us places that, if we look closely, reveal and neglect their entire dark history of desolation, no matter how fine the photographs of them are. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not entirely fortunately, Burtynsky, whose spokespeople tell most of the movie as he spans various locations. Burtynsky's "Epiphanies" may have inspired his decades of good work, but they are nothing but truths about how we are irreparably changing the planet. depend on oil that will go out; that China entered the game of massive industrialization late in the game and could therefore burn out early with fossil fuel consumption. The interest of "manufactory landscapes" would be much greater if new ideas came to mind. There are two reasons to see this: two insights into Burtynsky's work and the raw materials, the spaces he visits, and the chronicles so beautiful; and to observe scenes from the formidable, frightening, frightening and rather terrible industrialization of modern China. Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title "Manufactured Landscapes" does not feel sufficiently developed. It even seems to be a misnomer. They are new landscapes, but they are the by-product of production rather than manufacturing. "Landscapes of Waste" or "Wasted Landscapes" could be better titles. This documentary leaves a lot of room for an intellectually searching film work on this fascinating subject; And anyone who wants to know more about Edward Burtynsky should read his books or exhibitions better.
