As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said, "I have to watch this movie". She is the undisputed protagonist, Domino, a bounty hunter. Her "job," as taught by the "no action" scene, reflects her rebellious, violent outlook on life. I have to admit that this is the first time I've seen an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the guns are far away from the hands of the characters. So it tamed me a bit. For all fans of John Woo, helicopters fall down, explosions, gunfire as if it's raining, and a beautiful Keira firing two machine guns, one at a time. The cast is absolutely awesome. Beyond Keira, which is a real tomboy in this film, Mickey Rourke differs from the beautiful action figure we normally see with his usual hitting face and powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job well as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the content: This film has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgusting" real. Everyone who has seen this charge. , , You know what you can say, that this is the air you breathe in such situations. Like the producer, as Domino's mother says, the reality that dominoes should show life is "garbage, not insult," he replies, "I do not take it like an insult." This movie shows a difficult life. Domino, who comes from a world she did not want, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", Choco (the band's third husband), his family (using Ed's words), "The Corrector Institute he is "and Alf, the driver / bomber from Afghanistan, who came from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people is, in a sense, the humanity born "without the shirt"; unhappy, violent and with nothing to lose, you take (as they think possible) miserable lives. The movie's intro says it's "more or less inspired by the true story," so I can not possibly tell you how much of this stuff is true. Apart from explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to better see the movie and classify it as an action movie), the characters' story is too realistic to be "stirred up". <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is diverse, well studied and definitely not boring. What did not convince me is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as never in her acting career). It's just the reason Domino starts telling its story (and that's a story). Probably the only "cheater" in a movie with many "professionals". <br /> <br /> All in all, this is not "SWAT". The characters are made; They have an identity, a form. They have a name and a last name (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It is the case to say that it is the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.
