Advance notice: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview for this movie, I thought, "Finally!" I have not yet seen a movie about the popular dance with African influence (be it popular hip-hop movements, breaking or kicking), in which the main character was a black woman. I've seen an excessive number of films in which a non-black woman who did not know about hip-hop gets down to business and does mediocre work (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but that Black women in the movie almost do not exist. This has always bothered me a lot, considering that hip-hop and African-influenced dances were so big, and Blacks and Latinos in those sets broke in huge numbers, and it was not always men who came to perform it. However, the race does not make the film, so I wanted it to have a credible storyline as well; the dancing is entertaining; and interesting to look at. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really enjoyed this movie that brings Jamaican culture. I can not remember ever having seen a popular mainstream movie in which all the main actors were Jamaican; had credible accents; and were not stereotypical with the caps. The steppers, family, friends, and even the "thugs" were all really intelligent, realistic people who tried to love, live, and survive in the neighborhood they lived by doing something positive. Even though the audience was made aware that the main character's sister had opted for an alternative lifestyle, the plot did not become stereotyped. I was satisfied with the presentation. I loved the step. the romantic flirtatious relationship between two steppers; the exams that the parents of the main character have gone through; and how she had dealt with the return to her old neighborhood and the crabs in a barrel. I respected her at the same time being so intelligent and active, and so many other sistas of the film acted in the world of grades. They were all as good as the boys. I do not see it in too many movies today, at least not in those that would be black movies. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: I'm not sure why the directors or whoever put the movie together, but I wonder if they've come to real step shows. If the steppers were ready to play, a hip-hop song would be played instead of the stepper's hand / foot beats. There is no need for music in a real step show, except to entertain the masses between groups. And then, when hip-hop songs were played, the beat of the song was sometimes in sync with the hands and feet of the steppers. It was uncomfortable. I was more impressed with the footsteps of "Stomp the Yard" (another great footage) in this movie because the women were as well represented as the boys (in "Stomp the Yard"), and Meagan Good got a bit of a vortex every few seconds Haarflip and the (deltas?) Sang a song and a few steps and were immediately cut off. Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies tore it open, especially at the dealership, and without this music drowned out their physical music. I know that soundtracks have to be sold, but the movie people could have played the music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I see her I always thought, "Is it written in the script that she keeps putting her hand on her hip when she's talking?" She looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as always. I also moaned when I found out that the movie was supposed to be in the ghetto, as if Stepping could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood as always. However, due to their neighborhood and their losers, only a few people have been shown to be overly ignorant, which is what mainstream films usually do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this movie five stars, but the music was playing out for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out, and hopefully the bonus scenes will contain the actual step shows without any songs.
