In the Canadian director Kari Skogland is the adaptation of Margaret Laurence's novel The Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn Hagar Shipley, a proud and naughty woman who approaches her nineties and wants to remain independent until the end. She stubbornly refuses to be housed in a nursing home by well-meaning son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and the fictional city of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is an uncomplicated and conventional interpretation of the book, which has been teaching English in Canadian high school for almost half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film comes from the stone statue on the grave of the Hagar Mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions during her tumultuous life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor into the role, but is too personable to fully realize the selfish, self-defeating character that alienated her wealthy father, her well-meaning but alcoholic husband and her two sons. As she nears completion, she reflects, "Pride was my wilderness, and the demon that led me there was filled with fear, I was alone, never anything else, and never free, for I wore my chains within me and they spread out of me and tied everything I touched ". <br /> <br /> With her last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back on her life and looks at her failed relationships. Her memories are presented in flashbacks without voice - via narration. The story begins with a dance she has attended as a young girl. Accompanied by her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, the previously married Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city has weakened because of his association with the American people. The young Hagar is played by Christine Horne, who is exceptional in her first leading role. Despite Hagar's request, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold and rigid father, whose refusal to attend the wedding puts marriage on the wrong side. This is exacerbated by the fact that he has left all his money to the city of Manawaka and condemns the young couple to a life in poverty. <br /> <br /> By filing for her marriage to Bram, Hagar withdraws from her social activities, preventing her from being rejected by the upper classes of the city. If she produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she can not give them the love they need. "Every joy I have of my husband or child, or even the simple morning light," she muses, "has been forced to a standstill by a break in the right apparitions." When have I ever said the truth of the heart? Like the biblical Hagar, who escaped into the wilderness because she could not endure further insults of her pride, she leaves Manawaka to live in Ontario, but eventually returns to Shipley Farm. <br /> <br /> Than herself The scene is close again Today Hagar flees to an abandoned house near the ocean, which she remembers from her childhood, when she was housed by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy) in a nursing home a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who cares about her and forces her to look at and take responsibility for the mistakes she has made in her life The Stone Angel pulls all the emo but never completely develops his characters to the point where I was interested in the outcome of the story, though the spirited performance of Ellen Page as John's devoted but naive friend and the moving final scenes bring a new energy to the second half of the film.
