I was surprised how much I enjoyed this most thoughtfully delivered drama, which I almost overlooked thanks to its rather inconspicuous rating of 6.6. I seldom give the time for a movie with a rating below 7/10. Still, I'm glad I gave Stone Angel the consideration he deserves so much. And if you are one of the increasingly rare, sentimental and thoughtful types of people left alive on Earth. namely. Stone Angel's themes, execution, style, production, etc. reminded me a lot of the much praised "The Notebook". I am so surprised that other commentators have not picked up on the many similarities that have repeatedly struck me in this film. Therefore, I can only assume that those who have written comments have not yet seen the notebook. You may not have an Alzheimer's issue, but I can confidently say that if you've really enjoyed "The Notebook," you'll certainly find plenty to make your time with "The Stone Angel" most fruitful. But even if you have not seen The Notebook or read the book on which it's based (which I did not, by the way), you should definitely find plenty to keep your attention - as long as your favorite genres are close no fast action thriller with one. This is a movie for thinkers and those who like to remember the passing of time, how life changes over the years and what might have happened in his life looking back through the years. <br /> <br /> This bizarrely underrated but great movie really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can blame the current low score of 6.6 / 10 only on the 11% of the idiots who gave 1/10. At the time of writing this commentary, it received less than 300 votes. If the 11% that gave the ranking as low as possible were really waiting for car chases and explosions, why did not they even ... watch the premise and the commercials of the film for a few seconds? Oh dear ... Whatever the world may come, do not miss this most underrated gem of a movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie your top ten does not include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator.)) ,
