I was young when my parents took me to the theater to see the interior. I watched several movies by watching my parents, but this is the only thing we have been giving. Since I've never been seen internally lately, and I could live my remaining life without it. What is a persuasive, ponderous, and painfully annoying piece of wine and cheese tripe of the 70's. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is the worst part of his career. In the absurd style of Engmer Barman, Allen gives us dark, angular, neutral, insight into a family life caused by psychological harm, whatever the divorce, unrest, profession, love, non-love, halitosis, whatever happens. The image is deliberately not comic relief, no music, and sinking in galactic way. This film genre can be defined as an expression of nature by using a reformative method of conversations "illegally and more pronounced depth of truth and truth". But Woody Ellen is no Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and dull. But still, I did not have any connection or sympathy for any character. Instead I felt the only contempt for this parade of shafting, whining, nicotine stains, a perpetual search martyr for the recognition. A retreat of cosmic prosperity and a bout of Brie Biblical intellectual story room looms like a fart. Everyone speaks of influenced affected platitudes and superior languages ​​in cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", frustrated to look for directions or understanding, and whatever happens only when you want to crush them all. It's never about solving, it's just about interminable introspective bubble. It is not much more than the psychological drama taken out of extreme consciousness beyond the power of the connection. Woody Allen so chose the characters submerged among themselves as we left. And for that reason I found this image painfully self-seductive and spiritual draining. I saw what he was going for, but Jeterison was at the point of relevance of his strongness in promoting his message through the techniques of prose prose and distorted film tricks. If you feel very happy and want something to remind me of death I highly recommend it. Otherwise, let's have never seen this movie.
