The summer season is here when the movie's favorite weeks are limited to the limitation of the hit movie, it is screened 99.9% screen dedicated to screening. OK, so I could be exaggerated over the percentile, but you get my drift. Apart from the stuff from Hollywood, too much of Bollywood's most wanted blockbusters have their own share and even some of the trailers shown, I am very excited to see them. Tasan was billed as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was surprised by the low voting in the movies. I was in the whole house seeing Joha Akbar, but not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After watching this, I knew why. It was entertaining, but it was fundamentally weak. Just as it is literally English title, which means "style", all styles of Tashan, but little material. It does not have its usual star power, but the scenes have been felt forcibly, and some feel ridiculous for the Bollywood standard too. Directed by Tashan and Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote the dhum and the dhum, it is very surprising to write and write, which I both enjoyed. <br /> <br /> Ruku's directory with Tashan in his piece, when you can not blame his direction, perhaps you open the plot on your head, which was the best. It tried to strengthen a lot of things in the story, although the credit was given where it allowed you to give some way to the question of motivation, but it was too late, and only to the end, which guessed it for just a moment. Launching in complete embarrassing steps to realize Hong Kong's cables and Hollywood's comedian's action movie with gun comedies, including comic-fired firearms and zero-recoquel. And to include everything, including kitchen basin, there is a store in your car and no one was in the middle of the Jetski boat by taking a dhum 2 tribute cake. <br /> <br /> Best, Tasan can be enjoyed as an unexpected comedy, and it is responsible for how it is related to their characters. Saif Ali Khan is a call center executive, Jemmy Cliff, who teaches English, as a platform to catch new lover material only. When he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), his playful way gets stuck in the way, who does not feel right, the hottie in the humble and sweet nature. He employed services for Jigir's interest, Gangster Bhaiyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably got broken English and mostly smiles like phrases, how he did it. And to complete the fourth, Akshay Kumar starred Bachchan Pandey, who played an illiterate gangster to engage with Bhaiji in search of Jimi and Pooja while stealing from Beiyaji's business. <br /> <br /> So the friend turned to friends who turned out to be friends as the trip with friends, and the enemy who you know the road trip. Jimmy Cliffe is perhaps most unlikely, because he goes from zero to hero, running the steps that shamefully shy Rambo, absolutely no time out of character. Kareena Kapoor used her characters to cheat on the sexual factor, and she got lots of opportunities to give many other bikini scenes and other dresses of pride to tear off necklaces or heelines on knees. Each character has made a backstory, and I think Akshay Kumar's baby Pandey was probably the best, most sensitive and most fun, although his character was a lot like a non-green incredible with its gravity-defying leaps. And power packing punches. Her wound is also automatically healing, which impresses Wolverine's shamefully impressive. And the best part is its theme song, which disproves alpha-men and every time the opponent competes in RAW mode. <br /> <br /> It is sad that it is a memorable one, "Bachchan-Pandy-Bachchan-Pandey" who cheers. For most Bollywood movies, I often become able to, in spite of the language gap, emerge from the screenings through a tune or two glazing. I could not do it even after Tashan, because unfortunately songs were not very interesting. Generally, the song / dance routine works well in the routine without any need to bring the characters from the current scene or location. I enjoy, tear them off, and enormously on top of the mountains, extreme extreme settings, or snake on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably did not take himself very seriously, but the story of Krishna Acharya coming from victory, you probably wanted something humorous, and wanted to be more aware of the continuity. Bills have been paid as a blockbuster, now I understand why the public has already rejected it. Despite the stolen Akshay Kumar show, Tashan could have been better.
