The master of awful graduation: The screwfill solution begins in America that is infected by an airborne virus that affects the population of men, when the awakened men in the name of God explicitly kill a woman's eyes indiscriminately. The scientist Alan (Jason Priestley) was brought by the government and knew more about the situation that has long gone, and he took his daughter, Amy (Benen O'Brien) to accept his wife Ana (Kerry Norman) as the future of the human race. Try to survive ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian American co-production is the second of the Master of Harrar TV series directed by Jose Dante Part 7 of the episode was Part 7. The thought screwfill solution was quite bad. I personally think that Sam Hamm's script is frustrating, it takes itself very seriously, and I do not really understand why it is part of the master's master's master, the horrific event that filmmakers are going to solve the screwflight is the real story itself and the themes and ideas are more than the visual horror of the screen. Rather it enhances it, especially the small environment Whenever it seems that it gets the chance of running 60 minutes of minutes, then it shows the intent of raming under our neck, which I feel myself. Just wrap up the accessories, than any meaningful effort can be easily explained as needed to end it out. I was not even happy with the inconsistency with the story, if the man dies only by sexual excitement, then why the flight attendant breaks the neck of the neck on the plane? She was excited about sex, I do not think so. Why does every block then think he is killed in God's name? I just can not see every single explosion in the world, in order to know the Bible suddenly and start believing in God, I think this idea is ridiculous and the show clearly shows that there is nothing religious about what is happening, so what everybody thinks is the deal with them? Do they see a woman kill a divine? Then people become different things, for example what about Gays? What will they kill instead of women? I know a brief scene that makes jokes from the gay issue, but it easily tends to knock on one side and then the thing that bothers me most. Probably every explosion in the world has become a monoco and killed all women, they are not carrying their daily business every day, nothing has happened, it just seems so stupid, the plot trash and closes things around, which looks like it's gone. With a refined neon alien taken from a discarded episode of The X-Files (1993-22) <br /> <br /> Director of this show, Dante, I am worried that far as Harar Master is not good enough, the story has been poorly read, it is very stupid that it played deadly straightaway and instead of trying to do a horrible show, it was suddenly a serious virus on the situation and Much more to do with a thriller with his next mother and daughter. To run it, it is effective here and even fewer bulls are few in number here. A view is stabbed when a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, when a man stabs his own molded stabs with his bottle and another woman is stabbed but nothing else to write at home. <br /> <br /> It's really good like other episodes, and it does not look like a cheap TV series, special effects are as cool and it's well-made. Acting is okay, but nobody really stands up. <br /> <br /> The screwfill solution is easily the worst master of horror phase, but remember I did not see them all ... yet. It alone did nothing for me as a stand alone entertainer and it made me more disappointed as a show made by the so-called Master of the Harbour.
