Kareena Kapoor's eyesight is the only thing in two pieces of bikini that you see when you wake up from sleeping? This weekend Mega-Himesh, Mind-Flexible New Movies in Movies. Bad movie bad movies and we can see something every week, but Toshan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Horrible because it makes fun, terrible reason for viewers because filmmakers want to go away without any plots or any common ideas because their big movies are big stars, big stars, big stars Vijay Krishna Acharya wrote and Tishan describes you as a road movie, but that's all going wrong. Saif Ali Khan, known as Jimmy Cliffe, is an executive at the call center who has paid Bhaiyyaji for teaching English- Anil Kapoor is playing an ambitious UP gangster, frustrated to be cool. Jimmy has been worshiped, the gangster's beautiful young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who used to take Jimmy Rs 2.5 crore. He agreed to punish both hostage and worship, appointed his most reliable Henman for his brother's job. So you have Akshay Kumar, a trusted gangster of Gangster from Kanpur, Akshay Kumar, who finds criminals and restores the money stolen in length and width of the country. Similar to those crooks, Tales is a threadbare script centered together in a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so much that there are so many connections that it fails to establish a connection. Instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three-law structure, you will find several set pieces which are often created visually. The song of the poor item of the desert, bullet-dosing action scenes in the Rajasthan fort, the bikini moment of the kirina, the ridiculous climate action scene with the Sholin monks complete, a water scooter is jumping across a dirty lane and even even a chestnut-style horse driven tonga In all the perfectedness, these set pieces are not done badly - the item song in the desert is quite obvious - but its very small picture gives an idea because you get help from a piece of script from one piece to another. If you are looking for a fierce emotional flashback track about childhood lovers, you would expect in an apparently fast-moving street movie. You did not know a movie related to a movie related to this movie. What's more, I do not think they take care of them - the film boasts. Deliberately annoying about continuous packing of components and seeing if the mixture works, Tasan is like an exaggeration stew. Movies can slay you slowly and then Tasan, a movie that kills you extra. The shiny-finish camera packs nicely with camera-work, exotic location and fancy costumes, each frame of the film probably costs millions of dollars to keep it together, but it still seems to be a blank piece at the end because the story does not hold up. Tarantino and Stephen Chawer, Stylen Chau's childhood does not cause a loan because he does not mix with the film's wafer thin plot. If the characters are more compelling, some may complain a little less, but Anil Kapoor's Hinglish conversation wants to rob you of your wrist and Saif Ali Khan is silently unable to find his foot through the film. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, the Queen at the top, did a decent job. But of course, if Tasan is rescued in some cases, Thanks to Akshay Kumar's extraordinary presence and the spontaneous outlook of the character. You cringe when you are cupping repeatedly his crotch, and you scowl when he delivers double conversations, but for a moment he can take your eyes off the screen when he's up there. Some of the best music, songs seem to be they are only prolonged your suffering. Well, because Tasan test your patience. If you do not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry, there is no one in this picture.
