Superman II - Richard Donner's cut should be a fan's dream. For a long time, only photos and views on footage that were available on the printed page would eventually return to life. There is a chance to restore the vision of a director who could not accomplish his vision. It seems like a winning situation. And then you start to see this rally of footage and you realize this "confidential dream" that a very real nightmare of frustration and inadequacy. Although it is entirely possible that a movie can not compete with the perfect version, but we all dreamed of this year that finally it should be a thrill to see this project. And it's just a few times. <br /> <br /> When you know that the first bit of the screen looks like a home graphic computer graphics, it is a little surprised. But then we are seeing new footage (Superman alternatives - movie for trial) and the first bitter disappointment is gone. Hey, this is beautiful! Because we can not see the footage coming in contact with STM with new effects for this project, things are fine for some of these momentous moments, and they are not satisfied at all. And from this point, it never gives up. The movie is probably not right to judge due to the bad visual effects, but when it was supposed to be followed in a direct film with a tag line "You can believe a man can fly" But here is something hard to believe on the screen. The best effects are from the original productions. <br /> <br /> There is another problem with this redemption. It does not make much sense. Any reason for this really works because we all saw the dramatic version of Superman 2, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman 2 filled the hole in the rally. It could be part because Donner could not complete the shooting, another part may be because the creators of this project are willing to use as much less LeSurter material as possible. Have we finished a footage of the footage that Superman shows the fourth wind and coherent? <br /> <br /> After watching this, one thought that when Lester was faithful and comfortable using donor material, then Michael Thaau and his team were highly derogatory to some by Lester. Donner Cut's best scenes are relatively intact from the release version of Superman 2. That includes the order of the moon and the diner sequence, is not malicious, both are pictured by Donner. But any other film in Leicester's film has been re-edited in a hurry, which is why Lester now feels like something like a ham. Although Lester honors Donner's ingredients, he is thrown under the bus under Lester. <br /> <br /> So what's good for this release? Well it's Marlon Brando, and that's delicious to see. Indeed, it is very nice to show an element shot of Donner, because it was always pictured as Superman-movie. But that's only highlighting this release issue. Which of the main scenes (which is really the scene of Loose Jumping and Marlon Brando) is served in the deleted scenes as a complete scene. Instead, they use horny (takes many options from known scenes) into a nonsensical narrative with lower performance. Vicious edits and bad decisions <br /> <br /> See the first view of the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper for Luis and Clark? Finally, why is Lewis walking in his dark apartment? Then Jackie Cooper walks around and walks around the lamp? I was initially confused by this because I expected to see Lois. The whole assembly meets such suspicious choices. <br /> <br /> The scenes of war are also a mess, none of them have geography. It's just random action. Of course, the main action scenes were shot by Lester and his material was used only as a donor outtake or the next set of options. They used Lester's footage much more, but perhaps it was very proud to accept it. <br /> <br /> Violence extends alongside the military missile. As mentioned elsewhere, the missile carrying missile "XK 10" appears in the car, and we all know it as "x 101"! A blind man knows STM! The producer of this rally, who tried so hard to honor the original film, had dropped the ball in less than five minutes, and the error indicated the overall product quality. The final product is an illogical air for all supposed care that was kept in this concept. <br /> <br /> If Warner does not do this, then the whole thing will be easy to digest. Here's a separate release of the state. As such, we expect to pay for bonus discs of deleted scenes with the option "Play All" This is really a viewing capability so that we can finally see legendary cut scenes, but after the initial look, I hope it will be a wonderful magnet for dust and anything else. After knowing my experience of this, I had new honor for Lester's version. This is not perfect, but Leicester was able to understand the brave problems that were in the script. He was able to create a movie that has been entertaining for many years and will continue to do so, although this new recurrence will probably be remembered as a footnote in that film's history.
