I figured that it's about time I left this one. Pokémon fans are suffering from America this day. Why? Because we rely on KWW and 4Kids to provide our favorite series and movies. As far as the series goes away, they work very well to bring fun and magic to the Japanese version. Then what is the problem of the movie? Actually, I saw three Pokemon films in Japan and I will definitely see the fourth. They are excellent movies. They are all enjoyable and fun to see. And, after seeing Pokemon 2000 in theaters, I can not surprise how these American producers can read Japanese scripts. As it appears, it seems that they read such words and see that it is referred to as 'empty moral here'. They must be using the same amazing dubbing method used in MSW (of course, extremely annoying) and is displayed in such a way as to make this shit. <br /> <br /> * Probable spoilers from here <br /> <br /> <br /> Well, I think I'll first talk about Pekker Rescue adventure. With this my first glitch came with no description. I think they have received strong negative opinion in Pokédex's statement, who had overcome the peak holiday and instead of a gentle voice voice that appeared in Pikku Nutus Yasumi and Picchin Tantantai, they cut the description described together. It was not a problem, without a problem. Did anyone really understand that the excitement did not let Togoi finally go? Perhaps fans, but I'm sure parents do not. Then, there are theme songs. I could not help but roll my eyes towards this. The Japanese theme song was 'Tantentai Oo Sukuru' and sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: boring Now, one of my favorite parts is the Kirihihina dance dance. Nice music, fun to see. That varies with Bellossom. The music sucked for one, but above that, they messed up all the pokémon in the music time, which became annoying, and just turned unnecessary. Oh, and even then polysitter thinks he's a pollyphrath You would think that the guys that work with these characters will learn at least at least. Basically, this little ill fated dub can not save, which is very unfortunate considering its potential. But, I have not touched the worst part of it yet. <br /> <br /> When you got my issue about getting the Nintendo, the warning signs became clear to me. For some irrational reasons, I was having some belief in 4 Kid and WBB. My thoughts were good, they were upgraded to the first movie, but the second is as much as the theme goes, so they should do well. 'Remember, I did not pay attention to the warnings that were encountered in the theater when the trailer said,' You will believe that a person can make all the difference. ' The way they said that every moment, I hope that it will not be a moral festival like MSB at the end of the English version. Then Nintendo comes to power, in which I realize all my fears as the root of the word 'main energy'. At that time, I became a bit uncomfortable. 'One power?' Not a good sign. However, I still kept some false faith in me. Big mistake <br /> <br /> While sitting in the theater, I literally got filled in the belly, and another movie that I love in Japan becomes completely and complete. The moral was more subtle because I heard it comment that it was good. I can see this as a point since they do not pandetize this thing, repeat over it like MSW. However, this film has more harm than any other. Above all, the whole legend can be read whole, 'turns around the world' has changed slightly to read. Ahhhh! So, is Ash selected? Anyway. In the Japanese version, residents of Aresia needed a Pokemon Trainer to manage their traditional rituals. This time, he is one of the selected. There was a greater way that these losses were losses in Lugia. Lugia Pokemon is one of the most beautiful characters in the movie .... When the movie was about Lugia. This one, Louiga is forced to take back seats. The scene where they are flying back to the main island, discussing the conditions of the existence of Lugia and Ash Lughi, this is not going to make all the difference. Overall in this section, Ash was not really 'a person' who would make the difference, since he helped many. <br /> <br /> Many things are night-picking. The furure song was not as sweet and enjoyable as the Japanese one. In the speech of Ziruddin, their collection started with 'My Mother'? Disgust Even worse, Misty's shocking originally related to the way Moltres and Zapdos are being held. Why did you put them crazy while catching them? It's like caging for their display. Pokémon thought things like a different stamp collecting than it was. If there is any true release price, they came from Team Rocket. Some beautiful funny lines. Do not really laugh at me laughing, but to make me gigabyte and the slightest trouble in my stomach is easy. Well, it's officially the last American Pokemon movie which I'm going to see. I've imported the third one and find it very enjoyable. I will not see another Japanese film being destroyed in the same way as the first two. I will be importing the fourth one as well. You forgot, kids WB and 4Kids You have left me for the last time.
