The misleading expression with the Signals of Huelvol has created even more disrespect than the hit. For each "Godfather II", there are dozens of "more American graffiti," "Stein 'aliases" and "Greece 2". Although the original "Greece" is not a great movie, the 1960s, energetic danceography, and an interesting cast songs have been adapted to adapt to the 1977 long-term Broadway hit. When Paramount starts working on a follow up, the producers are almost empty in every aspect that creates the original blockbuster. Thankfully, for filmmakers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and clearly understood the script to read the script before signing the contract. Her talents and looks were already clear here and Pfeiffer was feeling embarrassed for the dance routines and stupid songs that she was forced to perform. Maxwell Colluffeld, there is no sense of shame, and his emotions soften from the catatonic to the towel. What romantic interest, beyond the hormones, can the cool Sassy Pfeiffer deadpan Caulfield be? The dust mystery will be permanent for a long period after the ferrous lava finely fade into a bad memory. Veterans like Eve Aidan, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have only an intelligence to the intelligentsia, although Lorna Loft has grown slightly from the wool material. Critics complain that "Greece 2" is always compared to the original, lack of movies. However, even with its own conditions, the film is a clunker. After an open opening number, which clearly exhausts the whole cast, power dissipates. With a few exceptions, original songs have a slightly similarity in the early 1960's, and only Nostalgia is released for "No Miss Brooks" and "Seed Caesar's Comedy Hours". The jokes became flat, and choreographer Patricia Birch was going to be humble in a film directed by Patricia Birch. However, more bad movies have been spread over the viewers, and they will be created as long as the producers want to take risks from the rehabilitation of blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even funny funny either. Instead, the film keeps the attention of viewers like a bad train debris. Only when all bodies seem to be recovered, the next scene is even worse in the murder.
