After the offensive attack force, it was likely that Segal could go one step further with the flight of Furry. Out of the Blow Attack Force will do something. Ferry Flight is a marked improvement overall, but still think Grand Scheme, Medieval. Medievalism is an achievement for Segal nowadays, the sad insight of the fall of her movie career. The ATA Force, where there was a hajj-pajj of plot lines, changed the concept very seriously, for filming, posting production, the Flight of Furri Plot line makes it easier. Some people steal a high-tech spy fighter, planning to use chemical weapons to burn it (which we later discover, oddly, will destroy the whole world within 48 hours). Have to get plane back plane. It's so easy, no boring sub-plots and movie supervision down like many of its most recent works. Suddenly, the story is not good, but it is quite poor. The role of the adjacent letters is done badly, for example. <br /> <br /> FOF bad for filming titles. It is done badly by all involved, and Seagal almost tears show bored. She has just got the look of a child who has been forced to perform school birthdate against her will, and therefore works with constant weakness and half of her ass. When the material is so ambitious and cruddy, can we blame Seagal? Not really. This is his castle studio, many pictures contract final film. The producers promise a budget of 12 to 10 million dollars and (probably Segal's mandatory $ 5 million) could probably pocket a pretty thick part of it (if the film was made for the remaining 7 million), then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So that's why Seagal should try in a film that has already been distributed before sorting the distribution. The fan's logic may be, he at least endeavors to try them out. She is seriously looking for witch, and continuing use of stand-ins and dub-over this further indicates. Although Michael Keesch has some expertise, cinematography is quite good, but there is nothing more to mediate in all the technical fields (and naturally, with a bastion of the standard stunt team in the Castle), and the film is nothing more than to help its elements move. Leading people to bored Again there are a few action scenes to focus on other characters except the signals, which we do not want to see in all the truth. <br /> <br /> The overall performance is not very bad. It's nice and violent, and on occasion we are treating some vintage nasty seagal fatal, but nothing special. Partially due to a poor stunts crew, and the film lacks complex or exciting time too much time. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable movie, because helpless, Jamald, while ignoring the plot line, there was more wine sigal moments, and there was much more in the center. She is not invisible for a long time during filming. Seagal is invisible after an action scene here, and with little explanation, after it is re-displayed. There are many more stock footages used. Using stock shots is not an entirely horrible thing, but it is used as a crutch. We establish numerous ships naval shots, all the time, which are treated to get annoying. Check the continuation of plus stock footage everywhere (only backdrop, charging and change). <br /> <br /> The image is in the middle of the street. It says that the best view of the film is that there is a completely irrational and unrealistic girl of girl scene with two hot girls. Sigal even after a very short period of time! Overall it could be one of the best stock footage-based employees, but that's not saying too much. It will make many fans happy, but they should remember, Segal himself would probably forget this existence. **
