A movie of Solaris Blue Precision: The inhuman tendency of people's inhumanity, deep statements about white people's exploitation and cruelty towards autocratic people; A biting, unflinching and sardonic commentary on Vietnam's horror. Well, sorry, but it can be something that is unfortunate. Is Soldier Blue really deadly, bitter, badly prepared, dishonest garbage? Another critic said here that it seems to be a hybrid of two completely different movies. Basically it is a long, quiet, bad-acting "strange couple" romance - Strauss and Barjen fall in their ancestry and love about the life of another (Ah, blessing) - described by two sick genocide, which is not externally in Luciano Florian Splater Fleisc's place. <br /> <br /> There is no excuse for revengeful, chaotic, cow-stained climax, where beautiful little American American children are shot in different ways, cut, shredded and fallen in love. And graphic close-ups, and big-breasted Native American women are oppressed, raped and disturbed - no excuse, except for box office. (Genocide itself, when its wrong motive is repetitive, very badly shot and shot; a bunch of actors around bright red color torn on them, interact with some special-effects sequences of title / tearing - which, in fact, used real amputees in their filming Now what I say is exploitation.) <br /> <br /> You have heard the pop (the funny passages that started And ending with the movie) ", accusations of American atrocities against the native people.It does not give an element about Cheyenne's distance; it happened so that it is involved in some of the local American characters, informing us and caring for anonymously, stupid innocent people in Claymax Instead of what we've got, it's stupid for Bergen and Strauss (both shy actors). Unusual bread romance, which is eager to cheer with plenty of blood, brown and shattered heads. <br /> <br /> Which is a terrible shame, because a film about Sands Crick genocide has been created, the real life genocide in the United States (and Britain, and so-called "civilized" countries) have participated (Iraq) for centuries?). This is not just that movie.
