It's a handsome story about a person who marries to escape from the dinner hostess, then sets her "taming" about her unwilling bride. It directs to be sexist and racist at the same time at the same time. We could never find, for example, why a woman who won respect for an Indian soldier was completely unable to fight her previous husband. Or do his team members seem to be taking care of the things themselves for themselves when they are so interested in getting "real people" in clay? This is just half of Hollywood's sense of Hollywood. There is a stupid scene where he gave him a horse and actually he took the whip - second time - then closed his horse. Remember that for the first time perhaps she has lost her eyes, which would be very difficult to get the whip! After that, he won the battle against his Indian bodyguard, where he spent the first two-thirds being beaten on a pulp. That is some second wind. Later, he has successfully discussed with his bloody Indians (as they are all on this flyx) and now they are rejected by him as "the square". Remember that he has zero diplomatic skills and has been discussing with them for years. And the way he refuses to persuade him to persuade him and protects him from holding him - yes, right. Like women, they are just throwing themselves on their own path. Finally, no leadership among their roles is believable. Madison is just a blurry who gets lucky miracles. Fleming shakes his hair and blurts a lot, but as a fiery dome completely incredible. The only reason you root it for you is because you want to see that Madison is tied with a runway horse and dragged it onto a mountain before the end of the movie. Madison thinks that Flaming is like a template, and there are some obstacles in it that, if you see something other than women but see the florist dolls, it will irritate the hits from you. Even if you see them as puppies, the total lack of suspension will awaken you. <br /> <br /> Time wasted time. Even the kinda lazy of visible. Give this a big miss.
