When Sam Pacinpah's most The Wild Bancar (1969) graphic synthetic Atlas opens the door to the spectacular exhibit, it's a talented (if whiskey-marinated) hands directed at the camera, and with it a fascinating story with real-depth characters, but no There were many reminiscent times that were not flat on the level of the band of band of pakinpah epics A set was far from clear blue and solaiyera fall in that category. <br /> <br /> The Solar Bla, Yar, Blue Foul of Story, a blonde proto-hippie chick in New York's Candice Bergen has been "captured" for two years from "captivity" in Chainen and is now sent to a fortress. He wants to get married for his money only where he will be reunited with only drunk. Also, the baggage that he is traveling on board is the official gold invoice, the gun will buy guns in cash, the soldiers are wiped out in short order and Crasta goes to the hills, with Hans Gant (Peter Strauss). The only surviving cavalryman. Calling GAN by graduate nickname "Soldier Blue", Crosta showed that his years were well spent in "savages", surviving skills, general knowledge and expulsion of giant in mere balls, and they must continue following their departure to the castle. , A band of rebel ki, a dishonest businessman ?? Activated by Donald Pleasance, one of his most ridiculous performances here, and that's saying something ?? And, the tradition of previous Western-set romantic comedy, together with each other. <br /> <br /> During their miscreants, two opposers must inevitably ?? And predictably ?? Attracted to each other and finally ended up getting it ?? When Gana has a treated bullet wound on her legs that becomes clean, less ?? The only conveniently located cave for a radius of twelve miles, which is not met with Ratlanches, the mountain lion or who knows, Cheyenne has nothing to say, who could really do anything with such a primo. Apartments (I go there, think again in terms of NYC real estate). <br /> <br /> Their love cave can never be broken out, Christa leaves the knot and finds the fort by itself only that the cursed people will not leave two men in order to rescue them; All available staff are required to attack the Cheyenne village near the regiment, and once Krista gets her air, she leaves her strangely horny Habibie and creates Cheyenne a Bailey directly to warn them of what's coming. <br /> <br /> The movie has earned its reputation afterwards; For a harmless review of the 1864 Sand Creek crack hacker, all horror misfortunes and deprivations were only a lead because of the curse, torture and general wickedness of the temple called "Keeping the country clean". And about forty years after its run, this sequence is still disturbed and disturbed by its cruel cruelty. Children are charging horses or impaled hooves on the bayonets, trampled below, are the ones unarmed people? A nice effect, I have to admit ?? Are the women stripped and pawed by the robber girl gangs, then raped and mutilated ?? In a really ill parable, a nude native woman puts too much of a fight, so her rapist decides to cut her breasts instead, which we see only before beginning the camera to engage in some other harmful work? And innocent people are shot dead, their component parts move in the picks and leads to the winner's celebration and the memorialists are considered the most hateful. No mockery, this scene will immediately get the NC-17 rating to say nothing of the potential local American interest group to the streets in an incredibly exploitative manner, in the visible way of the Liberation War. <br /> <br /> I am on behalf of the Western people who will not get away from the true screenplay of the West, if they tell the truth, it will be stolen, but there is no idea that this movie wants to be a movie; One minute it was a pseudo-Hippie speech in a heavy hand, how natives were fully enhanced (well, that!), Then it is a light hearted battle of sex, where Krista proves herself five times male. And its delicious Red Calico Ponco (without any Andy) manages to look hot, but when Donald Plasense shows a strange (?) Sunny twist and a cheerful pair of our heroes, how should the window be known, in a sub-plot that does not go anywhere His escape from the killer thrust, which culminates in all the mentioned apocalyptic measurements. Any one of these additions was suitable for a coherent film, but the end result is a slapdash mess, which is valuable in its last ten minutes promoting milk film promotion and poster imagery. <br /> <br /> Trying to do everything to all audiences, Solaiyar Blue is an inconsistent, promotional mulinigan stew probably ending as a potentially well-established political purity, but if they were going to tell Sand's story about some kind of Indian character, Crick genocide There was no good idea to keep Marfi Brown as his mouthpiece rather than walk-over She was? We do not know a group of people who will be completely wiped out completely as we see Gorehund moviegoers as "the most barbaric film in history". If you are excited by the excitement of advertising and reviews like me that almost always praise for her "courage to speak like this", take my word for it and let the Solider Blue fade into the obscurity of the film gradually.
