I think the reaction as response to the last moment I reacted as a response as I did Justin Timberlake's "Addison". I was so emotional that I wanted to scream in pain, I wanted to destroy the curtain, immediately undoubtedly wept on frustration. Timberlake is terribly misbehaving; Indeed, Casting Andy Dick like "Castin" or Castan in Nathan Lane to play a key role in playing Jesus. But that's almost near the point. <br /> <br /> Timberlake is simply a bad actor and he will be terribly terrible in any role. I used to have problems with Ben Affleck's acting talent, but Timberlake shows the look of the applefish like Sir Yan McClelen or Dame Judy Dante. His metrobescape Lisp (Lithop Read), his children's attitude and emotional expression, arising from something like "25 cliché expressions for actors", has been toxic on the screen, and even though it does not have any part of it, I do it with a anti-journalist Crusader -Jesus did not take his role as journalist. It can not fly smoothly. <br /> <br /> Timberlake alone is not blamed for its failure. Director David J. He did not only give primary (primarily) primary role on chest, but Morgan Frean, Kevin Speacy, John Harrund, Dylan McDermott, Curly Elus and (I'm surprised he was good) LL Cool J. I can imagine that some of these casts meet with Timberlake. An opposite of this course is: At the moment no actor interacts with Justin, there seems to be twice as relief. A pleasure, if you Freeman and Spesy can not have more than 10-minute screen time together, but ten minutes are happy with their so-called heroes in their view. Dylan McDermott is also a breath of fresh air. <br /> <br /> Timberlake enough busing - this is not enough for this particular case. "Edison" is a very, very run-of-the-mill corruption story. It ranges from intriguing to simplicity simply from the intriguing to plot. However, I like the motivation behind creating it, which I explain as a tribute to "Serpico" or "Donny Brasko" or even "Chinatown". Do not make me wrong - "Edison" is not the same ball-like as these films, but I can extend the suspension of non-skepticism to reveal the cause of the existence, perhaps by setting it up for my settlement. <br /> <br /> The script gives the characteristics of a bad writing in itself and slightly surprisingly. Yes, it has some decent interchanges, but Piper Perobo (who has been lost here) and any conversation between Timberlake seems to have been moved out of the Dawn's Crick episode. This is your common far-too-glitch-for-reality, we-with-clear-looking (and failed) conversations-with viewers. This conversation, your mind, is paused by great music at the wrong moment - sometimes it wants to transform "Edison" into a music video, where the visual emotions are not communicated through acting, but the selected music and alternative film speeds are properly selected (gradually Read the motion). <br /> <br /> Think about it, "Curiosity" is a curiosity. Although it is sure to be thrown to kill the hell, it is certain that Timberlake's works simply do not work. In most movies like movies, if one thing is closed, the whole thing is closed. The director must make difficult choices. David J. Missed the mark here on the chest. Some of the scenes play well and play well among themselves, but overall, they seem to fit like an puzzle piece from different puzzles forced in an inconsistent picture. And it is not particularly beginning with an exciting puzzle.
