However, I did not have any worldly ideas about what to expect from this movie, although I thought that I did not think of what was in hell, it actually seemed to be something. Once I heard of his existence, I knew that please please do not please give me a baby name. Unfortunately, I could only find a copy under his alternative title, Island Ferry. Looking back, I guess I could tell the situation to lose a lose. On the one hand, I still do not know like a man, please do not eat children, please own a movie, and on the other hand, the Island Poorie ends up in a terrible, unpleasant, annoying, unwatchable piece of garbage. Yes, of course, lose-lose. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure what kind of continuity I'm going to be here too. Only the 80's badness, a flashback that can be more than non-flashbacks. First of all, two teenage girls have been behind two bad people, once caught, bad people come to our attention that a girl in the girls has a coin around her neck, and on the other hand, these bad guys know much where an island is hidden somewhere. And these things started to be weird, because these guys came to the island some years ago, when they were only 10 years old to know about travel. I think these girls must know the whereabouts of this alleged treasure. So, now, when we try to recover their steps in the past, girls, so these bad guys do not kill them, though, if I do not think them. Flashback, 10-year-old homosexuals travel to a boat with their sisters and sisters, eventually they get stuck on an island for some winds, they merge with some children and their killer grandfathers. The reasons for any possible mystery or observation have never been seen, but the flashback was accurate as compared to the present, which is still not much. <br /> <br /> I have forgotten the original story for a while, at one point, I might have been the manager of Eitte, and when the flashback is over, then it will end, which worked for me, due to this frustration, half an hour to be short Could have been This timeless movie finally ends in a vague film, and the real thing will happen, but it's stupid. I guess I do not expect a movie completely expected with a movie that is suffering from children, but I hoped for some unexpected entertainment, in most cases only confusing, stuttering stories, which are uncertain in its genre. My suggestion would be to find something suitable like animal animal attack. Someone, I would recommend only a serious B-Movie collector who has to be with all of them, someone else may be interested, probably causing a brain damage. What really gets me is that I still have no idea why they should not eat it. 3/10
