When a movie in a book seems useless and unknowable, the book can always be found: It was initially in vain, or the point is not easily revealed in the movie, or the movie misses the point, that these results are the most frequent, and the easiest to happen, especially When the point is not easily defined. The book "Marvan Collar" has a point; Every reader of the book must have felt this feeling, and felt as if he had achieved it; But I suspect most of them can not express it in words. I'm not sure that I myself, but perhaps it might be something like this: things are coming, things are going, that's life, but we carry; Or at any rate - people like Marvin - do it. No doubt more stupid critics could form a more adequate definition. But the important thing is that a point is probably the sum of the whole story - and it is the main point of view, approach and management of film adaptation. The creator of this movie has obviously missed the point and does not replace his own option; And so nothing about the image. <br /> <br /> This book is not the usual allegation that the boyfriend has violated his favorite post. I admired a little bit of merit in the book: I read it to find bloody leprosy and to get the author to kick the pants and get it done to finish the job correctly. The narrative is considered to be half-educated Marvin, but that illusion is consistently spread by the influence of dozens of different types of literature, such as the author was pressing on with his pen; There are inconsistencies of style and tone, such as have been compiled in different sections at different times; And I could reach any conclusions about Marvin, the reason was uncertain because it was uncertain, which did not point to what the author intended and what he did: For example, despite his own self-fascination of Mervarna as Rover, I am wrong that he is ultimately indispensable What is the Scottish girl of a working class, and what is downloaded below in the cover of her song is not different from the past generation? In any case, despite the writings of my authors, I can not refuse to stop her book with me; And I could not get out of my head, the attitude of his character, his corner of the earth, which was almost as bright as the Portrait of Goa. Marvin is such a person who is always humorous and rather faces a terrible situation; Sometimes he invites them but they often occupy him like flies, so that most of his life is a kind of gouche, but lazyly practical and unconscious philosopher - and it does not start to irrationally describe. Enough The complexity of events and the effects of mortality will be difficult to illuminate the material of the book and its achievement, the cross-section of existence; For the dislike of the book, I can see it. <br /> <br /> Only Mr Morven is not moribund; Or if it is, most of the offscreen is kept. An actress who was competent for the character, she was at the right age at the right time, from an old TV series "Pollard", Anghad Race. Then Samant Morton felt like good casting: he was rather a similar actress, and in his earlier film "Son of Jesus", he played a girl, although it may have some adjustments but it can be turned into. Unfortunately, the film does not suddenly have the character of the book, suddenly. One thing, the book is one, if it is done dramatically, the audience is united by the main character for belonging; Without his comments, his perspective, his voice, lost most of his meaning in the story. The adapter removed it with its comic and terrible elements, and it is more lost: they are minimized before the most memorable incidents of the book are done suddenly, and therefore the reaction of mortalities (depending on its mood depending on entertainment or animosity) is absent, and the incident There is no reason to be in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose some reason for launching an intense, intense serio-comic novel in an astronomical art TV movie, and the artist, Shadod Mellolli, landed Miss Merton as his ideal figure; As there was a tour of cross-stations to go out of Morvard. This book or book was not what the Maravant was. For another topic, the movie movie is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to study the pronunciation), and she could be: It is important that she, her family and all her friends from a single place. And finally the last story of this film is missing. All the costs of mortality, and they are coming in the dark: Winter, the dam is frozen, the power has gone, and the pub is dark. These Mines, and the rest of the rest, what is left is a failed art film, a dead film, a subject whose power does not properly give its denial, or permanent disability, to be dead.
