This show is a perfect example of how CBC should have no news, sport, or satire sketch comedy. As a developer of the situation, CBC has shown that it can combine the pizzas of "King of Kensington" with the belly of "The Bigcombers". It is embarrassing for great groups like "Hall of Fame" and "Second City" to share their comedic roots with the production of this hair. <br /> <br /> I must admit that when I first heard this concept of this event, it gave me the opportunity of most of the opportunities. To get started, half the English-Canadian history, a direct attempt to trick one of the few "City of Cormorant" successes. The rest of the idea - Cultural conflict - It is far away from the original and is often used as a crutch for screen laziness. The election of Muslim religion as "the fish out of water" seems to be a great effort to be "mad" and "topical", but it is compulsory to stop. Some jokes based on locals' reactions to the newcomers are to induce Cunning and all the intelligence involved, especially humiliating the audience. <br /> <br /> This is a perfect example of how CBC fixes this show. While creating Canadian content it does not get "this", especially when rendering Canada as a multi-cultural environment. Canada's cultural diversity will not be presented in such a heavy transfer and compulsory way. CBC will show a fresh change to introduce diversity in television shows without showcasing different varieties. I suspect that CBC has enough City Com talent to stop something fine enough. Compared to the diversity shown in corner gases, it can be compared. Indigenous characters are not separated by their ethnicity and their traditions used to generate traditions. More literally, their lives and other characters live in an intersea way that makes ethnicity more important than their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> It's an outbreak that fades out of the fish, water show comedy fails. The acting was weak, comic pacing on all the maps, and the story I witnessed was far away from the suspension of belief, even a comedy even in Only the grace of grace is gifted Derek McGrath, here's horribly broken. I suspect that the sum of the guests' stars (such as Colin Mockery, for example, an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. After the death of CBC's 'Hype' I decided to give a chance; But I could stand in two episodes - I would often have stopped myself with every failed fifth of my brain. Time-slot more to run in Coronation Street, Air Fars, or Dr. Even an infomercial would improve.
