You think that this film will be even better with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Bucketter. Sadly, the film can be difficult to believe in the problem of a big conspiracy besides character, which makes some letters blend into the brain. <br /> <br /> The image starts with Ingrid Bergman to work for the Stardut family. Everything is very very peachy and swell - the family adores Bergman and things can not be more perfect. Well, until the mother died (Phay Rayer), in 1907 the stock market crashed (the family's fate was eradicated) and Bergman was forced to return to France. This part of the picture is a little sticky, but not bad. Afterwards, after the family's fortune improved, Bergman was back. The four boys are now all grown up and there is no reason why they will hire him again as a reason for pride. But, in a nutshell, everything swelled again. But, when WWI occurs, four go to war - Gosh! In it, a son (David) brought his new wife (Susan Howard) to the house. The character of Miss Herd is black and white like the others, though they are all good and fragrant, but she must be the horny devil. To do something bad, he comes to live in David's house in the Battle of David. <br /> <br /> Now the movie really gets here, really stupid - the brain's stagnation Howard started a relationship with David's brothers, but when Father sees lovers one silhouette, Bergman enters the room from another entrance and says that it was her, not Jack with Jack! Why? Why such an intelligent man could save the obviously bad and sophisticated woman's butt? It was exactly the same that Bergman would be released from Gutter-snip once and for all! It's just an incident of fierce writing and crazy to me ... and probably in 1941 the audience was the same. <br /> <br /> In the rest of the film, Hayward has failed opportunities for a failed opportunity. Exposure will be exposed. It just flew against the general stream and made the movie a stupid melodramatic mess. As expected, however, the truth finally comes and everyone is swelling again - a big love wonderful family Hello the whore, happy to be happy with Hayward. <br /> <br /> The picture is suffering due to bad writing. Hayward's made no sense - at least how it managed it. And, those characters who are very good-bad, good or bad (sometimes nothing) drop the film into second-rate soap level. The only thing that saves it plays - they tried to create a proper script with a dedicated script. Do not say that Colombian photo-makers who made this film should be crushed with dead chickens!
