We all know that the greatest films of all time were based on books. Although not particularly suited to the adaptation, these films were excellent films. Harry Potter series, The Lynn of the Rings Trilogy, and for some extraordinary examples, almost every Disney movie has been created. However, I would like to report sadly that the time is not one of those movies. It does not just fail to meet the most basic expectations of the fan base of Madeleine Lawangle, it saves the writing quality, performance, special effects of the script, and ultimately reverence for the audience. You think, I'm not trying to be mean; On the contrary, I went into this matter with an open mind. I figured that for a made-TV. The film will be made for its scripts due to the lack of Razelle-Dagen. After all, Star Wars Spook of Ewoks was a little silly, if decent. Come to think of this, the original Star Wars was created at "Lunch Money Budget", and see where George Lucas took it! However, from the first scene, I began to surround me with frustration so that I was very close to Black Thing during Tessering. Similarly, for the first time, Govo became the star of the Shooting Star Wars Special Edition (a disrespectful director who created several harmful changes in a favorite classic). During a wrinkle that became my personal symbol for confusion and stupidity. Because of it it has changed beyond belief. In addition to a slightly controversial decision to cast Alfred Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star-director-consultant, filmmakers made the right decision to introduce him as a crow. Okay, a crow. Moreover, the divine central form of this supernatural boyfriend is hacked by an eight year old derogatory behavior; The royal half-man, the half-horse with the fingers has become a huge human head, which suddenly a horse's bolted body tangled over the body, which played a pair of wings in the middle. If I were five years old, then this mentality suffered for my life. The worst part is when it is said, it has been shown from behind so that Sync can live up to the responsibility of the lip, which is why it looks at the back of his head and sees the singular, abusive cheeks, rendering it in special effect pieces Less credible pieces <br /> <br /> The most painful part of the way, I will go to one of the tear-education: characters, acting, and stories. From Harry Potter's movies to Manang Martel, I personally imagined Meg: ordinary hair, glasses, and most supermodels would seem ridiculous. He is always a little concerned, humorous despair mathematician who rarely cared about the import and export of Nicaragua. In the film, he knows an unpleasant-for which I have no sympathy. Actually, he is sorry for the school principal Junkins, who constantly copes with him. Calvin, what kind of cute child does everyone think of a joke? A joke! The irony is horrible. For the memorable Happy Medium, they like happy things to look at the happy thing and replace them with a "gender above" person and look at the "fun" things such as the swing of girls swings. I remember only three people named Charles Wallace, Mrs. Osette and Red Aiz (Manchester Red Aijs), they have been portrayed in their role. <br /> <br /> The story is a mess. Better comparisons of Harry Potter and Azkaban than Prisoners, the story found in the book has remained the only part of the original work, without doing a good job of recovering. Here, the only part of the book is a nice chat with the hadith in the underworld, apparently invisible that his body is being destroyed. As the dark Lord has shown that the truth can not be perceived and it is not shown why the Dark Lord is the only complement, the spell of Echel's flat-nosed wicks (those who contain amazing animals in their disciplines) contain their spine. As the God of the dead mentioned, the sources of terrorism in the world, such as the Camjotage, were spread in the storm of flood and lost in the dark of the temple. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry that this image exists. I do not believe that the actors were really bad. The way that it is written in the letters is to destroy it. In the time run by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, a Prince, extended to the industrial lights and magic collected by John Williams, given the word in the Skywalker sound, edited by THX and published by Twentieth Century Fox. At present, the film is not worthy of showing self-respect to humans. Even Madeline L'Engel seemed to be bad. The book was good, the film was bad, and Mrs. White was tears. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (If I could) <br /> <br /> <br /> <br> They got the name right. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> It was a terrible problem with Cliff's note level adaptation, scripts, acting and special effects, lack of evidence of reading books. Oh, and there is a picture of three main characters running a horse flying over a cover of a main cover / poster. Some might say that this high adventure symbol. I say it shows the irresponsibility of the cover artist, who does not fix Photoshop Meg's hands properly.
