At the beginning of the film, you can check the DVD cover again and re-read the summaries several times, but there is no concern. This is not "Gishar Memorial" which you bought; With an article, only one film which is more passionate and stylish, has no right to it. Nevertheless, the whole film is the best thing from the beginning, as it shows in 1840 how the Samui Sword master made his wife commit adultery. He called for a loss of some lovers (suicide suicide by suicide). Cut off today's day, when the American ambassador to Japan welcomes a friendly family and converts to the same house where he was killed less than a century and a half ago. Since then, it became a seemingly routine Hunted House Flick, but completely dropped and unclear scripts still make it somewhat different. Let's start with the original Japanese settings and the presence of delicious Susan George, which together with my favorite British awful bird (Good, Bright Eichland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt) together. The bad aspects include only that the screenplay is incompatible, unreasonable and supposedly untimely twists without repair, which only reveal laughter. The troubled souls of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by suppressing the new tenants and telling them all about crazy things. The murderer's adulterous woman's soul, especially Susan's brutal loot, has penetrated and turned her into a shameless temptation! In this "occupied" state, he even hides the ambassador of America to the distinguished guests, hiding outside the sexual relationship in the garden of a full-fledged dinner party. So, strictly speaking, it is not really "evil" to live in reality; Muddy mind with absolutely lazy ghosts and much longer time than their long dead hands! Obviously these scenes are more ridiculous than horrific, especially since light-blue and transparent shapes remind you of the fascinating influence of Scratch, which was later popular with "Ghostbusters". "Where is Evil The House Probably" probably the least terrible ghost movie. Most of the time, you will be disappointed whether director director Kevin Connor (who still made the terrible horror movie "Motel Hell" and "The Bind the Gray") intentionally wanted to make his movie fun and final, probably "like the total hell". But then again, each cast of Caste continues to speak his lines with a direct and sincere face, so I think we still take everything seriously and get bored. "The temple where Evil survives" is sometimes suspicious or not even distant, exciting, and even in the beginning there is no incognito image except in the genocide. I'm completely aware of how shallow it is listening, but Susan George goes to the two scenes which highlight the only true truth. Well, those who are in the girls' bedroom and probably cheated and ridiculously over-size spider (or they crabs?) Attack. How completely was random and irrelevant? If you ever decide to give the film a chance despite your bad reputation, make sure that you have your common sense and the door at the door. Twenty note for terrible buffer: Open eyes for the monster - Exciting Japanese awful classic Onibba was a pivot piece mask visible.
