The film is opened with peaceful shots of a traditional Japanese house, which is full of roofs on the roof by the side of the small hills and the screen is displayed on the screen, which reads 'Kusiyat Qaito, Japan 1840'. A young Japanese trainer Samurai Masanari (Tosia Marumama) walks around the house to visit the Oatami (Macau hatry), which has a relationship with her husband Shaguru (Tuichiqi Sasaki like Tusiakukuk Sasaki), be a teacher of Masanri! Shagras came to the house unexpectedly having his wife and students having a very close relationship with each other. Before surrender, Samurai took vengeance on his honor, and Samurai brutally killed Othami and Masanii. After one century and Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) came to Japan on vacation with his wife Laura (Susan George) and his little girl Emmy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for American consulates helps them find their place of residence, where you do not need me to be you! He is laughably saying that it is so cheap because it is frustrating, which both Ted and Laurea laugh because they probably do not believe in ghosts, at least for that period. Almost immediately the film goes into cliché mode. Lights turn on and off itself, Laura shows an uncomfortable feeling about this place and local Jean Jeinke (Henry Mitowa) gives an ill-warning to leave them before giving them a vacation, which they ignore. The vulnerabilities of Ozami, Mantoni and Shugoros were destroyed forever under the walls of Satan's house due to the curse of Majio intellectuals (Shayako Olazima). But unfortunately Fletcher's family may be a way to break the curse, perhaps their marriage, the girl, and perhaps their life probably could cost them too. <br /> <br /> I managed to think of Kevin Kanora as if it was a beautiful average movie, if you do not do anything well once you see it, but after one or two days you will probably forget it completely. There is nothing particularly bad in memory, but on the other hand there is nothing special about the film. From James Hediman's novel, Robert Suhski's script is sculpted by dust, and strictly numerically smaller, many geological phenomena occurred throughout the film, but none of which is very interesting or exciting and plain letters and direction helps things. Amy and her father, Naricho (Moumi Umeida), have some silly sequences, such as giant plastic crabs trying to get. And in a scene where Jane Munken exceeds the room and the ghost is exiled outside the withdrawal, Ted only opens the door and they just go back, some disrespect! Another thing, I think it was a bad idea at Doug McCall's 47 years, try his hand at the Kung Fu and Eastern Terror War! Jacques McClure had got his ample breasts several times with an illogical sex scene, though there were great stains and some of their bed sheets that were stuck with them like super glue, to ensure that the naked nudity was not present. In addition to most screen dispatches of couple, it can not be said about blood, violence or violence. The 'transparent' Scratch effect is fine, but they are not going to affect many people this day. It is professionally made enough and looks pretty, but the prospect of Japanese settings and myths has become frustrating because this image can be set in America, England or any Western country without changing anything. Have a OK waste time
