In the 1930s, there was a progression for documentary films about the remote corners of the world with emphasis on wild animals, external terrain and primordial people of unusual culture. Despite the supply of a movie crew to a remote and dangerous place and then supplying live (with film footage) supplies, many movies were often cheaper than the Hollywood Hollywood ... because there was no costly set, costume, or high-priced movie Star. <br /> <br /> The most successful producers of such films (artist and financial) Martin E. Johnson and his wife were allies, who made several documentaries (sometimes with a slow event held between Africa and Asia). Johnson's Safari films are very popular, inspiring few parodies ... most notably Wheel and Olsse's "Soe It Is Africa", where very sexy Easter actors performed a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead Martin E. Johnson, geddit?). Although many filmmakers are making Safari documentaries at this time, these films of Johnson were the most popular among these types because they rely heavily on humor. Seeing ourselves (I hope) from the perspective of ourselves, it is a serious error among Johnson's documentaries. There are so many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow man makes it easy to see completely fools who are easily cute white banana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> A special resource for these movies is the presence of Oza Johnson. Her husband was ten years old, she managed to think enough young to be her daughter. Although not as attractive as the perfect pink Ester Muir, Oza Johnson was an intelligent brunette who played with her husband in front of the camera of films she collaborated with. <br /> <br /> 'Congolarie' is probably the best of Johnson movies. Congo's shots are attractive and have some historical value that proved to be like this environment in the 1930s. Piepsi and other native shots are also interesting, although these were Johnson's tendencies in the event that the natives saw 'wild' and aliens. <br /> <br /> The best (and most interesting) scene of 'connorilla' is such a growing sequence that Oza Johnson tries to teach jazz dancing to some pygmy women. (Dancing Black Button, or Less ... The same dance that Bob Hope famously taught Daisy and Violet Hilton). Wearing the Jodphoras, booths and wearing a pair of helmet, when Ossa Johnson started scott-singing, he stepped on high steps and African women dance Her attempt to teach slaps her knee. Meanwhile, they just stood by looking at him, apparently trying to achieve what this amazing white woman was doing. This is a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant undertones. Osa Johnson is doing a dance discovery by Black Americans: This idea seems to be able to perform this dance by naturally occurring a short demonstration (using natural rhythm, guess), because it is in their blood or anything. <br /> <br /> I will rate 4 points out of 10 out of 'Congorolia'. This picture tells a little more about African life in the 1930s and more about American cultural ideas in the same decade.
