Oh dear Lord, which part of the world was ever approved in any part of the world? It reeks from the beginning to the cheese, but it's not even good cheese. This is the most harmful, melodious, most tasteless cheese, and I can not believe that there are some people who actually enjoyed it. Yes, if you have seen it with a load of drunk / rocked friends, then some bits may be tragic, but only recreational parts for the audience are said to be that people are photographed and insulted insulting on each other and on screen. I saw it with a few laughs guy for a few, there were few beers to sneak away at the expected pain of the film. We got the whip (lots of it), but do not chuckles. It does not even qualify as a bad-to-good movie. It's just plain bad. Very very bad. Here's why (if you look away if you spoilerphobic): A guy in the movie starts with the death of another death. Okay, I was late for a few minutes, so I was not sure why it was, but I think I am behind this strong scene, 'This guy is a badas that you do not want to be abhorred'. Oh, and a guy witnessed it. So, we already have our supernatural bad guy, and wussy but cute (apparently) good people. Coupe Hero Big Sam pushes step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step on normal fashion scenes. Cue first plot hole How did Sammy know about this bloody hell where he was, or he saw murders. Probably this, and the answer to all my plot-hole questions, I explained 2 minutes before coming to the film, but I doubt it. Actually, I'm going to stop the holes of the plot here, otherwise I make this film something like Swiss cheese (which we all know is a good cheese). So, 'Plot' (a very generous word to use). The good guy will get LA, the evil guy rather he did not do, the hero Sam stands between the two. Cue scenery for next counter-induce hours - passenger plane As I said, plots and insects do not give me insects, I will put it there. Passenger plane Later, the movie is still an important element missing from this gem and it creates everything - snakes. Yes! Oh, break. First of all we have to play a lam film that has the role of mandatory characters. The hot, horny couple (you can guess how you would die), dead-before-the-snakes-even the British people (those painful brights, eh?), Cute kids and joe brands For you Americans that are famous for its size and unnecessary an English comic. Now that we've met Cast, let's see everyone die (of course, without intelligent kids). Do not expect anything original, it is only bite of snake and rising sunny in different parts of the body. Use your imagination, since filmmakers have not used them explicitly. <br /> <br /> So, most of the film is wrapped, so now the best bit, for the last. As expected, everything is just as happy as plane planes start to face the face of that face. Yes, Ice-cold Sammy included. But wait, we're still not all off the plane! The guy last closed is good guy, but he gets bitten by (he's) by a snake he (you guessed it). Clearly, this kept Mr. Jackson hiding the whole time, since it has in some way led to prevent air pressure, which the old protagonist was unable to work 200 minutes (despite an annoying British British, despite a few minutes before it) was disabled. So, Sam shot him and the serpent blurred in one another. At this moment, I prayed that this movie was a very useful yu-turn and along with the hero was actually a bit treacherous. But not A kind of snowfall in cake recipe (but remember with mint cheese), it has been revealed that the measurement of this film was involved in Bullet Proof West. Anyone who can remember 10 years ago, that in 2006 alone will be influenced by their fascination, more than that, but the film has been well-received in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> In fact, we are not the perfect work done. Everyone caught hold of the face (Uncle Sam with big actress, good guy with tiffany, black guy token, white token of warmth, and hot couple for warming heart of nicrophilia), it's time to get it for good guy and hero. ... sand! No, it was not all breathtaking, there was surprising signs to present my complete joy to seeing the credit roll. Yes, the final shot of the film is a celebrating surfing trip that reveals the message that happened to a little man and is an opportunity for a body that actually enjoys a few times to enjoy the movie. That's it. This is the first time I posted a movie review, but I felt so strongly that anyone would speak against this distortion of cinematography. If you have planes, snakes, Samuel El. Jackson, air hostesses, bad boys, surfing, bags or dogs in English, but please do not see this movie. It will pollute your opinion on all the above mentioned issues that you will never want to come to contact with them. See see 93 instead. That was good.
