As much as I analyze this film, it gets worse. First of all, why is a motivational speaker? That part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megolomanic tried to control the world relied on a motivational speaker? Alexander Stone is really that unstable? At first he can not determine what he wants to control the world, so he looks at the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas, I can add, really do not have any reliability (for example, "Parts of Ishmael and Isaac's houses screaming terrorism" has already happened, it has been burnt down during the Cristalnachat, and mosques can become very beautifully mosque in Bagdad or mosque. ) And the family of Gilan Lane! Their family did not have any value, they dubbed their eyes with water without the platform! I can add that since the Caspar van Deen / Guilen Lane in his twentieth century (or the impression I had in mind) and her ten year old child, she had her child at the high school. Yes, there are TBN family values. Also, why has this photo been promoted so much blame? I'll repeat what a previous reviewer said. Indiana Jones uses the Christian mythology as a plot of dvies and makes it drunk so that we are drunk. This film does not work that. Michael Iransides plays a priest who killed a kind of scholar and steals the dead person's Omega Code. Then when two men face him, he is definitely scared, two prophets said to him, "We tell your lord that we are here!". Dominic (Ironsides) answers "he already knows" and indicates a small surveillance camera. That portion sent cold back to my spine. Like this movie, I liked that scene too. I'll give Michael York credit: He did a fine job acting as his character as Michael Iransides. But good boys are horrible. I already went to Lennon's family <br /> <br /> Now I'm on acting, I'll get the plot. It is obviously a Baptist film, since Vatican's Our Favorite Pope has been portrayed as a beef. I found the choice of world domination and got fine, as the deeds were thrilling and disciplined. Another dictatorial against Vatican, Dagatmatically considered their leaders, because Gilan explained to Pope that it is not the end of the world, but at the beginning of a new beginning, the Vatican (or Israeli) asked them to resign from the World Union, using the Omega Code under the world control. Anyone had it, they just did not secede, they would send over the commandos and kill them. It is equal to the US that kills KGB with the president and simply saying, "We are not going to talk to you again!" Come on! I enjoyed the scenes where we saw the bombers moving toward Israel and watched them again. Mediocre in short.
