Raising Victor Vargas: A Review <br /> <br /> Growing up Victor Vargas, you make your hands hard like steamy steam. It is warm and powdered, but not sure if you feel right. As soon as possible, I tried, whatever the warmth and the Gio Victor Vargas was raised, I was always aware that something was not properly understood. Victor Vargas is part of the director's side suffering a certain overconfidence. Apparently, the director thinks that the eastern side of the Latino family will have ethnic backdrop, and an idyllic tale film critics prove. She was right, but it did not fool me. Victor Vargas is said to be the story of a 17-year-old boy, you have guessed that Victor Vargas (Victor Rossuk) who lives behind more skirts than rolling sticks in his teen years of travel years. The film begins with 'Augle Fat' Donah's bedroom, where Victor is sure to lure him, but he hates his plans by crying from the outside when his best friend Harold (Kevin Riverta) finds him. Attempted by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas ran for control of damages. Yet with shameful allegations that he is mocking the surrounding housewife, the young Victor does not stop to look for more fresh meat. On a hot day in the city of New York, they traveled to the local public swimming pool, where Victor's eyes saw a glimpse of the beautiful young girl Judy (Judy Marte), who is very beautiful, but not firm and independent. The relationship between Viktor and Judea develops as the focus of the film. The story focuses on the family of the devotees, who are made up of his grandmother or Abelita (Altagracia Gujmán), her brother Nino (Victor's real life brother Wilk, Sylvestra Rusk) and his sister Wiki (Christault Rodriguez). Victor follows Victor in the scene scene with Judy and her family. Victor tries to deal with his feelings for a foreign pimp-father, Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic enthusiasm. <br /> <br /> There are some problems coming from Victor Vargas, but a great error. You can find some letters, such as Wiki, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie, throughout the movie. The problem is, we do not know anything about Victor Vargas, that he is the largest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know that he knows how to mold his lips, and to bear himself for wooing the girls in his frogs, and grains, but that's all. We know that Nino plays piano, and quietly good, you can see it through the family piano prize. We know his sister Nicie, a Gospel loving girl with an interest in investing on TV. We know that grandma is a hard working Latina woman, who is trying to raise her children conservatively in a world of extra corruption. Still the title character, where is Victor Vargas? He is nowhere in this movie, but we only know what the movie is saying. This is the biggest error of the film. Victor Vulgas is blurred in the scene with Judy and her grandmother, but a ping-pong ball is not so much character, but we do not really know who Victor Vargas. This is important because I mentioned Victor Vargas's only thing that he is a teenager with a sex worker teenager with the size of Manhattan. He is the total alpha male. Victor Vargas is not like the character that I'm sympathetic. Why should anyone? So at the end of the film, at the end of the measurement, we really believe that what Victor Vargas has achieved in some way and has learned the errors in his ways? How can there be any depth of a two dimensional letter? If the director is simply worried about musking his original character, instead of expressing concern about getting the shot with the perfect hand, <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> On the big screen. Before the past several films have been done. This image is appreciated for feeling so real, and I will not argue with <br /> <br /> <br />. I did not see the reality of this level since the CBS Survey campaign. Seriously, although the movie has some nice shots in the movie, writer / director Peter Sollett was very dependent on close-up and hand held shots. This problem is particularly noticeable in internal scenes that are claustrophobic, forced to practice deep breathing for me to keep pace. Because the film continues, the shots become hard and tough with grains on the screen from chains to chains; You can actually smell the cheap Cologne of Victor Vargas. The overall effect is unreal in contrast The interior of the inner-city apartments shows their small and stiffness, which is not true. I've been like that apartment; I used to live one. They are not gorgeous but they have high ceilings and they have a decent habitat space. By film standards, you think these apartments have 5x5 cells of brick-mortar, chiped paint and crack walls. Unfortunately, continuous use of solid-ups of Sollet and a zoom-in on one scene, especially bad shots, is completely closed as amateur. But Victor Vargas is the second film of Sollet, and his strongest efforts to make his most famous film, which he hopes to continue filming. In one study, I made the movie briefly, 'ethnology for ethnicity,' and I can not agree again. If Victor Vargas was really a great movie and story, then the use of characters would not be significant whether they were Latino, Chinese, etc. Even if you take this story and the result of early black-and-white kids in middle-class suburb, such a brilliant review, and we want to see the film's flaws more clearly. In fact, some other aspects of Latinos' use of this movie have bothered me. Some aspects of Victor Vargas are right, but others have questions about me. For example, Victor, Nino, and Wiki all sleep in the same room. This is an alarm set for me because it feels the opposite to what it believes. In a self-respecting Latino family, the thirty-year-old girl will not have two big brothers to share in the same room. At first I was uncertain, perhaps I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother, I knew that my problem with it was justified. How grateful Daddy is, you thought the wiki was sleeping in his room. <br /> <br /> Latino grew up in my small little conservative Cuban family, working full time, I can relate to this film in many ways, so my critical points of view are BitsyTweet Because I really wanted to choose this movie. Unfortunately, the lack of respect for Victor Vargas has weakened my feelings for this movie. Maybe because it's because Victor Vargas reminded me of my Sega Genesis when playing at the age of seventeen. Maybe because of this reason, Victor Vargas is just a stereo-political hat-ladino Latino, who will only shout girls from his car, 'Hey Bay-Bee, I want to get my love. Cheen? 'I do not like him anyway, so how can I choose a movie about him? So if you forgive me, I'll put my hand in a hole in a hole. <br /> <br />
