From the beginning this picture was awful! Why was it bad ?? It does not require a suitable plastic surgeon, not only nude women but following the expertise of a dentist by free hand from cold whitening !! Then at the gas station it's a crazy old man, who is not so crazy, but more "I'm not sure how to work, so I can stand straight forward and not saying that I can see stupid ... screaming in robotics tones about some of the wood "!! Then come back to this nude infant for the cure of gingivitis. Apparently, without touching you ... and it's like the first scene .... They can cause a nasty red rash on your neck, Being treated as a part of the absence but it seems like it can do it with some TCP to make it clean. Then you played Sophie Holland who played Ally, I have never seen such an act, he is more "I am me, if I do not have fun then there is no other, and I do not want to do it." No, and I'm the cattle of the planet, I'm satirical, small and if I do not get things then my way is! "Kind of person .... reminds me of more than 6 year old girl's attitude. I do not think that the terrible camera angle that reminds me of Blood Witch, or how much money the film actually was, when the 'locked' Hacking was happening at the door before it reached to unlock it was open from the other side. This picture is completely ridiculous! If it was a mask, then it would have been successful ... only Hey, but it was just wrong as a horror movie !!! I can not even describe something that was gone! In this movie I will upload the outside of the room! Every time he opened his mouth he was funny to watch Andrew drop raspberry juice, but Tom Sawney The characters were completely blind to both of them lying in the table under the table of their lines !! These two thoughts were when they thought  েছিল যে তারা একটি দেবদূত ট্র্যাক্টর থেকে পালিয়ে যেতে পারে, যেমন আমরা সবাই জানি যে আপনি হচ্ছেন এক নম্বর ঘৃণিত গাড়ি যা তার ঈশ্বরকে ধীর গতির থেকে পিছনে আটকাতে! তাই এটা কি কোনও আশ্চর্যের বিষয় নয় যে তারা এটিকে নিয়ে দূরে যাবে না ?? And how many people do you know that they can open their wrists and walk around for hours like nothing happened! No pain, no weakness from blood loss, nothing! But most of the sudden, suddenly (and I can literally say that) it was a year later and Molly was still flowing inside the jungle after fleeing the nymphs, and after that, Sean Hutson lifted him .... Without line !! (Altho must have been one of my fove writers) but suddenly, and with no indication of how and why as an expansion ... He lures himself to evil and Hutson loses his death, then we begin to cut the crazy dude suddenly inside the woods with gasoline It can not be seen because of some reason why somebody should be worried about someone ... because crazy all the places They roamed each other with brilliant gestures and jokingly with each other. ... and here the film ends .... finally! My conclusion .... If you were not already guessed by .... Absolute trash! There was no proper thought that anyone was firing to target the camera ... and to think about it 99% throw! It may be decent if it is behind the right director, actor, and budget. But again, in the low budget English films, but the rest of the country, English and English film making industry is shameful !! (And I'm allowed to say that so in English)! Indeed, the only decent and exciting part of the film is in the first 15-20 minutes when we see it rotating on a field field. I was thinking about all this "Why is Jesus Christ in Heaven, why did you enable someone to do it, the test of his cow!" But unfortunately I can not stop a movie after seeing it. After that I had to see Dus Teal Dawn just to remind myself that Tom Savini has to do her best! If there is an option for 0/10 then believe that I liked it, the image that I gave this image is not worth it! <br /> <br /> But it's just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
