This movie actually works from a fairly original idea - I have not seen nymphs that have been thrown to heaven in a horrific movie before that anyway. However, the way to run this concept is not the least basic; That we followed a bunch of kids, decided to go on a trip in the forest for some reason. The phenomenon that inhabits the forest by these enzymes makes it more interesting than just another forest that is filled with rubbish / nutritious / dead bodies; But really, a level on the general horror of the monster wood theme. There is not a good idea for many such movies - and it seems that it only embraces its brain cells. The only real asset to bring the monsters to the table is that they are beautiful women, which characters are hungry for them, rather they are desperate to go away from fans. It's up to a point up well; But soon it becomes annoying and almost complete lack of any story surrounding the central monsters ensures that this movie will never pull itself out of the 'horror trash' category. <br /> <br /> Evil Dead Forests created a major horror position, and despite movies like Blair Witch's project; It still makes for a wonderful awful setting. This is one of the main resources of a movie, such as Forests present a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Damned Forest does not seem to have a lot of her slaves. Death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination and all characters of extreme character do not help, rather than expecting them to go away rather than expecting them to go away. Cast is basically made of kids, but there is a role here for Tom Savini; Unfortunately those who do not get fun in the special effects section. The only true highlight is where the film where employees are concerned about themselves come from themselves. Nude women look great, and if this is not for them, then this film will be very annoying. There really is nothing to suggest this film; But if you want a great little horror movie that will return to eight woodland flix styles but you will enjoy some here.
