People tried to believe me that the original foundation of this trunk supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the actual last words spoken by the actual serial killer (whose name escapes from me at this moment). While waiting for his execution in an electrical chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and threatened to kill until it was finished. It's not a very important idea to go around a horror movie. Other low-budget turkeys implemented the same basic premises as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". However, "the first power" (AKA "Penta") is not a terrible attempt, but the script returns to excessive clichés and lacks a real thrilling shortage. The film started well, though the serial killer was spotted by Munde, in which emotional cop-hero Loy Diamond Phillips followed a patient who had jokingly played bloody pattergrams in his chest. He got unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the superb and underrated Tracy Griffith. He took him to the murderer but did not call him to death, because this would lead to greater disasters! For Tess's helpful advice, Detective Logan quickly caught the killer and celebrated his execution, but Patrick Channing himself made an agreement with the devil and returned to California's poorly stoned streets for a little bit of murder. Once the murderer reincarnates as a vengeance spirit "the first power" gets quite bad. Instead of using the newly acquired devil power to remove the whole world (Channing simply likes to play cats and mouse games with his ancestral copper). He nervously called him "body-boy" and kept the dead body of Logan friends and colleagues to cheat him. Although not really annoying or poorly understood, it is a very weak film to tolerate, because in most cases you feel continuously disoriented. Writer / director Robert Reznikoff used every horrible clinch (the victim was sexually abused) and even the lines of the players could be easily predicted. Griffith explains that he can predict the future, you just know that somewhere in the movie he is saying a ridiculously extended line "I am asking them to live their lives, but my own life is a mess." to yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Phillips is substantial enough, but it is difficult to accept "La Bamba" and "Stand and Deliver" a serious rebel as a hard stick. Also Mikeli Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenjano ("When a Stranger Call") and B-movie's legendary legendary David Gell ("re-animator") was shown in a small amount of time. The film's.
