Frankly, there was something for the idea behind "The Master of the Masters". The big director of big time, which now has an opportunity to beat the industry as well as India, I was all for it from the beginning. Until I saw some episodes ... oh boy, that's really bad tv. Directors do not seem to be given a very little budget to indicate their skits, but for example there are instructions like, for example, like shooting in HD. To make a long story short, it is bad because of both artistic and financial reasons. I can not help but compare it with "crypt of telereal", and m. H. H. The episode does not really stand to compare. TFTC was good, MOH was bad; Here's what's in my explanation: TFTC was small compared to MOH (50 minutes per episode) (about 25 minutes for each episode), I believe it allows for frequent screening, better ideas for more time to recross, better focus The given episode, less likely to be confusing or annoying. The budget may be better reason for spending on TFTC: Directors are actual film music composers (if musicians are unstable, very bad in MOH), real actors (though it is nothing but unknown actors in MOH but unknown actors)!), Photography The original director and sometimes the result of the real-film camera (when MOHs were fired in a very wrongly selected lens-piece HD camera) Look at TFTC episodes and "cinematographer" Michael J. He was the actor from Fox to Tim Roth, from Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but in the range of Alan Cilvatori, the film was directed by film composer Dean Kand. , A high-level screenplay writer, and in that sense each "story" was a real film of his own. Compared to TFTC, a haircut system for the horror of "awesome master" TV. It is very difficult to keep an eye on cinematography if your value is just a little above, because it is not as bad as any ugly TV serial. It's annoying and even gets incredibly annoying in the first 10 minutes. Actor wannabes are never heard before (without Fiera's Boy, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even there, they are the only famous actors of their episodes). The Director's base of MOH was good at the beginning, but it was the worst and worst with every episode: Now if the director is unknown to the world, then what will be there? There is nothing! It's funny how Sten Winston, Dick Mae, William Lustgig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Fredkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell even start even with them even unknown managers! Mulcahy ... Even if "hartal masters" could not even bring dead life back to the dead, who would? Perhaps the crypt from the crypt will be a reunion.
