We open with Colonel Luke DeWorx (Van Damix), the original Universal Soldier and his stupid fellow being seen as the Universal Soldiers under a river. They killed almost two, then wait oh, it was just a field test. We have now found Deverx that it is part of a government funded agency that designs a new level of universal soldiers Why would he want to be involved in this (if you know anything about the origin) can never be explained and not well beyond me. <br /> <br /> Following the radioactive set piece, the real story is going away. The United States government has cut the Universal Soldier project budget and in this process Seth (large artificial mainframe computer that controls Universal soldiers) has been snatched. Naturally he will not stop without a fight. That means that Van Damme has to be surrounded and universal soldiers must take a new nation. Which sounds like an action movie and a fun idea to take a signal, but it does not prevent you to be stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, Build Goldberg is one of the new Universal soldiers. It seems that you can not cast a wrestler wrong in an action movie. He is big, he is hard, right? Wrong Van Dam does not seem to have the problem of deleting the floor ... once ... twice ... three times. Here the points are lost on me. Then there's a break in the glass. No employee is an elementary part of the movie, but someone involved should have a glass idol. You will see especially the war scene. Nobody can talk about themselves or not at least slip or talk about it. Then, to set up cherries on the ruins of this train, they have a human body for themselves (Computer) for themselves and how well they are when they create villain black (Michael Joy White). Nothing would seem to fight a black good guy, it works better than a black bad guy. Potentially objectionable and just cruel lam. He is not replacing any of the dolphs. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a shy seagull. It's stupid, it's stupid and does not care about it. The original was not poetic, but it is made with a science fiction element, and it entertains at a basic level. Not seagull But they keep running time under the 90 minutes and somehow find ways to swim in the strip clubs. Give credit where credit is due.
