When I was vacationing in America, I first heard of Unisol 2 when I passed a movie. Until actually coming to the DVD, I did not really know much about it, which helped me to know about these three signals. I started reading about IMDB's return later and asked friends what they were thinking. Despite his horrific criticism, I still went out of my way to see it and it was for renting the DVD that it was looking to buy it earlier. I was not expecting much, but it seemed that it was half decent for a theatrical release in the United States, lastly, how often do you see Van Watches on the Big Screen? Well, nothing could prepare me for this. I cried almost so bad. What is the total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50? It is difficult to explain how bad this move is. Really tell me. This stupid movie is made. No, it's more than stupid. I just can not believe how made this. I can not believe there was no one to kill Mick Rogers. People may be too stupid - firstly, the van dame really thinks the script and the last movie was good. Secondly, Junker Barclay of Terminator 2 and Air Force One status surrendered in this film. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It takes itself so seriously but comes to the audience as a fool. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luke is now a man) - "I want my dad", Seth- "So I do". Oh yes, and some people try to pull three huge levers out of the way - wait for it - over and over them. Acting is like acting in all round theater. I'm sure Mr Ounil cartoon teenage Mutant Hero from Turtle The director has been designing Lu's reporter girlfriend - he refuses to go because of the need for his story. I mean - how many cliches can a film possibly use? Please listen to my colleague IMDB users - do not touch it with a badge pole. In conclusion, the universal soldier: There is no relation to returning to the first movie. In fact, if they are not called Unisols, you never know this one signal. Luv man now again - what hell !! The only place he can access the internet is a striphip. All the new he had pulled off in the streets of Souls, they were helpless. It is pure torture to see, so do yourself good - do not torture yourself. PS - The best part of the movie: Romeo closes a building and shouting 'Oh Shaw'.
