All right, I found this movie a bad benchmark for bad but with this movie it is now the character of Unisol's best film. Luis Dewarroux is now a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has fought and fought with numerous training, refining and perfecting the Unisol program in an effort to create a new, powerful species of more skilled, intelligent and shiny soldiers. The new Unicols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are associated with a self-evolving Thought Helix, an artificially intelligent computer system. When Seth discovers that the Universal Soldier Program has been closed due to budget, he discusses "hands" in his own hands to protect himself. Those who try to shut down the power and kill the super-soldiers platoon, under the leadership of their muscular Romeo, Seth destroys Devverx, because Devverx has a secret code that needs to be disabled in a built-in program which will close SETH hours a matter below. With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH man takes the form. Aspiring journalist Irina, who will not leave her side, will not only have to oppose Lüse, but Luke will also have to oppose with General Radford, who wants to take the extreme step to stop the session. Hillary, 13-year-old girl, was abducted by Suth, and has now hosted him. The only person who can rescue Luis Hillary, because Luke Unico thinks, feels and fights. Now there are problems in a movie as some people think it is weird that no correspondent has happened there and the soldiers could be flat with the truck, but Van Dam shot him with a bullet and shot him. And Lus is now the final battle scene with the people was incredible, and Seth could be 5 times stronger than any other Unicol and Luke and could easily get a hit from it. When Luke broke it into pieces with the final war, I was amazed that the piece was not broken and it was not reformed (Terminator 2). Another thing that gives me a bug, how do the relatives get good actors in Van Dam? I understand Van Dammey's case, how the fiction of this movie completely closes the film. Music scores must now be mentioned that you have heard a song where you can use Blackboard with Universal Soldier 2 instead of a knife. Good points are not a dolph (horeike) and there is only a nude scene in front of the first but there are many in the first (I'm still scared by the scenes at # 1) Even the actors have some talent in the beginning, the casting friends were evil (if you do not believe that this is me See)
