In the filming of a sad Milanese Undersaccess, the film was probably most likely to be released on its day. However, I feel that neutrality was not really the real director D-Six's bag, since he decided to try and make some kind of modern fashion around a boy found in a cabbage patch by an old friend in the country. After spending most of his childhood in a childhood, Toto lived to live in a shantytown in Milan. He organized the residents in the activities of the community and smiled a boring gradually on their face and kept their souls tested by checking their time tables. Anyone who tells him where his time tables should be kept is not outside me, because these people have to think more important things, like coming from the next pot noodle. However, de Sica then just sods these poor sorts of where they are used to fix an exquisite subtle dramatic device. It is certainly the lowest of capitalism, and to illustrate it, its miscreants discovered oil fountains in their country. Bright! For his achievements, till this time, he has left a serious filmmaker and the capitalists are present in the same way as serious characters, all wool coat and cigar. They want that land, but our mathematical hero will not support such kind of dirty. Fortunately, by a malicious stroke, from the old cabbage patch days, the deceased guardian appears in the sky and gives him a magic pigeon. He used it to give gifts to his companions, who proved to be covetous like cigar men. I counted this film was a missed opportunity. To combat the theme of poverty, until a lot of filmmakers worked, and then caught in a fairy tale, I feel very nice to me. How do plots change like 'great director' kids, as we see here? Hans Christianova probably thought that poor people could fly to Bomstix's high march on Milon Duo. De Sica, however, is declared as a genius for this. Certainly these people are so poor, that their faith is helpless, and the miracles that occur with them are not enough, no story writer is enough to work. <br /> <br />
