At the age of 16, I saw the documentary: "A funny thing happen on the moon to the moon". I actually liked it, and believed it for several years. But then I grew up, and started thinking, and when I wanted more information. This is: More information from relay sources and non-biased sources. When I started at the university, many days ago, I asked the Assistant Professor of the Astronomy Department about this conspiracy theory. He said to me laughing: He said that all theories where lies are false. It bothered me, I did not believe it, but then he presented the evidence of his claim. He quickly debunked most of the theory in this regard: "People did not go to the moon". The most deadly claim was that Apollo-Carta could not travel through Van-Allen-Radiation-belt, without a crew emanating from the performances. True Americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-shaft It is not well known that it is. And the exact mention is a secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they publish it ?? If they are in a space race with Russians, then it will be very stupid that they have new technologies that can protect the crew against radiation. <br /> <br /> And the biggest proof of this is: Moonstone. When Apollo-missions go to the moon, they bring many stones from the Moon, geologists and similar scientists record everything about the moon. This is the truth from the stones and the stone moles. Because: The internal elements, which are made of all objects, are made from special isotopes, which are dug from the shaft, from land to land, and especially from planets to planets. These rock and stone isotopes have proven that they do not come from Earth. The astronauts came in thousands of kilograms of these stones, all of them proved to be from outside the Earth and from the same planet. Ergo: Moon-landing is not fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, though it is not a planet, but a satellite of a planet, a moon (Duuh). These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proven: People went to the moon - this is actually an incident, but I do not think: Most conspirators are generally unemployed and illiterate, which is mostly false about what they do or do not know about this incident. The truth remains: people walk on the moon.
