This is probably the most crushing 80's slashers, but how can you be rude in a movie that shows non-stop images of delightful women by performing dozens of superb women in aromatic exercises, taking a procession and walking around in tight clothes? Before being a horror movie, 90 minute promotion video to encourage use of "aerobicide" stereoids, silicon and other body-warming fitness products. If you lift all the footage of violent boys and weigh their buttons and racks for the comforting 80 suns, then perhaps there will be about 15 minutes of story left there. Lots of time to improve a plot about a sadist killer killing young health-freaks with a big security pin (yes ??). A girl grinning in an electric sun-bathing device opens the image with an unwittingly sunny view. After a few years people turned dead in the same spa. Do you really have to be an experienced horror or rocket scientist to know whether there is a link between murder and burning incidents? Investigating the case is an overwhelming police officer (and similar to Charles Napier!) And a cowboy's detective personal detective who I have ever seen is lucky with the beauty of the perfect 80! Through his credit, his name is watching the scene of Dean Copland, and he did nothing more than Turkey, and "Surf Nazis Must Die" is a fantastic trombone-movie. What an incomplete opportunity! She might not be an extraordinary actress, but her assurance was two big advantages that would help her rise to the show business. The quantity of beef and make-up effects is not particularly good We are treated with a pin and a couple of wicked stabbings with some barbecued human flesh. At the end, the touch of the plot is ridiculous and predictable, but since no one is taking the film seriously. If you want to stop all your brain functions for one night, "Aerobicide" (AKA "Killer Workout") is recommended, but still it seems like watching a movie! It will actually be a terrific double feature with "Death Spa". Both movies have many sexy and rarely dressed babes ?? And both films are quite stupid.
