Under the patronage, this movie will be shown to deal with the psychological process of separation, as it is to embrace the so-called 'dark' aspect of human nature, to become a true voice. So, we have a dreadling, a classic galaxy devil creature that is very difficult for people seeking the company (ie, recognition), and the story revolves around different ways that this process operates, less or less successfully. However, if we dig deeper then we see how this movie will be related to your car as you would with any other person: - In the first scene, the main character (the male car dropped out of favor) Mechanic) collecting bits and pieces from vandalism of his daughter's car, when a car stabbed a little girl. Lesson # 1: Vehicles related to immortal souls and cars are equal to the tomb stolen from vandalism. The wicked bothers the dead and punishes them. Still, another character (Rubin) bought a car break for the purpose of repairing it and it once sold as a lost-found popular race car and warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, a car has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, Rubin actually saw a hidden quality that most people would think of as a junk, but eventually that quality became a projection of Robin's own personal greed for more profits. Lesson # 3: You will not use your car in just one way, but always end up with yourself. Then our main character is presented to Robin and more importantly, Robin's car: The character of the car is not only based on the outward appearance, but also in the interior of the engine room. Lesson # 4: A car is not judged properly by its appearance, it's actually what's inside counting For those who do not remember this lesson, there is a penalty, as we see where we see a Rubyin trying to sell a counterfeit car. By the way this view is highlighted in Lesson # 3. <br /> <br /> There are many examples in the movie of 'car = person', and I'm very tired to quote them all now, but at the end (and I guess that's what I'm really trying to say ) If you do not have anything else to do in this movie, then it is fun to see - or if you are a car fan.
