I'm beginning to think that there is a conspiracy, okay: this is a person who is involved in a meaning that has access to columns published in newspapers, movies, and art magazines, to make sure that the film is still through a rating point in spite of its ambiguity Reach the higher position, which is the "universal praise" tag or something with that range Voice, the strange people (like me) to be swept away by the theater or rent a bloody thing, and wonder would expect that only finds himself running to the bathroom to upchuck. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It certainly added me any posted post that came to me because it is clear that it can happen two things: but I do not think it is impossible to access such hidden messages in the internal areas of the movie, or they and I will share the same name I saw a completely different movie. A dirty trick of 4 viewers. It is not surprising that it has swiftly disappeared and disappeared than "smarsgrabber" and nobody has heard about it despite the rating of the matteretic. It's terrible with sugar at the top. <br /> <br /> First, four numbers from the beginning to the end. Although there is a little symbolism here and it has been successfully completed in many well-known films, these films are sticky with them. At the beginning of the movie, four dogs suddenly saw the camera in the empty streets, suddenly the device fell to the front and started to open the stems. Four people in a bar, though a non-entity among them. Their three separate ways to go but still do not interconnect each other but what their lives are, yet are linked. Although this idea can continue, the film works so hard - especially with the story of model modeled by Marina Vovenanko, which goes to the wicked area, or not the best - the primary theme is the translation. Or maybe, as I said earlier, I just "did not find it." The problem is spent so much time on Mary's story (which revolves around the death of her sister, from chewing cheeses, not less, and subsequently, following the rock rage), which emits without any interest in the underlying hyperbole. So what is the same horror story that three unidentified people seem to have their own truth in exchange for a bar? Directors do not really invest a lot of time to combine them, or in the David Lynchian system, they can make a difficult story that is about the past, or alternate levels or even simple, fiction stories. It is a final battle against a tremendous wall which can only tolerate a saint (or curious for someone who asks for curiosity).
