I watched this movie at the Belgrade Film Festival last week, and I'm still working hard. Basically my view seems to match others - the first half hours were fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. Well played too. Natural But my problem is not only with the fact that there is nothing to do with the beginning and half of the film at the beginning and at the same time, I mostly endure pain on sharp, intense art, and blurred in drunk, toothless, bread-chewing hag. It's actually that they never warn me !!! The first half hour of the festival brochure summarizes - Whatever a provider with a whore, piano tuner and a meat seller, is an advertising supplier, genetic engineer and officer of small government administration, respectively only (fully impressive-sounding) ever-lasting gum-smacking . You can tell me to read reviews, you can say - but in my defense, I have seen a number of reviews in the post-factum, it did not put pressure on the greater part of the film's infinities and complete inconsistency. <BR> <br /> The first hint should have been the opening word by the director (a ridiculous, towel-russian Russian youth), who were standing in front of the auditorium suddenly (the film was incredibly well-criticized and the tickets were sold well before screening, Although most of the audience seemed unaware that I was in pain, strangers moan and groans that are mostly in the last half an hour It flows completely, and with lots of excited comments to say the following: 'Well, I ... Um, thank you very much for coming to see this movie, and I just want to say ... well, this is a long film ... it took me four years to do this, and ... it ... I offer you to see it and try to forget it immediately. It's too long. Junk. "This is what he said, the alarm should be ringing the bell, what is he talking about? I'm happy delusional." It will be fun! "Finally, his wonderful forgiving comments started to maintain my knowledge, Is late Until the light came again, I can bear the pain continuously. And finally I can not say that by any means I have improved in any way. Yes, I absolutely love the first half hour. It was cute, new, and a lot to say. And yes, probably a bad state Russia. Yes, every society has many secret faces. Yes, teeth life in barbarous wastelands is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes Yes Yes. I get all this I really do. But I do not see any worldly reason why art and money should be grabbed so sadly, and so painful to endure. If you want to see a film land somewhere between the hours of Hollywood Hollywood's fantastic and ugly vodka swiging, try Korean-Chinese bin jeep (3-iron). It's artsy and wonderful, but to-point and fun.
