Who could have wished for a signal from Bart I Gordon's legendary trash-film "The Food of Foods"? Someone, of course, but director Damien Lee thinks that it was a good idea, however, he kept a big series of sequels, one of Horn's most promising movies in history. "Gnaw" is a signal only by name, the setting is usually removed at 80 position (a university campus) and the effect of the cheesy and chessy effects is fully illustrated in the 80's. This script combines clichés, lots of written conversations and plot situations, which are not stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good two-footed scientist who performs increasingly-experiments of ordinary peasants to benefit a fellow scientist. Because of some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and unstable mice escape and ate mostly on the campus. Following the good old tradition of launching "Gaus" of Spielberg, there is an abusive DN, who are seriously injured in the burst of dead bodies, although they refuse to acknowledge the problem. During an amazing surprise hiking, mice attacked the opening ceremony of the campus of the new sports complex! "Gnaw: God's Food 2" is terrible bad and so much fun to see! Characters unknowingly say the stupid things (such as when they enter Sevilla free, when it seems to be oppressed with fat) and say, the acting is frustrating and a truly bizarre sequence that relates to the effects of Hero's rise-serum! I wonder what will be the theory of Freud! Gore and sleaze have a satisfied amount and ?? Would it be called ?? The music is surprisingly atmospheric. If you can not get enough of this junket, there are many animal-features that are rotating on the evolutionary rats like the Italian Sculpture film "Rat: The Night of Terror", this is the latest culture film of 70 "Willard" and its Lum Siegel "Ben", 2003 "Willard" reincarnated Crispin Glover and the best-ever recent Rats-movies were once famous director Bohr tikaksa ( "ryatasa") and John laphiya ( "The ryatasa") composed. Go nuts!
