Heble is one of those movies with a behind-the-scenes story that is more interesting than the Malabal films. It was Chaplin's tenth comedy and his first beginner, and his first two-relayer. Here he plays one of his last out-and-out villain roles (although the length of the feature has not yet arrived), and for the last time he has been identified as a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's director and co-star Michael Desmond fired him from his studio almost from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not meet with his former director, Henry Lehmann and George Nicholas, but according to him the autobiography was the last straw to take orders from a mere "girl". Charlie and Mabel argue with bitterness during the making of this film. Chaplin was still a new actor in Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do, but everyone loved Magell. Producer McSence was trying to shoot Chaplin when he wanted to know that newcomers' films were found and the exhibitors wanted them more ASAP, so Chaplin was promised the opportunity to manage himself to end this movie as Magell's opinion. <<br /> Unfortunately, any play that appears in the hailely screen on the screen, which generally seems like a keystone chaos. The story expresses concern about a steady nation that is determined to compete for Mabelle Becky (Harry McCoy), but kidnaps the evil Charlie and his spy boy, and Mabel must take the wheel in his place. For almost all running, the brick hole and finger-biting film has a small amount of laugh, but there are few points of interest. The race sequence has some good cinematography and editing, although there really is no gag, only a lot of satirical activity. Chaplin saw himself strangely, played a beard like a kidnapper like his hijacked and dressed the top hat and frock coat in the face of his first film, Makting a Livel, but arranged across the covers throughout the pair. At least it is the novel that plays the role of a novel. Visible scenes on the track of the race track, such as Chester Conclin, Edgar Kennedy, an amazingly slowly, and more featured Mac Senate, spit tobacco and routinely routinely charge it on their psychological routine. As an actor, Senate was fine like his films, but you have to give credit to the man: He knew what people liked. This movie was very popular in their day. Mac's performance does not add much to the haleyel, but perhaps it should be in his hand for the filming to not be killed by one another.
