After making huge comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction film directors. Those who are very well educated, highly educated and intelligent. They know the history of this section and more importantly they know how it can reach the hands of a gifted writer. For many years science fiction was spread in the basement of literature. Most of my critics seem to be a little more than the ray guns and alien stories meant for teenagers in the past. Today's Good Reading Fan knows this history well, and knows the famous author Animaemo, Heinlinn, Bradbury, and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction from this basement. In this way they create anxious, intelligent stories that extend the boundaries and redefine the human condition. Some of these good wise fans are critical of Hollywood's throw on them. They are not critical for themselves, but keep an eye on every offer with a doubtful eye. (For example, they think the Hollywood record is less than a star.) The fans will have to take the maximum importance to this story. They can not be fooled by flashy computer graphics, and non stop action sequences. When the emperor does not have any clothes, they shout aloud. <br /> <br /> There is little knowledge about the writing style of the Girl in the second type science fiction film. (See the majority of the comments above, "I have not read books or anything by this author ...) their full explanations of science fiction from the film or the CCC channel. They are extremely unwanted, huge plot holes to ignore, poor court and thin story lines if we A healthy dose of bank action and extraordinary special effects is given, however, they are critical of their criticisms Movie in point, I'm a robot, supposedly based on Asimov's short stories and after the name of one of his novels, it has written what Asimov wrote, and the creation of humanity and robotics about us. Those of you who run out and buy, robots will be very surprised - this movie is not based on the story. !) <br /> <br /> This picture has lots of plot holes, that some points extend the limits of credibility.I will not direct them to feed you on the spoon. You have to practice skill thinking and discover for yourself.Asimov's protagonist Characters do not contain its critical intelligence, which was a symbol of his stories. With all its performances, the plot itself is against the one standing on behalf of the author. His belief that humanity has the power to solve the problem by using their minds, not the fist of them, it is vital to understand his view of the future. In short, except for the name, there are very few of them in this movie about Isaac. Always, those who are uncertain (i.e., steady) will say, "The film does not have to be like a book, because the films sometimes need changes." But an event where the movie does not try to stay close to the book (or book) from the beginning? What is the title that they accept from writing? This raises the question: Why is it a great body to cut the headlines into pieces in your painful piece? Save money and do not buy right to work. The title is something else. Do not use the character's name. Do not believe me that someone will accuse you of stealing. Actually, it does not matter which you refer to the unreadable moviegoer as its title, which accepts whatever you throw on. But those who can read, those who think, are unwilling to give you only a beautiful light show who will bother it. <br /> <br /> I, the robot, are mostly on the genre of Hollywood, who have lived long years ago, behind the science fiction in the basement. Hollywood can not do this alone. It takes an unconscious stupid listener who will accept such a trend.
