After some internet surfing, I found the "Homefront" series on DVD at ioffer.com. Before anyone got excited, the DVD set I received was burned by an amateur 15 years ago from their TV's recorded home video tapes. Resolution and quality are poor. The old re-recorded video you see will look like the images look. Although the ads are edited, the last credits of each episode are still a voice-over announcement for Segway in ABC News Program "NightLine", which has been completed with the top news titles in the early 1990's. Even with poor image quality, the show was able to watch and the sound quality was good. <br /> <br /> For the achievement of this show, the cast was almost perfect. Everyone was believable and really looked to the part. Their acting was above average. Jeff Metcalfe's role, especially Kyle Chandler (especially in King Kong's 2005, was seen in the remix) played well. Duration dresses were set, especially in the 1940s kitchen with alcohol equipment and decorations. The direction was still creative and different for a TV show. For example, conversations between letters are sometimes different with other conversations about the same subject in other characters in different scenes. Various dialogue conversations were kept liquid despite the fourth and fourth quotes in different letters and positions. It's good direction and editing and they work in this case. <br /> <br /> I started seeing this series again, suddenly I felt lost interest 15 years ago. Despite all the elements for fine show, plots and story lines are frustrating and confusing since the beginning. One thing, the name of the show is completely confusing. When WWII ended in 1945, there was no other war then there was obviously not a "homefront". Curiously, the first episode of the "Home Front" ceremony began in 1945 after the war ended. This is like the first episode shooting of "Gilligan Island", which is being retrieved from the films. The show's name is completely lost on the whole premises. I was still optimistic about the possibility of the rest series as a flashback, but the entire display was held from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series weakly failed in any attempt to accurately depict any historical events in the late 1940s. . Through the third episode, it became clear that this series was not more than a thin-fat car for a very left-wing political agenda. The show is set to run in Ohio, near toledo. However, the show's ongoing racism theme makes it more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Dame Williams, Haiti Winston and Sterling Macer Junior portray the cast part of Davis's family. If the series is mostly ridiculous, the Davis family is discriminated against by the ridiculous and completely foolish "white". Recently played Hollywood for more than 40 years and has recently played a racist card. We get it. We're tired of having it covered on our nose on a daily basis. The issue of racism is obsolete with viewers and it is a kiss for a show, such as "Home Front". The role of Williams, Winston, and McArth had lost their role, such as "frightened / angry black family". Zagantly overlapping racism in this series allows it to look like a member of a cake or another in Ohio. The racism problem can be solved in this single show in a single way with a common punch of nose or boxing, in which a point achieves a better qualification and release it. Rewarding a major part of the series is truly old and it is simply intelligent. <br /> <br /> In another ridiculous plot line, a large boss of a local factory (KJ Janine) is depicted as an Ebenezer scruge character who is unaware of the pension and emergence of acid and immunization against its workers. Workers carried out the revolting campaign by the rebels and the Communists. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series has great potential. Could the writer easily establish timeline in 1941? According to the headline 1945, food and gas deposits result in hard work and 14 hours of work in war factories. However, the loss of brothers, boys and husbands fighting abroad also added drama. While traveling to the military or the US workers' training or traveling to Europe or the Pacific, it was also appropriate to write to the special guest stars in their city. The possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless. But no, the homefonts author (David Acaill and James Grisam) ignored completely relevant or interesting plots. Instead, they completely miss the point and are confused with racism and left-wing politics with a malicious and irrelevant feeling. It is not wrong to denounce the whole series of actors but plots and the situation where they were installed, total waste.
