Yes, Qazam is one of the horrific bad movies that often reminds me of anything wrong with humanity, not kids' movies. Our curse is a raping Jenny-yes, a raping Jenny- where she does everything to wear a casual dress wearing all kinds of clothing, which ends with a lot of light around her in Christ's clothes. So, yes, really hope to pinch the bits, the first thing is to eat a lot of junk food (and, sadly, two main characters, especially the child, not to open) from the sky. What can not be expected is that a kid and Shackle O'Neill will be a film incredibly schmaltzy! The original plot of this film involves this kid, Frank Cappar starred in the most ordinary and annoying-child fashion by the great grandson (where the child is shouting at his conversation), who came in a jin that a bump box was trapped. Then, "the hierarchy ensues", the child waits for his eternal servant Shake-jin for his last two wishes, because he tries to correct his shadow-gang-type absent father. <br /> <br /> Really sad, stupid boy and dad's story will be bad enough, because in a few million other films there are some lines spoken (i.e. "the two possibilities of life" from the father to the child's statement). But it's Shakespeare O'Neill who is the film (taunts), and it's both obvious to see the sinking cruise. His plot line includes him, without getting additional conversations from Capra, rap in the dialog and starting blocking his recording career. On top of that, he kicked ass and gave names with the main bad guys who want to put him in the box again. So does the movie camp factor? Up to a point, but this is even squashed by the mascot scene and 'heart-felt' moments that have no business with even the rest of the elements. If someone can ask whether the movie is a public, who apparently indicated the popularity of a baseclass player, which Michael Jordan wanted to play in bandwigging, if it was humbly humbled or trusted anywhere. I hope that they also knew they were paying only. But I am hopeful that at least some guilty blame for eating Shake-Machine, they are <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> So, turned-wiseracker, all of you Fun Hell, it might be interesting to have a shake movie night with steel and praise of the acclaimed effort of even her and her other critics. But if you want to keep some brain cells, stay away from the worst membrane of 1996 and one of the worst candidates in the 90's.
