... and you can see that statement in different ways by the way. First of all, it's all messy and extremely violent scenes because of a mess. Your wildest fantasy does not come near some of the scenes shown here clearly. The entire sections of this movie are simply sick, hateful, objectionable, cruel, and they bring you closer to running out of bitterness. Now, I love horror movies and I am very 'violence', but I think it will lead somewhere! That is asking too much? Fear Padall is a series of completely sick and twisted thinking. "Movie" contains four separate chapters linked by a wrap-up story. The continuous demonstration of torture, assassination and sickness is only to identify which of the victims is common. Not too informative, if you ask me. And yet - it will be called - the idea of ​​basic plot is probably possible. It is about a brutal hypnotist who has made an agreement to take revenge of the devil himself and causes suffering and death for everyone involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting thing, so they sometimes have to pay a little more attention than never want to create the most scary movies. <br /> <br /> Second, the whole production of this movie was a mess. They did not have much of the budget and they spent it in fake blood and walk ... its tons !! Performance is a joke and the worst thing I've ever seen In addition to making makeup, any other special effect is very amateur (for example, a real-time car crash attempt). There is no excitement or atmosphere to find anywhere ... There is no attempt to even create one. <br /> <br /> Birds of fear are a failure and at least say missed opportunities. The appearance of the death-metal icon Danny Firth (link to the band's pen of the link.) This film is clearly meant for the eyes of young people who are trying to become controversial. Children and boys who enjoy such fun observers in their parents' concern. And then the people complain that suicide and the amount of juvenile crime is increasing ... Wow. I can imagine that this movie can easily cause huge harm while settling or resolving unstable minds. For every self-respecting horror fan, this movie is an insult.
