Awesome pedal <br /> <br /> This is not a movie where complex subtle short stories take our attention. This is not a movie where special effects tell us to be disappointed. Although it is a part of the low-futuristic dawn, which puts the imagination down a little, the director considers Alex Chandon as "70 years old" and "80 seconds of horror". It has very adhesive experience for 2 hours, where four plot lines are connected through abundant water blood, body parts and rim of inner parts are bound by rectum intestinal threads. <br /> <br /> Contributor of this terrible violence, Daniel Fathth, lead singer of the metal band Cradle of Firth, played a leading role in playing the role. <br /> <br /> Others say that there is nothing new to take revenge. In this special case a victim of sexually assaulted and murderer, the father of our demon invasion angel, Kempara punishes his son, who is associated with the involvement with butterflies in a crazy shelter with him. br> What does it provide for the moonlight, it should be congratulated for writing and editing this piece, the chance to free his sick mind free He is happy to have the idea of ​​spreading blood among the people on the screen, and can reach every pebble and jackfruit. As soon as we stop being hacked, fraudulent, rape and other mixed imagery, we treat them closely with those who are close to them and to be related to their personal relationships with their fears. And for those who follow closely with such films, there is a great order for you to think, "I saw what I saw", because the Preet woman is the 'intent'. It reminds me of some of the intense frogs made from Italian horror 20 to 30 years ago, and many other things where hateful images leave their marks, but not what they have seen in the context. The four stories of this story are particularly interesting, where pregnancy concepts can face the death of Internet search through "sick cell", where the user is in control of how to destroy life. More confessions also need to go to a pounding soundtrack, which denotes that Philth is practicing his daytime talent and effectively using drum and bash as a useful form of film making visuals. Opposing the stand-ins of the film adds support to movie commando feelings using the city of London as a backdrop with real people. Well, it can not be classic, but it is in blood, knees, intestines, secrets, and demons in a slightly contradictory way.
