When I tell people that I review movies as hobby, what they say is "What are you thinking about this type of movie?" Here's a couple of problems. First, I have not seen the potential opportunity and thus, I am spoiling my reputation. Secondly, I do not realize that this movie is really their favorite. Finally, I can see the DVD so that they can judge my opinion. In this way, I see myself sitting before the "convent", which is the kind of movie, I will ignore the whole choice, but unable to avoid it. The more horrifying reason of this terrible "horrible" cats is as scary as a box. <br /> <br /> After a thoroughly clothe, "Convent" is a trip to a abandoned convoy centering around a bunch of American high school students to get the stone, mix and get spooked silently. But what do you guess later? A group of cannibalistic Danish Nun begins to pick up one of the children in the classic horror film tradition. None of them will survive and more importantly, can not you think of good things? <br /> <br /> The only thing that protects the "convent" from the time of defeat is really true, but no one accepts this tasha very seriously except for the cruel camio of Kulio, it is a sharp trigger finger. It's a lot of fun until it gets scary - zombie cheerleaders create chipmunks for any reason, day-glow paint jobs appear when you become a zombie - but actually how it dies in a horrible form is that you can instantly say no one can find When the jump and messenger are killed. But if they try, I doubt that this will work - the way the monster nuns that you want to see on the "Bufi The Vampire Slayer" TV show are not really awesome. The most awesome thing in this movie is that 10% of the voters have given this highest score. I mean, I know it's funny but I rarely split my side. To be honest, I was more fun in a dentist. <br /> <br /> "Convent" is not really such a horror movie. It's more than a comedy horror like "Curious Movie" or "Shawn of the Dead" but you laugh at it instead. I honestly can not recommend anyone else except cast and crew family, but even I suspect it is enjoyable. I do not enjoy the "so good that it's good" section - I personally feel that if filmmakers can not be bothered to save Turkey, then one should not vomit a heart trying to see it. Yes, this is a bad movie and yes, they really did some constructive work going out of the house. For example, a Rubik's cube. There are two price stickers in the DVD box - at a price of £ 4.99 and less than one paisa. But it was sold for £ 1 and you need to know what you need to know about these poppy, cheap, curious bad flicks. Sorry, if you like it, "Convent" is really a pile of helpless shit.
