After getting the DVD for Christmas 2005, I saw it, I've come to pan - but after reading the other comments, I have no heart. It is obviously a film that works very well for certain age children. Well, do not let me be a complete grinch; It can still work for some kids - if they are not very media-synthesis and do not appear to be super-sophisticated, eg From all LOTR and Harry Potter watching. But if you are an adult, stay away; You do not enjoy it. Good bits: Barbara Kellman, especially in her early scenes with Edmond, only the Curisha creates the right mix of evil and saturated nuts. (He topped the Stone Table.) Michael Ellérez played a minor role in Professor and Jeffrey S. Perry. Polished, efficient acting like Mr. Thomas, we hope we are very good from the BBC. Drama And Aslan dress works very well, considering the wonderful good. They got exactly the eyes. <br /> <br /> Bad bit: Almost everything, but especially two areas. One, cast. England is crammed with good actors and there are thousands of interesting British school kids. How could they possibly end up with these four stiffs? They move like wooden soldiers and talk as well. Peter has no gravitational or charisma (and clearly shortened by his supposed younger siblings); Edmund is just intelligent; And Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatically, apparently, very wrong for this section that I can not imagine how he got work. <br /> <br /> Two, animal wear. Again, it seems they have worked for some kids. The kids are still in a stage where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, trustworthy characters, they can enter through this movie. But in view of an audience, it can be said that who was 12 years old who saw the prison in Azkaban? When the Beaver comes out behind the tree, a cruel, ridiculous smile will emerge. Clothing just does not work - I could not, and I think that any adult or modern adventure can look at Mr. Beaver and suspend mistrust. After the drawn animation (Gripone, etc.) works well, is easy to take. <br /> <br /> So: very small and ten stars for the door of the soul; Everyone else reads, or read books again and see many good films that unrolls in your imagination.
