I have been a student of film, and for many years. And the idea of ​​a cyber, kung-fu, shocking champagne made me wonder, "Is this movie breaking the mold?" Let's face it, America never surrendered any part of a movie like Symbian Cast. After a great classic like "Monkey Problems" and "Danstown Check In In", I think the best ideas have already been taken. But then comes the "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I thought of suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about the possession of the giant in the Bible, but no one still explains why anyone will create such recession. First, after tearing at least intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee was actually a monkey, there was no monkey. However, I'm sure filmmakers make this problem more clear in the film. They do not. Let me enrich this art of art: Z.I.T. An agency named. Chimps decided to train as a soldier. Why? I think they have mentioned something about the soldiers working for the bananas, but when it costs an estimated 13 million dollars for a chip training, it does not seem to be effective. Well, whatever, Z.I.T. A CIA expert (Matthew Modin) has brought the Clemens (chip) training. Clemens Everything Z.I.T. Hope for He can move the guards full, who seem to have earned their training skills at the local mall, and still reminds us that we are watching a child's movie. You might have guessed, Modine finds out that Z.I.T. Its purpose can be bad (Gasp!) And Clemens decides to break out. Like the CIA agent and everyone, Modin knows that the best way to get yourself invisible is to go to a big city, visit guest house rental, appear on regular televisions, and checks for everything to use. <br /> <br /> Where GIT Modine finds out, and its recovery sends them the best two. Perhaps this is the greatest comedy team from Martin and Lewis, or is it Turner and Hoch? It does not matter, in the end, for a hack to the end of a bend, good guys win !!! Yes! Hurai for the forecast! A perfect child who wants to learn himself, a lonely mother who needs a date and music montage that will be even black belly by Radio Disney and you will get "Funky Monkeys". The last episode of the movie? A football game! Driven by thugs, bumblers, a shrimp, and inferior son. Nobody thinks such a replacement at the high school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky monkey never gives up! It's the edge of the entertainment of your seat. Some might even say "American beauty" of monkey-filled features. After finishing this epic, I heard a story about a railway activist, when his metallic brain broke his joke, most of his brain lost his work. A metal rod in the foxy monkey movie.
