* Warning - There is no plot explosion, but the victims of the film also ... * My significant other has rented it for me that it would be a great romance with a star. Wow - Very, very wrong. This movie has released a huge, excessive, and very emotional excuse of theater, shot 15 years after the student was released! The box's copyright date 2005 says, according to the order of the first flashback, I was looking at the supposed costume and hair at the beginning of the 1960's and noticed that girls were especially dressed in early dresses and hairdressing in the 80's / 90's. It looks like the rest of the film was taken 15 to 20 years ago! I tried to undermine myself that it was a flashback, and was therefore supposed to look old, but it tried to try more than 80 or even 21st century 60 seconds more than WWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY 60 ... Then an adult colleague of lead character is active and She looks like a boy in Flashback sequences (yet it's a different, much older character The young man featured in flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw the special features of the short film - it was all the flashback order, in the 1990's the same movie as the same movie shot shot! It also has the characteristics of comments made by a little boy (and actually plays a colleague in the 2005 scene). So, this movie is a shell of an old, old-fashioned, old-fashioned, recurrent student film that unites the theater as a clear excuse to get it running. In 2005, the Shell story shot story about most people who lost his wife and found healing and liberation in the dance class, that he promised the deceased that he would be present in his position (about the promise made by the deceased person, about 60 years of his promise to the new millennium Fifth day of the fifth year - 2005's old movie Segmene  গুলি অঙ্কুর করার একটি অজুহাত নিয়ে দেখা করবে?) এই নতুন দৃশ্য এবং চক্রান্ত হতে পারে ঠিক আছে এমন ভয়াবহ, অতিরিক্ত সংবেদনশীল অনুভূতি ছাড়া যা প্রায় প্রতিটি একক দৃশ্য এবং বিজ্ঞাপনদাতাকে নতুন সিনেমাতে প্রবেশ করে এমন ক্লিচড অ্যাকশন পুনরাবৃত্তি করে। Do not get busy There is a reason that you have not heard of this movie yet. Well known cast - it's terrible.
