And I repeat, please do not watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. It's the worst ever, set record for the most popular comedy. At least with the most recent comedy gags are weird and flat, but writers and directors have tried to make a little less fun. I will not be tired of repeating my favorite metro: Everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent of them are correct. Comedy is hard! This is not something style you can play around with some fools. I think it's rude that filmmakers compare this piece with "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these Bozos are comparatively more of their so-called comic genius who are Jim Abraham and Jaka Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauli Shore's movie, which is 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie". Here is a sample of the comedy for those who see this movie: Here is a sketch superhero dressed like a sex named D ** Cayman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies with sperms and defeats them. That's it. That's the whole joke. How nice. This cow is enough to roll his eyes. Another sketch involves a man having sex with a dead person in an obscene movie. And another sketch, there is a bag female beauty contest, where we are exposed to terrific spectacular women of bikini-clad middle-aged women with beer bits and stretch marks. Plus, homeless fun is more sad than fun fun. It is one step away from mentally abusive spiders. The whole movie is supposed to be a mockery. I think the filmmakers have forgotten that the main element of the mockery ... is true! For anyone who really enjoyed this shit, these gags explain what is truthful about any truth! Some scratch may seem funny on paper, but anyone who has taken a screen writing class knows that if any aspect seems very interesting on paper, it will probably not be fun on the screen. If I tell someone about a big, black, muscular male maid, who wants to save himself for the right people, he might laugh. But a full drag showing the player premiere on screen for about 10 minutes. Whenever people criticize such a low joke without being funny, I hate it, they are considered as stuck squares. I just recently saw "White Chick". This is another lucrative, politically wrong comedy, but I laugh at my head. The most objectionable thing about "Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! The authors and the directors do not realize that only cruel and vain are not working. More will be! Think of the famous scene from "There's Some About Mary" (Wonderfully, Bozo movie makers keep Farrelli in their special thanks list). The joke about the semen was not just funny because it was involved in physical fluid. There was a buildup. Ben Stilter was masturbated in the bathroom so that he could not go beyond a date with a "loaded gun". Then he found out where all the semen went after the liberation. There is a rope on the door, and it will have to answer. His date, Mary, near the door and when it is revealed that sperm is hanging near the ears of Ben. In this movie, there are multiple gags that load semen of semen to humans, with a buildup. As J. Lenny always said, "This comedy thing is not so easy, is not it?" Remember that Vince offers, 'You're not spending this style! The only reason people can laugh at this frustration is because they want to feel like a hip. Let's face it, this day it may laugh politically wrong. I know comedy content ... but the film should not be fun to anyone other than filmmakers. As a side note, the movie was created before the fame of movies in Movie Clark Duncan's "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There is no other reason why an actor in his career would be volunteer to be part of this amateur chic show. Cast others are non-actors, actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black has created a good impression on "five simple PCs", but I do not think she has done anything worth of since then. Slash was probably drugged into being this film. Zina Lee Nolin is nothing but "beauach". Angellen is the biggest star in the movie (Dancan remembered not that famous at the time), and perhaps there are still a ton of people who did not listen to him - for good reason. Generally, I'm on a low budget Flickr support, but it's desirable to move to ambiguity. I hope the Lord does not become this a classical classic! Should not there be a law against distributing shit like this?
