Again I saw a movie that does not know anything. I recently reviewed baby's face nelson. Now I've seen Dealing and I did it. <br /> <br /> This movie is garbage. I do not know anyone of their right mind can compare to classics like Bonnie and Claid. This movie is far from a classic. Nobody called it brilliant. It's an insane thing to say. This movie can not get any information directly and it's the worst casting I've ever seen. I did not know whose voice was like throwing Warren Oats like John Dealing. First of all he does not see anything like him. Secondly, at the time of John Dealing's death, he was 31 years old. He did 45 when he did it! You can also tell him that it is bigger than real dealing. He was not very old, but Ben Johnson was also like Malvin Pavese. <br /> <br /> They kill Nelson's baby face, then Homer van meter and finally John Dealing. Both of John Dealing were killed earlier. The last of three deaths was the Baby Face Nissson. They do not know when the authors die, but they do not even know how they die. Nelson was not murdered after leaving a dress from Little Bohemia. Farmers did not kill Homer Van Meter with a shot gun. Home Pan Meter was in the corner by St. Paul's Police and guns with machine guns. Harry Pearport, another member of the Dealing gang, is being shot by police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Peirpont was arrested and died on an electric chair. I'm going into what happened to my baby face Nelson's review of Baby Face Nelson, so I'm not going back here again. Join me further that the script of Richard Dreyfas 'Baby Face Nations' is unfortunate. There he is a scene where he attacks Dillinger and then gets a bad assassination. Although Dealing was beating her, she wept like a baby and cried, "Leave me alone!" Baby Nelson and John Dealing never fought. Perhaps Dealingman Nelson's bank does not agree with the looting practices, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a small girl when beaten. They called him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was not known in his life as he was in his life. Nelson's real name was Lester Gilis, and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black guy escaped from prison with Dealing was Herbert Youngball, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius did not know anything. Where did John Milees get his information? I could probably make a better film. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they dealt with John Dealing's death was violent and inefficient. The film is coming out of the biography of Dealing Red and her girlfriend Billy Freyet. However, Billy Frechette was not even that night. But Polly Hamilton was a girl. Melvin Purvis yells, 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulls his gun and flies to hell. It is a proven fact that there was no gun on the night of Dealing. The FBI did not give him any chance to surrender, and he soon fired the sight he had received. He was not even shot. They were so close that powder was found in his face. It was a murder. They say that the person killed on that night was not John Dealing. After killing dozens of civilians in the case of Little Bohemia, are you reporting FBI that they killed another innocent innocent man? The gun they dealt on dealing proved to be not made until after the death of the dealer. The man I killed was not like John Dealing, but I stopped here. If you want to know more, check it out here <br /> <br /> If you want to see Dealing version with Lawrence Tearnie, but do not waste time with garbage films at the wrong time.
