Schlodgery is an amazing, weird film based on the works of Varkers, "Yeh Shaw Knowledge Theme" It seems really innocent to end the criticism in the film, because it is related to the cinema of such a movie as humanity, and the application of honest moral standards and tolerance. But in spite of its gentle intention and its meaningful voice, schooldurgii is not just a very good movie. For me, the main problem is a very confusing story that can not keep its mind on how well it can send messages to its message. The first half of the film is like a typical jungle campaign, like Tarzan; After it teeters in sci-fi fable; At the end it slips into courtroom melodramatics. The difference between tone in each section of the movie is very great, very annoying, to ignore. They stick out like a painful organs and remind you constantly that you are watching a punk, unorganized film. <br /> <br /> is an archaeological expedition operated by Douglas Temple (Bart Reynolds) in the New Guinea Forest. An interesting lady scientist among the main archaeologists involved in the journey. Saibul Grim (Susan Clarke). After a hard track they stumble upon a tribe of strange-like creatures. These primitive, long-lost people are covered in hair and survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by modern human development. Is there some evidence that they can be the first generation ancestor? "Missing links" in the evolution of apes among humans. Or perhaps a nation that usually looks different from normal and behaves? Or is such a species of animals that began to develop mankind? Archaeologists call the tribe "Tropi" and are thrilled by the influence of their invention initially. But when the announcements of his will take a devastating turn for the use of the legendary beneficiary Vancreissen (Paul Hobbschmid) developers to use the tribes and their ideals. He questioned whether Tropike is truly "human" and came to the court with his argument, where he hopes to provide legal assistance so that his own greedy ambition can continue. <br /> <br /> It was the very early film Reynolds' career, and in fact, he is acting disrespectfully in this movie, although he is in a comedy, the rest take it very seriously. Reynolds can not blame ?? She has an unlikely role, a Tarzan flick really asked those who play a charming adventure game. His character and film are not relevant to each other. Clark's rentals are better than the older lady archaeologists, and there are great supporters for the British actor Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfried Hyde-White. A major lack of skullduggery used to give long and void makeup Tropi their strange hairy appearance. Instead of the actors to look like credible hominoids, stuck hair only look their strange ridiculous ?? And that's just not the right idea. We meant to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but that is very difficult when they look so helpless. Skullduggery could be a failed attempt to say a story, mad, philosophical and provocative. The respected purpose is to look for everyone, but the end result does not judge them. This can be a worthy failure but a failure.
