The overall idea of ​​fleeing from Atlantis was impressive, although I was much less than what I expected for reading this film plot summary. Perhaps I'm too much of a child in the technological age: The film was created, it is now in 2002, after seeing the fantastic epics to see science fiction packs such as Lord of the Rings, and the Official Five Years - Star Wars, completely different movies of similar lines Could not compare with such as the Deontopia or Homer's Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef, essentially, could not be related to me - I have children at the same age (a young adult), and available characters if middle-aged people have no problem putting themselves in place. But the picture did not take me in a different mental way of existence. I did not tell myself 'sik! I'll do the same! ' It does not open the door to my imagination. Even compared to high budget movies or other TV movies, standing alone, I saw several aspects of the feature: the development of character in children is very fast for my choices, too much stereootic selfish-looking teenager, after divorce, the picture of divorce is a big change in a happy family Do-sometimes-separate-again think that the long-term one is the end B could create or break. Even letters can improve themselves: A simple set of one or more stereotypes. The greatest selfish beauty of all times seems to be rebellious, with Mr Perfect Image being a combination of atheletics, good looks and intelligence, and yet, with the combination of a foul behavior, smartly-alike younger brother is considered to be so common. Although I know that the personality pushed the story, I think adding more spontaneity until the flexibility and more unique differences will be more enjoyable - and credible (as long as the character) - the movie. <br /> <I will raise my glass for dress and set design - it is suitable for me to finish. Do not make me wrong: all the movies are valuable for themselves, and one's opinion can never be counted for many opinions, but I think that the script is a bit deeper and a bit more (I can not believe I'm saying this) I am bold to say Atlantis May turn out to be witch.
