When I saw this movie, I heard all the publications and I heard how people said that Dingle was worthy of the Oscars in addition to his Golden Globe, and I believed that Kevin Spassy did a great job as he thought he was excellent. I was roasted. I understand that people will not be angry with this African American community (if they are not African Americans). African Americans have never been nominated and I always hear complaints about how they will win. Sometimes this is true (not like now) because the best actress won for Happy Color of The Color Purple, and the film will win the best picture. This film was so brilliant that it was during any racist period that people saw a movie about the problems of African Americans (* SEMI-SPOILER *) and they automatically labeled it as a great essay. <<br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is outstanding actor, but his role in this movie has not affected me in any way. I was bored with him in the movie, and here his performance was similar to his role in Malcolm X but was not good. The audience is supposed to put faith in these people, Rubin Carter, a saint. The man left this movie to worship this hero, and they went out and bought their own book, made this hero a wealthy man. <br /> <br /> * This movie tells the story of a man who spent most of his prison in prison, mainly because of the crime he committed no crime. Of course he committed that crime (mostly stealing) only to survive, there was nothing else. People felt sad for him, even though the drug dealers and thieves were probably looking at the society even for a greater reason. Everything in this movie tries to portray this man as a saint (except for a clear betrayal to his wife and when he was talking to his wife, he showed another man), but why not all of that? View point. I do not like movies based on "true" stories (especially Hollywood explanations) because they generally distort "true" parts in something else, that's not true. It was his viewpoint and a Hollywood production, but everyone believed that this was not true. Well I've researched his past a little before no idea, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, it is possible that he killed those people. If you do not trust me, search for it on the Internet and read the article to some people. He claimed to win the boxing match so easily, which actually won his opponent Joey Giardelo and has tapes to prove it. In addition to this, there are many disconnected and deliberate information in this movie. Supporting cast was the worst person facing the world and it was difficult to keep their "excellent and perfect" personality. <br /> <br /> The Hollywood version of this movie is yet another unfortunate truth story that still remains to be told. Denzel's performance is stuttering, and supporter Cast Mickey Mouse's attitude is boring. The film started very slowly and annoying.
