The main problem of the "Check Dream" documentary is that it does not really say what it's actually saying. <br /> <br /> I do not hesitate to use the word "inspired" - street theater work, two Czech filmmakers, Vit Klusak and Philipp Remunda have laid down a big corporate hack to work as the basis for their movie: They deliberately created a phony "Hypermarket" (Eastern Europe's rich Custaco or the Wall Mart Super Store). , Created an entire advertising campaign around it - fill the billboards, radio and TV stains, an official logo, a compelling theme song, and refill with photos of fake merchandise - and then see how many "dumps" appear in their creation on open days. They even created a troubled mask to satisfy the people that the store actually existed. <br /> <br /> Someone might ask, "Why such things?" Well, that's a very good question, but the answer that the filmmakers provide is not satisfactory. Basically, we have been told that the purpose of stunt is to show how many people can easily be trusted - even something that is not true - by the power of advertising easily. And filmmakers claim to carry moral cover that the purpose of "real" (i.e. higher) character satisfies the Czech Republic that all advertisements do not encourage them to join the European Union. A good creator - especially when someone thinks that the original advertisers who are agreeing to go with the stunt declare false statements against telling lies to the customers, they prove to be justified of their cooperation with cheating when it claims in the form of "research" and the ad does not work. In this case, allowing these comments on camera, these ads are far more fake than male and female filmmakers, who are poorly educated people who are the primary target of the room. <br /> <br /> However, in many ways, the satirical arrow not only targets its targets, it turns back to the very ruthless filmmakers. That is why they inspire themselves, and those sincere and naturally believing people who do not eventually emerge as immoral and classified people, because they make fools out of the most modest people, many of them are elderly and helpless and get a forced spot to travel longer Foot distance. And what is all this supposed to prove? People that are "greedy" because they are looking for a new supermarket to open the door? Or is they stupid and lazy because they have not been suspected to be the actual market even though someone has been notified? Such awareness requires a disarmament level which will be impossible to work on in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm this makers manufacturers jerks for making some really nice people like these smart-lazy, ugly little "stunts" solely proven and provocative designers. And, indeed, many of them, when they finally discovered the strategy they were playing on, responded with grace and good laughter, I'm not sure that I would be able to find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that the movie is not slashing - something that looks like a huge traffic accident - but when the dust ends and all the frustrated customers face red and come back empty handed, we can safely announce May be they are not ashamed that they are not.
