I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was the name, perhaps the way the poster looked, I do not know. However, it was quite committed at the beginning. And even had some bright moments throughout the whole feature. Maybe it's because I'm a terrible terrible fan, and I do not see much of them, but it actually looked fresh sometimes. But the rest is not so good. Ridiculous at times The movie is slow, sometimes you get so annoyed you want to forget what the story is about. Characters are not great either. All of them The Butcher looks okay, obscure and crazy enough. Although I did not find the strange things in his chest (the whole scene is just fake and blue), and why is he collecting peers at home? The main lead flat. Its character is really hard to believe, and very unused. But I guess that the scenesists blame. Why was he crying when he was taking pictures of his girlfriend? Side cast is very bad. But in this movie I hate the main girl. My god, when the horror movie women will have a brain? It's ridiculous. The girl finds out that a gentleman has taken his boyfriend to the camera, trying to go to the police, which fails, and then he thinks it is the best idea. Why do not we just go and take it! I know where crazy life! Haha Thats! And then look for the bathroom camera! Why not And then watch the room, look at a bag that was not before, and just have a look inside. Maybe there's a camera? Not here But loading interesting stuff. Oil oil MMMM. The understanding of that bag meant that the Butcher came back very hard for his small brain. Then there is certainly "fall away while walking away" until the end, that really looks bad on it. Then, leaving the character's final nail at the end of the film, he jumped with the wagon swing and jumped and started walking, "Nouo" shouted as if he torn his bag and went to another vagon. Jiz Come on. Nobody thinks, okay, fool? Just awful If his character is not so bad, maybe the movie can get another star or two from me. And I'll also forgive MMT letters that can strike with a steel hammer (the train's trainer killed), or the ones that can protect against bullets, weird and cheap looking monsters (I did not read Clive Barcker's novel, so I do not know that Where the monsters came from), in this city, hundreds of people (judges of ornamental skeletons) are invisible. Is on, and in which the main character did not die of blood coming out of his tongue (he just guessed it, I think). Oh, and the expected end. Well, I knew the last half, it's just frustrating. The only reason I'm still a bit grateful to the creators, I think the film is usually better than a few months I've seen. The visual style is excellent, some shots are really nice and good CGI that genocide looks really brutal. (Although the blood was not really real) I guess some people will enjoy it, some like me, it can not be seen if others do not see anything but someone will hate it one at all.
