I've heard a lot about this movie, people tell me that I should see it, because I'm a bloody, glorious movie fan. I got it right in my hands almost, but one thing or another always kept me from watching it - until now. I did not remember it was even better. <br /> <br /> This movie was tortured. Although the worst thing is that it can actually be much better than this. I know it's the story of Clive Barker and all, and I have not read that story - but I think that if you are not, then as I was, completely destitute and completely frustrated. <Br /> <br /> The film starts well enough - the actor is sure, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to catch your attention. I thought blood was a little sad, but it was the first scene, after that I hope for improvement. I was roasted. <br /> <br /> Blood and effects were so terrible, my intelligence was almost insulting that I believe that someone using a hammer can hit a person's head on the right side of his shoulder. WTF? CGI Blood (Did they use any "real" blood? My home-made staff looks better than anyone used in this film!), Incredible work of tearing (coming out of the back of the head of the ribs; Close the arms nicely cut off - Do not remember that there is a sister around her whole body?!), Very dark scenes (each scene is a weird yellow color, or hidden in shadows). It gets worse and worse. I mistake myself wrongly out after pointing out. There are just so many. Finally, the movie of Sirius-Killer can become a demon / supernatural / giant film and add to what may be ... thanks! It was kept as a strange person to prevent people in the subway - all right, was thrown into a conspiracy theory - and an over-the-counter photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through the meat tree? Possible, responsible ... and I feel much better than the "real" story. That is and should work. Instead, "it becomes the living creature at the end of the old tunnel and everybody knows about it but you, and if you read the book well, you will never understand it". Sad, what to do in a movie with such potential is a terrible thing. If you like stupid fake blood and gore, you love this. But if you have half the brain on your head, you will absolutely hate it. Stay away, away, away
