Is this the same Kim Ki Duk, who managed to get rid of the mad, life-saving testimonies of "spring, summer, fall, winter and spring"? Did the same Kim Dook, who ran a fine, almost silent, heartfelt desire for "3 iron"? The same Kim Dunk, who was fascinated by the fatal tragedy of our "The Coast Guard", and almost all of our patents encouraged us about the maladministration of prostitution prostitution before returning to nature motifs. "Samaritan Girl"? I just can not find him in this picture. <br /> <br /> Oh, sure, the motif of Kim's nature still exists. This image is fully performed in a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing sculptures rest on a quiet water surface. Yeah, it's Kim Dunk, okay. In an interview included in the special features of DVD, Kim even described the movie as "Beautiful". But I'm not sure what this means after seeing this old presentation. <br /> <br /> Anger, stalked prostitute, passionate, violent and heady fisherman, a greedy silent trader, clear animal torture, order of self-separation and velocity that is waking up in sincerity and stupid cruelty? This is the only material of humanity that presents itself in this completely confusing and ultimately unmatched film. If it is based on a story or is referred to as an instance or more than a symbol, then this study is unreliable with the source source. It is relatively comparatively comparable to the "audition" by Japanese director Taqshi Mi Miike (much about the satisfaction of Kim), but with some extraordinary good performance as well as specially given actor Seo Jung and Kim Yu Suk, I have been able to work with them. There is little reason to suggest this picture. I did not see "Audition", but I suspect it would change my opinion about "Isle". Its violence is paleographic and foolishly tragic. Her penis is not pornographic, but innocent and masochistic. There is no plot because the characters behave irritating emotions. His point is not existent, I would admit, that I did not understand the Korean cultural work lost in it. <br /> <br /> The only beauty cinematography, which is classic kim: Fog-covered boats gradually covers a lowered lake, background dominance background, and a mythical and colorful color. Occasionally it seems that the viewers are locked in Kim Romero room Kim Kim. Some touching, such as the mysterious and seductive silent trader operated by rust and weird strange use of motorbikes, lobbying. But as a film, this effort is undoubtedly confusing and ultimately is not indispensable for the offensive, sensitization of the senses. One hopes that Kim will leave this kind of film production in the trash hip, because we know he is so capable.
