This order began in Rome, where the head of the special order of the guard, who worked in Deminic (Francisco Karnalutti), ghosts and ghosts, was found dead, cut in New York City, where he was contacted by Alex Burner (Heath Laser), the top brass cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller) who investigates him in the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominique's death Asked. His girlfriend, Marie Wilms (Shannin Sosamman) and fellow butterfly Thomas Garrett (Mark Eddie), Alex open up for his advisor's death and travels to Italy, after the advent of the truth, Dominic resides with Sin and Eber's sin and their understanding so that they can die peacefully. And Church was not happy about its activities. Of course, Alex should certainly decide ... <br /> <br /> Under the title of this American German co-production title, Bayan Helgland and Dean 'I'm really honest and I usually, that's honest, if really That much for me However, any script started with a mess of something which is okay, but it is completely predictable, unreasonably lazy and annoying, sometimes stupid and it takes itself very seriously. The whole idea is great and it seems shiny with it when it seems that there is such a clear wrapping that closes everything and makes the whole round, then I think it's the most obvious and lazy way to finish it. Here is the usual religious theme, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prediction, deceit, smoke, smoke, you know the thing. Then, twists that are not difficult to see, power is abused by high ranking clergy, corruption, greed, evil etc. You know that the type of Hollywood genre and the themes that are used each time with reuse are the Church. The order does not say anything new and it sucks as a serious part of filmmaking, many. I am not very sure how the order has been intended to appeal, such as a die-hard horn fan, I do not see it very awkward, as thrilling it is less than thriller, as a mystery it is very predictable and there is actually to catch or maintain interest There is nothing here, and for some reason I can not inform IMDB as an action film which is amazing And it's considered as the average part of the street (1969-present) as action-packed. Suddenly, but I think it is ... <br /> <br /> Director Helgland does a good job, the picture seems to be a very soft discussion plan, and it gradually slowly gradually increases slowly Slowly washed. For a supposed horror movie, the order is very light on fear or horrible element, in fact there is no other than two evil kids who can not reveal a flock of birds for no reason, do not ask. Since no forgiveness or violence has been forgotten, it may at least be worth a visit. According to the 'Trivia' section of IMDB, the date of the liberation war was reinstated, so some special effects could be improved because they looked strange, I can say that the final film is being judged that the effects are really bad because it is standing now because it is standing . <br /> <br /> I was surprised that the order was about $ 28,000,000 in budget which is hellfire and I can not see it all set which is good and sets apart from the production design. The whole film shows and very average and completely forgotten. Acting is okay, though the annoying gypsy seems to excite some foul-muted comic relief, better actor such as Peter Weller is better than that. <br /> <br /> I like the title Sina Eater It is not really important, so far as I have noticed its targets by the concerned milestone and it's a neutral way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life. ! Not recommended.
