Sorry about this movie, I heard about this "Gogli" that I heard a lot about Flop before Ben and Jane this summer. "The Order" was apparently done in an unknown degree that the scenes seemed to be a collection of disconnected sequences, instead of creating a concerted and provocative movie, which could not make any adjustment to a unified plot slightly. Now, I have to find a good agent for a Human Laser fan ("10 things that I hate you", "a knights tail" and especially "mind ball"), but my man will find himself a good agent. Continue to take the script like "order" and "four feathers" and he's going to be on track of movie abstraction faster. <br /> <br /> I had problems here. First, the director tried to present two other plot lines for the inadequacies of the required plot, which was not good at all, well, many things. Plat skins in the United States, trying to take Vatican and the Dark Pope, although gently, did nothing to reveal anything about the main character of the audience. The effort to attach this thread tie together was good. Secondly, do not insult viewers' intelligence by entering mandatory film scenes. We created Angst, produced love, and most nonsensically made sex products, which seemed like a page just outside of "Matrix Reloaded" with school-nunbing technology music. Instead of character development, these ingredients obviously looked like cheaper devices, half-hearted attempts to put popcorn-chewing teenagers in the seats. Third, and most importantly, this movie seems to be an interesting idea. We have scandal, we have religion and our game has supernatural power. So why do not we learn a lot about somebody's background? We learn a little about Alex, but he also leaves the priesthood's emotions to sleep with a woman two days later, a woman who, in the past, tried to kill him during the rebellion sometime in the past. And Alex is the most advanced, if you can call it, the character of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Claich is going on today, if you are going to watch a movie this year, make sure it does not have it. There are ten interesting minutes outside the 101-minute unreasonable relationship. The only thing to save me was with the girl, which I liked rather. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10 I'm frustrated. Make this file firmly under the hand potential but blew it on editing and bad directions. Hello my people, go back to the ball like mind-like camos. They really sued you
