In the days before the Catholic Church, a sinner was a person who would take the sins of a deceased person on himself through religious ceremonies. Often, these people were outgoing or similar people, who would not leave the church, thus denying them the entrance to the heavens. The exclusive interference of the chruch, as seen as condemnation, is condemned as the sinner condemns to feed. Make this sexually offensive with some supernatural supernatural works, where the idea can be moved and "The Order", a film that combines the religious anti-authoritarianism of "Stigmata", "The X-Files", 'Unusual Investigation', and " Thorny bird "Sexual curiosity is a strange mood that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a barbarian cleric, one of the last members of the order of the Caroling, a semi-knowledge-seeking, spiritual order of giant-warring priests. Beside Driscoll (Peter Weller) sent Alex to investigate if Alex's advisor was found dead in strange circumstances. Tagging colleagues Caroling's Thomas (Mark Eddy) and Mar (Shannin Sasman), who was one of Alex Exxcises one year ago. Three investigations went to Rome and the wicked Catholic heresy, insulting prophecy, a dark underworld of giant rage and a person who claims to be the last surviving sin-eater (Beno Furman). Written and directed by Brian Helgland (who worked with Scatters and Half-Heart "A Knights Tale" with the same principals), the film is a diverse, and difficult to categorize. It wants to be more than one thing - the occult thriller, the religious conspiracy, the dramatic television pilot - and is sometimes only successful in it. It does not help with slow motion or significance that most actors feel like their sleeping in blazing explosion through performance. Lasers, in particular, have an exceptionally stunning view of an otherwise monochromatic performance frustration. Alwaysman has shown the same disconnected performances given in all of his films (as well as "Law of Attraction"). <br /> <br /> This plot itself lags behind the stories of different stories, leading you to be surprised at which one is the main one with every pressure containing red her rings. The big gap in the story is sometimes lost in the scene, which can be confusing for many, but it is one of the essence of the film's preservation. The formation of the film - The real obvious opposition is never seen until the end of this movie - Most of the films for viewers' analysis and reasons compel the viewer to clearly express all about it (Exceptions are the Caroline's historical background and sin-eating habits, which are explained in both dry expositions Has been). Even at the beginning of the film, the characters are supposed to interpret relationships and history instead. Collect it with intelligent use of location shooting and special effects, and you have your old-world supernatural thriller, even with a somewhat memorable opening achievement in the late 70's / 80s <br /> <br /> <br /> < br /> <br /> For the fine and organic scores of David Tarn, it is summarized briefly, it is the lowest orchestration and the Lisa Gerard-Style Combination of traditional voice calls <br /> <br /> A misleading plot, lacklessness, and sometimes a sleeping performance will often suppress a movie, but for some reason, the "order" remains clutterable. The film will be closed for many people because of its peculiar sensitivity and some may even be angry that they are forced to understand their brain's higher functions. Nonetheless, the uninterrupted uncertainty of the film will prevent it from being a critical or commercial success to the DVD, which I am sure will be stocked in a deleted scene. A proposed movie for those who only watch watches. 10 out of 6
