When the robots start attacking a big city, who will stop the mad behind the attack? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan on the Skyways, and his opponents deal with inconsistent issues with his former reporter Pauline Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former Flight Partner Captain Frankie Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> The Sky Captain and tomorrow's world can look and feel like an exciting movie but it is actually very neutral and disgusting. The film is running 106 minutes yet it seems too much because there is no substance in this film. The visual was great and the film did an excellent job. However, there is nothing to support this wonderful visual. The film lacks a story and interesting characters while creating quite nasty and unnecessary things. I blame the director and author Kerry Conra. She focuses a lot on the visual aspect and spends a little time in the real story. The movie is like a girl with no personality, after some time it's kind of bland and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. This is just another case of style on the substance. <br /> <br /> Acting is an amazing average and it's not really their fault because they had very little work to do with them. I am the main reason for this movie because of Angelina Jolie. However, the advertisement is quite confusing and she is only filming for 30 minutes. Its performance is nicely delightful as well. Jude Law gives you a better performance even though you would expect much more from her. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was really one of the only I liked. She gives an excellent performance as a mysterious woman and she was the only attractive character in the whole film. <br /> <br /> Although the movie is not a complete boost. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There just was not enough of them. The film just does not have that hook to make it memorable. It was actually quite bland and it was not very compelling. It was very bad that the film was not very good because it was a committed proof. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly undervalued below and the observer is not really valuable. Ratings 4/10
