"Sky Captain" Comic can be considered a tribute to books, decorations and film serials, but it is one of the best magazines. A contributor says that depends on the effect of the movie's film on the benefit of the film. I do not really think of all this. His expectations were that "Captain" of movies, fiction and series were completely different. Especially so those who enjoy children when they enjoy. This image is almost completely emitted from charm and magnetic attraction. Of course we know that Leads will come out of scraps and have some excitement and drama. The "Captain" law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent the catastrophe, and by that time they will reach under five minutes, they are not moving towards their goals. They take time to look for long look and unnecessary conversations and a fallen enemy going into the 30-second tragedy. Of course a specific conference is expected to be included but a good director will keep in touch some of the instant. <br /> <br /> Someone does not necessarily expect such movies to be "understandable". One hopes to be some ideas of their fun, thrilling and interior logic. There is almost no one "Captain". Remember when the law and the Paltrow winged animals are being followed and they reach a huge bridge that they pass through a log bridge? How do they come to be perfectly safe from animals when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! The moon itself means nothing to them. Where is the bridge unnecessary for them to flee? If the flying creatures are 'forbidden' to land in the sky, the film has not made any effort to tell us how or why or even if <br /> <br /> I know that "Pluto" and "Law" (both gave good performance in the past) are "played" But both were complimentary flat. Only Giovanni Ribici (who showed herself the ability to have great flexibility here) and Angelina Jolie started giving her "tears" in their roles, though OMid Jalili believed that if she had got the opportunity, she could manage a little more. He did a great job considering how he was largely disconnected. <br /> <br /> The film was a great "face" but CGI has been confused with so many ways. When it is used for fantastic, CGIIT works best, when it is used to create animals that do not exist in nature or used for scientific or magical spectacular elements. It is frustrating when it is used for natural conditions. No wonder there is no real wisdom. A CGI mountain does not have any stability or fear, and it is not an eastern mountain that predicts. I know that the design of this film was deliberate and it was not right to think it real, but would it have to fail? It just does not. <br /> <br /> For the weak and clipped script ... respect is no excuse. Still, the movie might have some exciting and dramatic tensions, it can still be enjoyable. "The Last Samurai" was predictable as the day of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but all of the "Captain" that was it attracted the attention of the audience and took us the rules and the path "Sky Captain" is not much of the same. <br /> <br /> I would like to see the same method for films about the 30 and 40 comic book heroes. The original (J. Garrick) flash or green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as tasty for such treatment. Perhaps the better, more well-known and perfectly realized characters that the character will create for a much better film. It would be hard to be bad
