This movie was to sit through an actual torture festival. Its first mistake is being spontaneously treated as 'bad thing' with nuclear energy, which it must convey to the audience firmly. When it does not stoop to put its logic, it has been providing breathlessly just-proven information to participants; Anyone who is missing is crying "When someone thinks of children!". While watching this movie, I was thinking, "Where did you hear it?" Or "that might not be possible" - however the information was backed up by a little reliable source. And blessed, the 'regular people' in the film has more than the load of people about the potential and intelligence of nuclear power; Filmmakers may be blamed, but equally, this is the condition shared by rock stars in a movie. <br /> <br /> For actors ......... .. Some of us are very respected musicians, whose music I enjoyed, and I am certain that some of them believed in this reason. But they all wander around trying to find something to work around the old hippie, now it has passed 60 years by them. Graham Nash and James Taylor are especially embarrassed. Nash seems to be trying very hard - it seems that he probably can not believe what he said (I do not blame him), but frustrated to be noticed and involved. James Taylor is the most impressive "protests" that can ever imagine, "Stand and Fight", which acts as the most scary protests. In fact, most performance is pretty bland when they are not being sponsored. It seems like someone works by this event, as it does not really mean much to them. The driving force behind this whole phenomenon seems to be John Hole of the handball band Orlins and is responsible for most wimpiest MOR pops of the 70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance with me" and "still one".) This is notable because it fails to inspire a real emotional emotion in the music here. The reason is life-death with permission, but everybody sleeps through their numbers like they are playing Catskills. Except Gill-Scott Heron - his protest number "We are almost lost Detroit" at the very least, but with all the kisses of high school, how he is 'disputed' is influenced by it. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance raises a pulse; I'm not Bose's big fan ever, but he smokes absolutely no questions, no question. I think it was different from each and every one separately and different and different different tape. Compared to the general transparency and self-satisfaction air here, it is no wonder that Bruce was called as the 'Soul of the Rock'. <br /> <br /> But its performance is bound by even solitary concert shooting. I do not expect many shiny camera movements from a 70's film, but the shots are unnecessarily static, divided by the second cutaway divided into backpack singers. Now, someone with somebody can be lonely heaven; And * maybe * filmmakers will be more efficient in shooting documents than footage of the concert - but to see a film more efficiently, look for "Rusty Nove Slips" or "The Last Waltz". And with more exciting musicians <br /> <br /> So, there are only two things to watch this movie: Springsteen star performances, and as a sad snapshot of the falling culture.
