Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, rein on the population of cyborgs led by wartime work. They basically keep them like animals, because they need new human blood to survive. Nia and her brother were children who were led to survive when their child was attacked, and a few years ago when she again met with Sieberg, but this time she was saved by Sybourg Gabriel, who was created to destroy everyone cyborgs. Work and her men are mostly on the way to catching populated cities, when Nia (in mind) advises Gibralal to train him on the murder of Siebburg and he will take him to Gabriel. The cheap low rent cyber / post-apocalyptic forums by writer / director Albert Pine (who created "Siebberg" and created the same year "Nemesis"), a stray Hong Kong associated with some interesting novels. The very small structure creates its path in the story of Straberber, because the Turgid script is weak, authentic and too much. Lead tries to be a satirical cat, but it comes across quite stinks and ridiculous at unintentional moments. The event's action is mostly stupid and routine. The element could use a more polish up, because it was an inspired idea, lazy inclusion, lack of a story and almost junky tone. Open-end, Clifhanger's conclusion is very sudden, especially a sequence has been created. It feels like going out of the money and says "let's finish the other day (or another decade) while spending time. There is no shock." However, this has changed, thanks to the speed at it, some well-executed warfare and the gliding painter of George Muradian, who naturally captured the apparently visible backdrop. Performance fair Kris Kristofferson's dry and strong personality works perfectly as Gabriel and a confident, mentally capable Kathy pulls stunts with long skills and aggression. But his performance is very wood. A mugging lance Henriensen gives a face to the mouth of the pure asthma, the action of the arched cyborg leader, which is constantly being done as a saliva drunkenness. Plenty of gulefulness drums as Scott Paulin pays as much as one among Cyborg and Gary Daniels. Pyun strikes up a few exciting martial arts set pieces, involves some flashing power and gratuitous slow pace. Seeping in the background is a scorching, but mechanical sound music score. Special effects and make-up FX are fine enough. Visible, but not quite a success, and it can be the lowest limitation factor.
