A few minutes after the credit channel, I saw this thing in a cable channel this night, so I do not know who it is first. As long as I saw it, I started to think more, "Jesus, it looks like Albert Pine Flick." Although it was not sure for two main reasons: the photography was pretty good (and the Utah Desert scenes were beautiful), and Scott Polin Simon gave a ridiculous performance as a killer named Saiberg, but some styles and mood in a sense. Polyline must be shot by a clever laser, because Albert Pine did not write anything interesting or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, there is not a screenline that has all the time that he has gone before, and bad for the movie. Lance Henriquesen, playing bad cyber cyborgs, enhances his way through his part, as he did in countless other movies. I do not know what Kris Kristofferson is doing this thing; Probably he wanted to see what happened like the Utah Desert and it was paid for. She went through the film (and the sound) as she woke up and actually put the last half of the film behind her behind in the tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, interesting, has a great body, very well fought, has a great body, and does not have the temperament of his talented actor, but this is not important in a movie. This is an Albert Poin Film, full of trademarks that we all know and love: mad and stupid dialogue, sticky editing, and the impression that they have lost a rock in the middle of the picture and "Hum" <br /> <br / > <br /> <br /> Although it is as bad as this picture, it is a shadow on the other endeavors of Piune - "Adrenaline" than its brain's flexibility in "brain ears": Rush Mind "for example. The fights are quite well done, if it is repetitive (after that they make eight or nine people one after the other, you say to yourself, "OK, go to something else"), and long a lot of athletes (and, as previously mentioned poster, Have a great derrière). This is not a good movie by any stretch of imagination, but it is not as close to as helpless and unable as Pyun's usual extravaganzas. You could do worse than renting this movie - not too bad, allowed, but still bad.
