People have two groups ... who they see and common people love each Fellini movie. Although I will admit that I have enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand up to them. My opinion, however, is not some knee-jerk response - I have seen most of Filini's films and saw many movies by the world's most famous directors. With this mind, I think that the most overrated and annoying director can be both Guadard and Fellini. While they are both delighted in both bizarre and often obsolete and still received accolades and "intelligencia" from critics, while the average person will not have to sit through some of their movies. Hacks, even a person who loves international cinema, generally find that some of these movies are cold. So, just a small cycle really looks at their movies and they already appear to be the director as a genius, it is not surprising that their films are often praised - it's like a religion! If you do not believe me, then think about the fairytale movies like Carmen or Alfiwill ... or what about the Falunin Satron or Jupiter of souls? These films are broad with boring, curiosity and ignorance. Now I'm not saying that a movie can not be weird (after all I love the happiness of Katakuris and Shawolin Soker), but it will be watchable! <br /> <br /> Now this movie. Whereas, Fellini has managed to make a story about a sex compulsive people completely annoying and unsexy. This is not a small task - it did a lot of work to make it unexpected. Instead of a cheap sex thriller, sexual activity is done in a shameless and annoying way of choreography, when the character of the casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics, which shows Donald Sutherland as a ghoul. I know that some of these may not be fellins, but many visitors will be completely annoyed by this stupid performance - especially the lines of Cetterland are most commonly dubbed in Italian and so they do not seem to see themselves! Unfortunately, when the movie is not covered in this annoying sex escape, there is nothing else to look for. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual victory shown in this soft movie is that it looks amazing like a small version of actress Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Even before, for the past few decades, Messina plays characters like a prostitute and horribly abused woman in Fellini, it seems that she hated her wife and acted on this screen. I think about them and reading a bit about their storm relationship and carrying it as well. I was the only point of view of this interesting movie which was interesting to me. Do not tell me I did not warn you!
