I'm usually a Spike fan fan. It really took some time for her "Mozo", but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story around her heart, Leo is a genius. Contrary to the 25th Hour or the Bamboo (my two favorite movies), there was no clear story in this film. I understand struggles in Washington and prefer to play well or be influenced by others, but Lee has not been able to find true feelings for some strange reason. Did a good job with what was given to Washington, but you can say that it is not Lee's favorite movie. Lee did not manage this picture, but he also wrote it. You can say that. The camera work was horrible and the only film contributing to film losses. This picture is coming full circle and it's not going to be nice. Lee was not 100% behind the film with The Right Thing. I saw Lee direct that in all the movies, it was the most brilliant and modest of his films. Almost one made a Hollywood movie, which was its own. I do not know that he saw money from the right thing and ran with it, right? But this picture did not reveal its true genius. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has gone out of this picture, and probably stopped showing any of Spike Lee's activities because of this movie, I would give him second chance Do not make me go wrong, I see where you came from with this photo and why you want to keep it behind, but Lee gets bigger. His work gets more than his own and you can see the transition from the desire to earn money that you want to make good movies. It took me a while to see the 25th hour, but when I did it, there was shine. Perhaps it's the actress, perhaps the story, but Lee made an amazing film on a journey of unknown people. I think that I hope M. Better blues will be started. This really dark journey in the human life that really really gets bigger, but instead I've been getting Denzel being Denzel. She is truly one of the most versatile actors of this generation and I think she is Sydney's Pottier, but the film was not about her talent. <br /> <br /> Another thing that was with me was a movie about the love of the speaker's sister. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think that I could have sex with my sister. I am not worried about the actor or the amount of money I am paying, I can not do it. It's something I never want to see, but apparently it's different for Spike. She went ahead and showed full naked images of her sister without any remorse. It was sad and even made me blush. Also, I need someone to answer this. Flower Flav What was the work of presenting this picture? So, I'm sitting on my couch, ready to start the film, suddenly there is a voice from the studio's past spell that made this film, then he confessed himself. That story was not built for a strong resume. Again, I felt that Lee is going for money in this movie instead of the actual change. Perhaps he could both afford both Dangle and Wesley without having any explosion in the same film. <br /> <br /> There were two great scenes in this movie that were ultimately valuable to watch. Do not make me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but always has a diamond in all the alleyway. The scene when Blake accidentally forgot that she was with any woman was becoming funny. He constantly went behind, woven the confusion in the way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene which was lost in snail due to the unexpected scenario. The other spectacular view that was shown was the method which Lee was presented and finished. With the same pacing and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character around the whole circle and give him the opportunity to change his life. Between these two moments, the rest of the image was pure garbage, not worth seeing unless you became blind. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** ***** Outside
