This year I saw one of the worst movies. You do not see this movie, but if you insist on losing your time, you have to stop here, there are spaces. Gray and Sam Beldwin (Heath Graham and Tom Cavanagh) Gray Matters Center. Only Gray and Sam are brothers and sisters; Everyone else lives together as people and wives. No gender but just about everything else. Initially, the film begins with its theme: 'The most stupid thing you feel is the most stupid response to you at the most painful moment.' Gray and Sam decided to check out a dog park with a brood. Then to get his skinny on the woman who first saw him to push his brother, he did it and got very flexible questions. When he ordered his brother to come, they started a 3-way date. Charlie (Brigitte Mannahan) is their dream girl, things just like everything else ?? Sam ending the date with a marriage proposal of Gray and couple on the hit head! That's Charlie! One week will be in Charlie, Gray and Sam Vegas. The next week, Charlie and Gray stopped shopping for wedding gowns (apparently Charlie's off-the-rock image). When Gray is slurping a gladden latitudes Charlie suggests some gowns as well as well and takes a $ 10,000 gap for her. Charlie is jumping in this 'down-payment-on-a-house' gown, although Grey Laty is slurping (I swear it was like a feed bag). What will happen but 'woops!' Latte on all the gowns It can not be explained how it comes out of a wedding hall of Bloomington with a $ 10,000 moc colored gown. Return to reality '?? Caesar Palace Las Vegas They have a 'high roller room' (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie Intern's zoologist?) Did they get all this money?) Gray hammed out in a single room under the hall so that he and Charlie could be a postgraduate. There was a drink-a-thon, you guess it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Think of Charlie Nada They create the wedding chapel and when the Reverend comes to his line "Gray has excused himself with these two love birds", Gray himself excuses, Reverend will repeat his last line for some reason and right again 'hiccups' in the row. Gray gets back to New York and is literally combined that she starts dating someone. And of course you are guessing it again! Gay The other is a jolt and the third is known as taxi taxi driver (Alan Cummins). She smittened with Gray but the feeling is not back. They became great friends. This is good because she kisses about clean with Sam. She rises and kicks her from her apartment. When Sam comes to his senses, he goes to his office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is in the middle of the evening zone smack. It has all the conference rooms in the camera and microphone, which is broadcasted to all computer monitors in the organization. Sam got Gray in one of the conference rooms for a private conversation and finished him in the entire office. Here I suspect that there was a gay man or lesbian in the crew: Gerdie comes for her rescue and strongly believes her to go to a gay bar. 'Do not forgive' the ball bowler. So dragging Gray and Gordie into Gordiee. Bad drag She was a black black satin-like blouse, a string of pearls, and a grandmother church cap. No lesbian will ever confuse this woman as 'dress costume'. The Bar was also a simple laser bar imaginable: Victoria's hidden models were full. Everything turns out peachy ?? She went home with her firm client. Gray woman should be over the woman and eventually kissing more then. Someone does not say anything because of Charlie and he is unconscious with Gray through the whole film of this kiss, but it is for sigell.
