I had to walk fifteen minutes from the end of this movie ... through the cringe stage and went to the pure borome. What really makes me afraid, I'm really annoying me, people say that this non-drill is 'delightful' or 'must be seen.' I feel deeply sorry for the disaster that it is not for this separate impression that most positive comments about this rising and humorous concern were written by the industry trees. <br /> <br /> It's really a long film that entertainment or illuminated nothing. It is perfectly accurate, unreasonable, fake, scripted and has the speed and speed of cold, canned rice. To be kind to Miss Krummer, the best person can say that this was a missed opportunity, because I was expecting some more challenges to read the summaries before I saw it. The possible misunderstanding of close brothers and sisters tolerance, 'sister' was an obvious topic for the most popular comedic search in the unexpected awakening of sex and such siblings challenge (for love for the same girl). Instead of <br /> <br />, a deadly series continuation of the continuous and uninterrupted situation of the audience is organized, where the characters and low performances described in the struggle for faith and undoubtedly have a lot of hard work. The lack of control of the director looks fantastic; On one hand, Moynahan, Kaawanagh and the Spaces give all the pedestrian performance, look at Hitter Graham and Molly Shanan - especially afterwards - many times to make embarrassing compensation. One might blame a director - perhaps Su Kemar hopes that if his actor does extra work, he will get a big smile from the audience. But then again, Cast is an elderly one; One would hope to do their job well. <br /> <br /> Mama Krummer really needs to think about what kind of movie she wants to create and for whom. Due to the fact that the Gray Matrix in providing potential issues, and because of the reluctance or unwillingness to explore them completely about a comedy, it should probably consider writing plays instead. I know that making films about women and women is not easy, especially when the only woman expects to reach the audience alone, but whatever direction she gives, Gray and ornamental characters are not going to spend the beans like Gray.
