Sam (Thomas Kawanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are sincere siblings who share an apartment and love of many things - Bollywood dance, 1940s movie music and their surprise, Charlie (Bridgette Mannahan) is an interesting woman. Historically discriminatory, Gray is confused by his new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters proved to be one of the most sophisticated movies I have ever seen. It is absolute, expected, unreasonable, bad acting and poorly written. Nothing about it felt real and everything was very impressive. Also, this is not a romantic comedy with a special twist but more of a "coming out" movie. In the first half with the crew sequence romantic stuff, try to trick and participate in half part with tricky and genuine acceptance. Unfortunately, he sadly failed. The first half was originally weird and only Heather Graham was able to keep it slightly. Then, the film received a painful tone and all got serious. Serious scenes were handled badly and all the emotions just felt terrible. <br /> <br /> I guess I've enjoyed a bit more when the relationship between these characters feels more and more. The brother and sister relationship was very weak and they did not really feel that close. Their relationship just seems very natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Breedgate felt very unusual. If two are going to get married after less than one week to know each other but you would expect to see a little more tense but the characters asked to get married in Vegas, likewise what the specials are asking the waiter. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to get involved with unsupported characters involved in the film. <br /> <br /> Most of the acting was poor, which surprised the comic actor. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. He was funny and had some charming scenes but it was very bad that all his co-stars had complete duds. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and his performance ringed lying at each level. Also, he seems to be reading his line. Thomas Cavanagh was beautiful wood and he showed almost no passion. Chemistry was unattainable between Thomas and Heather, and the film was damaged because their relationship seemed terrible. I can usually rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in supporting role but here she is just boring. Sissy had two scenes about Spsek and she was boring in both. Finally, Allan Cumming was just an embarrassing character and his performance was not very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame film and it's not valuable. Ratings 3/10
