Many people said oraca ?? The killer whale stopped a jaw rip. This is not true, although the massive commercial success of Jaus has made this man undoubtedly. In the second half of the 70's, animals made more interesting recommendations for filmmakers. Orca ?? Killer Hale Mobi Dick will be described more accurately as a modern day repetition. It's a story about emotions. On one hand, trying to revenge his partner's death from inside! Whale to kill a whale before claiming more life than the ghostly inquiries of another charity hunter. Sadly, a very frustrating movie has appeared in Oraca-Killer Hail, its fundamentally striking ideas are somewhat destroyed by Hamy performance and extravagant plotting. <br /> <br /> Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) Marine Life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampoling) Diving on the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting ended with a disaster when Rachel's team was attacked by Great White Shark, but a killer came closer to halting the shark. After that, Nolan became increasingly obsessed with catching a killer whale and selling an aquarium. But behind his plan, when he accidentally killed a species of pregnant woman and saw an overwhelming male. Rachel told Nollan that a killer wheel is an incredibly intelligent mammal and a strong memory and feeling like people. Worse still, Native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that whale always remembers her grief and can do whatever she can to take revenge. Nalan initially tried to forget the whole tragedy, but whales caused the city to catch up in fishing, and the angry locals claimed that Nalan kept the sea in the sea and wanted to destroy it. Finally the Nolan killer is forced behind the wheel ?? The victim goes all the way to the warm ice in the Arctic Ocean, where people and animals fight against each other in a fierce battle. <br /> <br /> There are two things in this picture. Hunting scores by Anneo Mikeron (probably the greatest musician of all time cinema, his talents were tied at tens of tens of the 70s and 80s). The other is Ted Moore's amazing widescreen photography, which makes the movie more appealing to the eye. All other categories, Orca ?? Killer Hello is a cruel film that is nothing to increase its talented cast and crew fame. Harris appears highly ill throughout the film, altar of his hair, pale black ring and skin death around his eyes. Its performance lacks the usual biography. Rampoling hits many sexy stances, but its long-term and ill-wise explanations fail to convince the way of folds. The remaining actors have lost a brief and unused role, which is the most memorable, in which Bowe Derek gets hit by his retaliatory whale. From the beginning, from the beginning to the total disguise, as in rebellious order, the villagers are deliberately setting fire to fishing villages, which consume and destroy local refineries! While it is believable that the wheels are real emotionally intelligent creatures, the notion that a whale can revenge against a single human opponent and count it is totally stupid. Orca ?? The killer Whale is really one of the human completists. VS. Animal cycle from late 70's. Most of the time, in the movie, the disbelief, bowed down with despair.
