I recently saw this picture on the Hallmark channel. In my opinion, the film has become quite honest, but it has finally become frantic. Story: The US military in Afghanistan received a US Christmas card that sent a female soldier back to America, for Christmas, he was so inspired by the Christmas card that he felt that it gave him the hope and happiness of his life, This is a motivation going on. When he is discharged, he goes to the city in which he lives. She comes across and the fool comes and finds that she sends Christmas cards. After meeting the family and after saving his father (veteran war veteran of Vietnam war) who was hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decided to take him for a while. We learn that there is no family in his family. The soldier works with them on their logging company and agrees to help the family during the Christmas season. The family comes to love him and his opposite. The soldiers fall in love with the family girl - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man that is a love with. It's a long distance relationship. Lovers are very different from soldiers. He loved wine and travel on hard labor and great abroad and loved France. Woman next choice Throughout the rest of the movie, there is "love triangle" because the female lover returns to the city to come to the season. Everyone in the family seems to want to stay with the soldier and mother wants the best thing for her daughter. ** (Speaker Alert) ** The woman comes with a lot of soldiers, because they are very common. They have to spend a lot of time together. She gradually became attracted to her personality. Then one day she kisses and she kisses her. Now he is so confused! She loves her boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but she becomes so much love for the soldier. Soon, the boyfriend (who does not know about kisses, but the woman's protector and she thinks that the soldier is trying to penetrate her) decides to offer the woman and she admits. Her plans for her wedding, but she does not want to plan. She wants to stay home, have kids and wants to be close to her family. She wants to travel the world, go to exotic places and if she has kids she would like to take them with them. This is not a very thrilling word for the woman. However, the soldier feels bad about his work and does not want to make them worse. So, despite being told to stay with her and stay with her daughter, she decided to go to the city. During the Christmas Eve service with the church, we learned that the soldier has not yet left. The boyfriend and the woman talk to each other outside and he decides to break the heart, basically go to him and break him. The film is uniting with women and soldiers. <br /> <br /> I like the way I like most of the soldiers around the film. He is basically nice and humble, with a strong sense of good for others; There is a time when the family goes with the church and is participating in charity; The family holds hands and pray during the evening meal; Parents and mother have a long lasting and definitely healthy marriage; After making a mistake, the soldier tried to do the right thing in a situation <br /> <br /> The things I do not like: This film contains a very common "love triangle" story; The soldier slowly quietly kisses slowly and then he has his lover. Most of the family appreciate this behavior - the family goes with the church and participates in the service, but in this way they work. Some bad languages ​​<br /> <br />: I ran frustrated by the movie, and it got worse. I ended up due to the very fast pace of the film. So, the film became honest with some mom's moments, but eventually destroyed himself. Therefore, I do not recommend this picture to anyone.
