Orca Christianova starts as the Irish sea captain, Nolan (Richard Harris), and his crew is trying to hold the Great White Shark so that they can sell it for big money, unfortunately, when a helpless marine biologist Cain (Robert Caradine) encounters an attack from it . Shark is murdered by the killer Hell, the murderers raise their interest in halaguli and instead they want to catch one of them. While trying to do so, she caught a pregnant woman and surrounded her unborn fetus and got angry with her partner, ordered Nalan Holle to return to the sea, what happened. Prior to reaching the dry land of Newfoundland in Canada, male killer Vell was annoyed to say the least and killed Nullan's crew, once the killer continued to attack the city of Hell, and his people tried to bring Nalan back. <br /> <br /> I was thinking that this cute Rip Off was terrible, I was sorry, but I thought it was simply ridiculous and completely lazy in a modest 90 odd minutes. The script written by producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati is so stupid that I'm going to lose for the words, in fact it does not seem very important, and it will have to hear me sharklot rumpling if the intelligent killer Whale's just once I'll scream. I am sorry but I do not believe that a treacherous intelligent person knows and knows that it can sink, I do not believe that a killer whale could cause a huge explosion including opening an oil lantern from a wall. On the contrary, there is no way in the world that it can hit it, that it was there, I do not believe that a killer wheel can identify someone's house, someone knows that he is there and then it is destroyed, I do not believe A killer can remove the surrounding snow in order to hold a boat on the boat, I do not believe that the killers of Hellers physically know the people   ে পারে এবং আমি বিশ্বাস করি না যে এটিতে কোনো প্রতিশোধের প্রবৃত্তি আছে বা কমপক্ষে এমন কেউ নেই যা এই নির্বোধ চলচ্চিত্রটি তৈরি করে । Maybe I'm a little harsh, I mean it's just a movie after all but it's a film trying to be serious and things have become so ridiculous that I was half that the killer wanted to tell Nalan a letter to tell him hello (Or should it be a bird?), Giving it a sense of just knowing something else Echila. They should say to come up with a remedy for the common cold! Seriously, this is a statement that is not far away from anything else in this movie. I did not have anything in the screen with a very annoying, totally dull and scary character in the film. It is not saying that it is a rouge off (1975) that does not come to Spieberg's classic. <br /> <br /> There is no guarantee of director Anderson Spielberg, this garbage film is absolutely no doubt, always in fear, tension or atmosphere. All attack scenes are soft and completely forgotten like a dishwatcher, they do not have any build up and nor do not eat single person. Then the scenes that saw me laughing laughing, Khelar hello crying shots were a true comedy and in the early scene of two assassins Hills, I tried to show them as a 'loving' and 'caring' couple but I could not help but remember that this The closest we'll ever get to the killer whale, ridiculous things The Keller Hall's footage itself is colorful and annoying, combining footage with it, and growing scenes around it, it looks just like wild wildlife documentary footage, which has little connection to anything else. Do you like this impression that I do not like this picture? Well Forget about a cow or a modest death, Bob Derek's short story shows his short sight but you will miss it. <br /> <br /> This was probably a big budget and it's still suckling, there's nothing extraordinary about Orca, it's good but I'm flat, soft and completely forgotten. Cinematography is quite beautiful though. Bad acting, bad Rampoling, and late Harris's Irish accent is shameful. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> One of the worst movie lovers is everywhere. Certainly not recommended though, as Gaus: The Revenge (1987) is quite bad.
