This is an impressive film - especially the old movie buff and historians (both of them). In the first half of the twentieth century, sadly, black Americans were not generally allowed in White Theater. As a result, black viewers' food providers reflect the black experience and shows movies showing black actors. In most cases, the film was essentially the same plot-based as the Hollywood Rental standard, but with much lower budget - and generally awful production prices. You can not really blame the filmmakers - they do not have the money or resources for the average film companies. As a result, they had to pay a lot less - with reliance on stock actors, which are repeatedly seen, no money and movies need to be re-shot for the re-shooting scene! The film tried to try as a black version of Gene Autri - instead Herb acted in Jeffrey. Jeffrey Mixed Peasants is a light-skinned man and he has played several similar cowboy films. In each, he sings a little, he battles a little (though very bad) and loves a little bit - everything you need in the cove. Do not believe Jeffrey is still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> It was weird from the general plot of the picture - complete with immense things like the West's telephones! The problem is that despite its equanimity, light is illuminated through low budget. Steve (some lines from Leal Rosales), but they gave up, the war scenes were completely unchoreographed and sometimes the worst in the film, there were some strange plot holes, no background music was strange, and the act was pretty cool Was terrible. Now that does not mean that the movie is not valuable - it is only tied with technical issues which prevent it from scoring higher. One critic, weird, this image is 10! How can these problems cross me? However, I understand a person who likes the film despite many problems. The plot is generally good, characters are preferred, musical numbers are excellent and you know that the filmmakers have tried so hard and it is an important part of American history. But a 10! <br /> <br /> However, casting little bit, very short, thin and almost white-white with jeffery, his little, weird and extraordinary dark montanormalland ... has been associated with his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams may be known to you. She played TV's "Amos" and Andy Andy.
