This 4-part documentary has some snippets on the necessity of reforming recreational drug laws, but these are not very well developed, who think that many snippets are currently being taken from drugs that are illegal. For which the only imaginary solution, even those drug addicts and even guilty people, is angry for the conviction. <br /> <br /> Although this program is completely, with the impression of the audience, that drug drug is basically a vain exercise and waste of money, and for this it is worth some praise, almost no problem in this documentary addresses the real problems that only illegal drugs Causes and contributes to the complete wars against individuals - Drug fighters themselves are very realistic The question will be asked if they think the drug is designed to solve the drug. For example, crack cocaine is spent a lot of minutes in increasing the popularity related to popularity in the 80s, at any given time, this program does not even indicate the rules designed to suppress crack cocaine that it is impossible for drug addicts to implement their contracts and laws in the courts of business. Take shelter in the system, violence for the business By adhya. But instead of showing the law as an important reason for violence, blame blames itself on blame. Undoubtedly, this program completely disregarded after the ban on alcohol, the violence that took place, and the withdrawal of the ban. <br /> <br /> This program will help ridiculously ridiculous stereootipes of drug users and this is very expensive and very problematic Drug War Driving Primary Power. The possibility of taking a drug other than alcohol in a happy and successful life is not really touching. The use of any additional drug may be the cause of personal problems, but not all users make extra doses of their drugs, just as all alcoholic users are not addicted. <br /> <br /> If you want a point from someone who believes that adults do not have moral authority and their lives have been destroyed by criminal justice system only because of reasons based on government, social social policy and legitimate science Most of the arbitrary political reasons, decided. Just forcibly, the users whose decision has decided to wage war against it, just forget it. There is no one here <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This is mostly the marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine in the United States in the 20th century. , An interesting neutroly-presented history of MDMA and oxytine drugs. However, there is a significant element of different people's views on drug laws and most of them (but not all) drug psychology, especially in the case of medicines, are not very thoughtful or well organized and not drunk. Other than marijuana <br /> <br /> Criminal justice system, with its often harsh life-destructive punishments, is not the only answer to obviously or not the most appropriate answer to every social problem, but unfortunately this is a pestilence of the nation, even with a specific non-specific disease whose primary symptoms are social policy Lack of imagination, when certain drugs, lack of compassion for fellow workers, officially approved Prejudice against people using non-drug medicines, perhaps a prison / police industry growth, and a great indifference to human dignity. If you do not have a good reason to do this and unnecessarily selected drug products are not the only way to do it, then abduction or hostage is not wrong. This is really the primary problem, when it comes to narcotics, but ignores this program. So, collectively, parts of this program, which deliberately presents history without eating stereotypes of drug users. The heart of drug war mentality is quite good and interesting and entertaining. But when a reasonable non-radical point is presented about the drug policy, and the examples of visitors are not only with drug problems but those who successfully add drugs to a happy and successful life, it is frustrating in most cases. .
