I almost saw it in an actual movie theater (an art-house theater, no less!) But it could not make it in full week, but yesterday I finally saw it on the cable and ... well ... I was not frustrated, Definitely! Madonna did it again: Another bomb! When will this woman learn? When will the studio learn? (Or perhaps they are already, since the film was originally dumped, a little curiosity and a fierce face.) One would expect that being inspired by her talented husband, Madonna who created some interesting and / or terrible recreational work, Looking wildly looking Susan "; Well, not only did he mean here, because he was very bad: exclusively his own glory, poking each frame on his chest, making his unclear mistake-making British more unbearable, a pronunciation that only his commentary voice defect Underscores that are not quality and especially delightful. It can be unnecessarily cruel, but look at the woman and look at her movies in the last decade of the decade: Like Beat Davis, she does not have her carrier, she has unreasonable cruelty for her face and body, in spite of the warm photography shown throughout the whole film (perhaps it only stores Mercy), is not of any benefit. For her achievements, the whole thing is so bad that if anyone can do something with this mess in the world on her best days, then surprisingly. Diamonds Greenwood does not seem to have really hurt the screen, even though Gene Triplehorn appears to be unfortunately unlucky, though he really thinks a little better, "Denial is not just a river, Egypt!" Italian original star, "Soup Away ..." Its star, Adriano Giianini, the son of Ziancarlo Giayanni, is like her father before, extremely compelling, and not very bad ("The most Bad actor "after getting Razi nomination)), however, almost all about this production, it comes back to Madonna, whose shoulder is blamed. Why her? Why is her husband, director Guy Richie? Only who was behind this remake? Which actress does not want to focus on each shot of a movie, not just sharing a relative screen? Oh sure, Richie is worthy of some blame: Of course he - or someone - someone! His line readings should have put some emphasis on the realm of real sentiment (it is so surprising for his performance that the rest is not getting a splinter), or at least the exhibition warmth is a similar ... but he seems resistant to be nothing but a cinematic black hole. Is. Any other above and beyond, it is strictly a vanity project for its star, so she is ultimately responsible for it. Such a movie, "strange couple" - which should be fought in class, light and fun, with whom it is belligerent, even romantic, can bounce with each other in dialogue, for which a movie that is associated with others. What is inequality, really? Sincerely, I think that anyone who is involved in the sounds they are trying to correct; It does not succeed as a comedy (I refuse to laugh you once) or Romance (Madonna Ice-Princess routine prevents chemistry). It's not even bad to enjoy our bad-movie lovers. A real shame ...
