I was wondering why I wanted to marry Peggy Sue, did not get married much more than I did, for the first time in 1986, these campaigns came with. Somehow I found out putting off the character of Nick Keez. Putting off the way. Then the plot does not seem to be knowledgeable. Then at the end of the credit, the question seems to be: What was the film made? What is this saying The answer, unfortunately, was not something, if anything. I did not really target this movie making a statement; Unless it is "your life is your life, you will not make the same mistakes, so keep an eye on Donat, and not a hole." Do not make a very deep statement, and I'm sorry, this movie is not created deeply. Writing is not that easy. The direction is uneven, and the odd is overblown at times. Kathleen Turner was the best and in my opinion, this was the only good thing in the film and in spite of surprising, unclear circumstances, a character created a character, despite being an odd one that did not have a written statement. <br /> <br /> He finally cleared my mystery for the main reason to enjoy this movie. He said in his autobiography that Cage had made a point in the fight towards the direction of his uncle Coppola, not doing "his way" (not a good idea for a new actor), and "fool" to make a fool's voice. "His voice is boring, It was abrasive and irrelevant, and his character was obnoxious as a young man and I was trying to understand what he did. Trying: Play a young girl with a "hot shot", who thinks he is not as hot as soon as he prepares for his future failure, but he goes overboard, the way he does it is not hateful, and if not He listened to his uncle instead of "Man War", then we got more enjoyable movies. His illogical voice styling in the cage Ulira little fuzzy, and occasionally a real person's voice can be heard, and the views of others is more than spectacular. But I completely see the movie if I do anything more damaged (the scene), the scene of his head in a bucket of water poured L.A. Want to give someone to <br /> <br /> The movie does not look at any statement, it does not make a point, when Cage looks at a layoff other than Elvis's impression (but not the voice), and ultimately, confusing and time waste. Given all this, Kathleen Turner deserves an Oscar in this flailing mess of a movie. I can not recommend spending a two-hour interval with anyone, unless you like Turner and you're far away from choosing all of its scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything other than the other scenes, and it will make as much sense as you like. <br /> <br /> Katrina Turner has received a lot of gaps from critics about her crime remark, which proves she is honest enough, and hell with other people's comments. You go, Turner! I do not particularly congratulate any actress other than the actress or actress, but refreshing her candy. The acting of the cage may be boring good, and here it does not work. At least, in this movie, now we know why.
