Lord Alan Kingheimham (Antonio de Taffei), a drunken person (early in the day trying to escape from a mad shelter), with the loss of this castle gradually, he likes to kill different hookers like his dead wife Evelyn, a woman with him Betrayed. People, who are with the red lock. This nutcase is quite rich and his bachelor's condition can be quite lucrative. However, he saw his expression (especially his adultery ...) with the memory of his late wife that he was naked with the boyfriend). Evelyn's memories almost consume her entire existence, Alan is trying her best to find true love and believes that she is with Gladys (Marina Mulfty, who most of the pictures spend nude, probably this is not her only feature, because she is not one. Good actress), who agrees to marry him after a very small love, which probably looks flashy {A conversation that elate the moment where he knows exactly how valuable it). <br /> <br /> Allan can only be admitted to a real person, Dr. Richard Timberlain (Giacomo Rossi-Stewart). This film, which has been around Alan, has other key characters. Alan's cousin George (Rod Murdoch) seems to be a good friend who often hurts him. I think, some days hope to get his Lord's property. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, witnessed the murder of Allan and instead of making him a policeman, to pay him cash. Masima Agath (Joan C Davies), is wheelchair bound, lives in the castle estate and is often seen behind cracked doors. We later learned that he was in love with Albert. <br /> <br /> The above descriptions are as follows: The rest of the story that Evelyn's ghost is considered as Allan Hunting, some are killing someone. Around the Alan, the family and the Evelyn family are really missing. <br /> <br /> The final question is who is making crime after marrying Allan and Gladys, where is Evelyn's body? Go to the edge? I have to be honest and say I do not care too much for this picture. It is badly uneven and pens everywhere. It looks great on the new DVD and is "cool from the grave" cooler, but in my mind how does the film hit it is that the whole cast is unlikely. During Alan's care, you have a hard time because he is a psychologist who is skating on thin ice to keep his softness. She might be quite unstable. Those who commit crimes are not surprising after the murder of a bigger character, but there are some who can do it. What happens to Alan does not really make your throat fall because you can argue that he is only able to qualify. Those who have mentioned before the whole scheme of Alan related films are not disappointed because if you are a bit aware of certain situations (or benefits), then it will be benefited with them, if allan's sanity breaks down, then everything is less than stellers. I thought the edit was sticky and unexpected, but the whole cast cast was actually below. Some stylists help and it is a sniff to help part of the Gothic atmosphere in the graveyard sequences.
