Alan (Anthony Stefan), English multi millionaire opened several screws (his first wife's unbelief and impossible death at the time of childbirth), hid sexy, red-headed women in his fortress, deposited their cash for the weekend stay. Once in his ancestor's Peelkhana, he gets his nickname, suppresses them with a bribe, and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he met the blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Mulfty) and fell wide leather for him, he decided to give up his killer ways and get married. Their married happiness is short-lived, but thanks to Allan's mental condition, which begins to appear outside his window to his dead wife Evelyn, and the horrors of horror killings fall into the grounds of the fort. /> So let's repeat: euro-roar of a Gourovie 70 with loads of delicious women in various clothing states; Distressed Gothic retreat and dirty graveyard; Droping with cracking bods is a sadistic rich psycho with a myths for dead gorgeous babes; Several deadly killings (including a bit where a victim has his head thrown with a rock and his entrails eaten by his foxes). Generally, such a checklist will give me a good time guarantee? So why did I get out of his grave 'Night Evelyn' so inferior? Well, for the beginners, the conspiracy gradually gradually gradually became gradually gradually gradually and gradually, gradually, it gradually gradually became red gradually and slowly. The ridiculous ending? What we have discovered, many people are greedy in Allan's wealth, and our red-head killer is actually considered to be the hero of the movie? My head was very hard to care for! Secondly, the order of Emilio Marglia is quite brilliant. Stylish, yes; But occasionally, like a rose, slowly. <br /> <br /> And then there are bits that are too stupid, perhaps even for a gaelo: death by poisonous snake bite (of course one of the most important choices of weapons); Alan's aunt Agatha, an elderly young woman who has played a pretty young girl; Hiring a group led by identical curly blondes as maid; The audience convinces that the film is set in England (referring to 'pounds' and appointing a scrap police uniform for extras is not enough); And then, of course, there is a possibility of finding sulfuric acid bags next to a swimming pool ... <br /> <br /> 'Night Evelyn came out of his grave' Not a total waste of time (How could it be so much female meat show ?), But there are many good giallo there. If you're a fan of this genre and you've already seen the best? But do not expect too much.
