This film is another distortion in many distortions against so-called 'consumers' sins'. Please remember that the actor (Bill Talen) is not much more than a bureaucracy against 'Reverend Billy', 'the sins of consumers'. We might ask questions, such as: Rev. Billy works for the living? How does he do his money? Did he close his tax-detection organization? How does the internal revenue justify this as a 'tax-deductible' church or organization? Everybody knows that Christmas is commercially commercial, but it is one day of a year in which there is a chance to have charity, and allow a significant number of people to spend time with their family, friends. , Or extended family. Not everyone is charity. Not everyone spends their time with family, friends or extended family. However, during holidays and holidays people give that opportunity and opportunity. Yes, America has done more than its problems - but, firmly, Americans always make it through great problems. And, even during the conflict, America has proved itself as the world's greatest country. Instead of tearing and unite, instead of separating and dividing Americans, it happens. Yes, there are issues with corporations and exclusive issues, but it will accept Americans to bring back small businesses, including responsibly responsible policies for people living in our distinct communities. Yes, globalization has been part of the problem of our problems, but America will bring America back to the United States. The United States and the US government have to learn how to stay in budget, no matter how big or small it is, and we must stop our reliability from credit. Depend on us on credit, and from the famine to grave, keep us poor. It's important to buy - however, if we buy less, then we'll be less dependent on credit. And, if we can save some time, even a small amount of money, we have money for a rainy season. As Americans, we will not get equal share of resources. Resources are not guaranteed, and have not been confirmed. But, stratification teaches us that America's few American Americans hold assets. There is a good proximity that you or I can reach higher, middle-class level. And who knows, what could be there ?! Be positive, work hard - and, at least, you and I will be able to reach at least some of our dreams (if not all). In life, nothing is certain, but we always have to reach something that is there. And, if you do not have a dream or I do not have a dream then we can also be dead. In America, there is always room for great hopes and dreams. As a person, we are part of the pack, but we can always be the leader of the pack. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that church and religion do not give much more than distortion, but I To give dignity and respect the people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But, as far as distortion has been expressed, in this movie, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rank this picture in 1 out of 10 - but, in all honesty and truth, this film is a zero-deserved. This film has no integrity, and I can not recommend it.
