This shit is ... nasty shit. I can not believe that any company can work in such a movie. There are several terrible movies on the moon, but it has been the worst. First off, the plot does not exist. It's awkward. As such, they take an idea for the story, and the type does not get pretty close to developing it. They have just destroyed a lot of time outside the shot, when two "heroes" roam the desert and Bradbury speaks for 10 minutes in astonishing manner. There were two scenes in the movie (when Driving and Dashi is driving and driving while Disco and Bradbury is driving) where it only continues and starts ... It was like two music videos where there should be some dialogue or action. They just happened for about 5 minutes, besides music and the surrounding landscape music and shots. Next, we come to acting, which is just awful. First off, Dazzy playing girl is just an animal. She was so scary, I wanted to look at when I was on the screen! Awesome cast Then, you have people who played Dez, who could not work if he relied on his life. Her "cry" is actually funny, and her crazy antics are even funnier. The person playing the desk clerk at the hotel is just as bad, as Bradbury played. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Impact of makeup ... Hmm, can anyone say what is guilty? The "impact" was so fake, they were ridiculous. The crazy little robot keeps the catapillar from someone, they can be cut off, and when they come back, the man is completely fake to the fake. I'm glad Have they gone out of the makeup budget? I have to tell the druggie chick who has one girl's apartment ... there are very beautiful makeup. I think they are going for a drugged look, and I think she was supposed to have a black guy, but it looked more like a cheap junky makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is just awesome from the beginning. The story is stupid and very, very illogical, the aspect shows that it plays as a 10 year old, acting is the lowest minimum and so on. Avoid all costs from this movie. It is only 70 minutes long in the first place, and it takes at least 20 minutes of music, a dialogue or a character sitting around the hotel. Do not waste your time in this piece of garbage.
