This tragedy was part of my curriculum when reading a movie. So imagine how I was forced to completely see it. Believe me going through hell is a lot easier. Our professor told us that this picture was ???, but he never thought that we would disagree. I do not think there is a god on earth, we are only human, so the filmmakers, so they can make mistakes, bad or very bad movie ... The main problem was that the industry is always sensitive to endless perspectives, but many people do not get it, each one has its own original taste, its opinion, so what do I think it is the greatest film of all time, you can be the greatest of all times and it is both How accurate, but how many can understand this properly? So my professor believes in this movie, and only I do not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure us through the original intention of showing the stories of old people or the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. You mentioned the true true Mr. Pierre Paolo Pasolini as a script writer and the director was helpless to keep an eye on the first place. The movie is so UGLY. I can not bear it, so how to analyze it, discover the potential beauty in it !! It's not your mind, it's out of frustration, and weirdly for film or in the case of something, but it's a pessimistic attitude. His work is so primitive of the limit of extinction. Fatal cinematic tactics, impressive dominant senses, and incredible frightening make everything objectionable. Haughty acting, unsuccessful cinematography, terribly poor set, look at .. O my God, I already have a nervousness. It can frustratingly disrupt your materialism by taking the knowledge of a dark doctor from the dark doctor, seeing the real pain. Awesome nightmares that can be more compassionate than this. So basically, how to continue to review it properly? Actually, you do not. This movie does not treat you fairly. Here are some memorable scenes where some guys have entered the eyes of the camera (!). I'm trying to kill some things such as Pasolini's end.
