A movie with his castle Madeleine Carroll could probably be stale. That said, I must add that this British film comes off. The story is held on the SS Atlantic Board and it is based on the 'Titanic' incomplete journey. The word 'incomplete' is said to be the fishing machine hit by an ice, and we hear the heavenly lyric as 'My God is near to you'. Destructive passengers finally sing the shiny bits of the word. But the year of the release of the film (1929) means that a modern viewer will have to take on primitive words and silent films and many performances of stage performances. This is not the problem. The main error in the film is pissing, and pensing has improved silently. However, if the dialog is delivered at the speed of reality, then the film's running time will be reduced to half. Purpose effect was drama (and transparency in a new medium), but the results are unhappily tedious now. The film's structure is unreasonably irrational and inactive. Wickedly, I received edits of some modern technology in editing: Fine, unexpected cuts in a part of the ship, sometimes even in sound effects Although we were on the 'Atlantic' board from the first shot, even before I discovered the discovery, we were in the movie for more than 4 minutes. There is a long, intransitive musical paragraph by the ship's orchestra. (Recreational, simple words.) Personal stories are presented in a completely uninterrupted and unconvincing way. Do not even think spectacular. Berg is a small thing and a small rope of the ship's outer damage. However, the passenger's eyes jumped into the lifeboats - obviously a stadium was made on a real fishing machine, perhaps connecting to a doc - creating great tension. Except for the glorious Miss Carroll, the only greatness of this sequence is the film. Near the end of the movie and the ship, the screen turns black several times during the failure of the power generator. Their end, the end of the eternal blackout film, associated with tonic symbolism with sunset / sunrise. 'Atlantic' is a movie curiosity. Best. <br /> <br />
