I was a Motion Picture Production Chief at Right State University in Ohio and yesterday I was given the chance to see this god-horrible movie in class. We were informed by our professor that it would be very interesting to us, but because we were seeing it because it was one of the first sound movies - complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The primary word is that Hollywood actors knew only silent films and they were not good at remembering the line. So producers and directors will see the stage to get to the actor. Like a great idea, right? Well, no actor acting on the stage looks very good in movies. Most of the "Atlantic" actors look like words and words they are playing in a game, which makes the other actors laugh a lot of heartfelt. There was another limitation of microphone technology's early sound film. You could not move the mikes like today, you must take them static or take the wind sound moving through it. In this movie, a given view would normally be used. In a special scene, a man sitting on a table sitting there. Someone walks on his right and distributes their line, then walks. Another actor comes from behind her, distributing their lines, then to walk. It goes like this for a couple more people. The microphone is clearly made on the table, made for a funny actor Carousel. <br /> <br /> This is only technical issue. If you get the story and direction, then it gets worse. The story is a fictional account of Titanic events. Characters are incredible and unmatched. There is no place in a "story" film about cheating his wife and her teenage daughter. It's just been resolved and you wonder why it was in the first place. High drama is a lousy effort, actors take long time, pregnancy breaks into lines many times. It's tiring, and you can not wait for this 90 minutes (at least 180 looks like) to finish the movie. I am not going to talk about the problem of racism in our country at this time, but it really irritates me that there were only two blacks in the whole film, and they were portrayed as animals. They both pushed women and children to try one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they did not shoot. I was scared <br /> <br /> I gave this movie 2/10. I could give it 1/10 (lowest rating possible), but I gave it an extra point because it was one of the first sound movies, and I tried to keep it in context. If you want to see a good primary sound film, see Alfred Hittak's "Blackmail" which came out in 1929. You will find that the best director is able to adapt to new technology immediately.
