I have seen the work of most Ruii Kitamura and I have come to the conclusion that there is a skill for his work. The scenes are dynamic and quickly combine elements of martial arts, gunfire and camaraderic combat with cameras, which effectively capture screen killing. "Versus" and "Aragamai" kitamura have shown that creativity and shows that he is more able to work with less budget than So what "living" happened? To be ugly, the answer will be - nothing. Nothing happened to "Alive", it was a two-hour-long movie, and there was little to no action and a character and plot. <br /> <br /> Alivai "Alive" from Tutu Taheshi's comic book, convicted of a trial, Tesu Yasiro (played by Sasaki), who executed his execution, after which he repeated the death penalty or an incentive for an inclination test. The alternative is given. He likes the next and even after a rapist as well as a room and later The strange parasite gives a girl infected girl with the supernatural powers in exchange for the humanity of her host. Some natural parasites that come into Yashiro, bad things will not happen soon. <br /> <br /> Like "surrogate", the establishment of "living" basic exposition Set the first half, the character is turned on, their motivation is set, and their relationship between each other is exposed. The whole thing is even set to one The relatively first problem is that "Aragamai" was only a 70-minute movie, "Alive" dragged for more than two hours and thus made the first hour an hour long, to be reasonable that length has made characters a bit more attractive. But alas that is not the case. Dialogs are dry, monotonous, distributed without any sense of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. "Alive" had some small attempts to create a somewhat moral conflict, but ultimately it came to all the classic: the dangerous public servants, the highly motivated hero, whom you assumed, eventually saved the girl. I said before that the whole movie was actually performed in one set and it became annoying after two hours, even the set design itself was not even more interesting than the start and did not do much to improve in other aspects. The picture is <br /> <br /> <br /> Now, after the end of the first part, someone may think that kitamura at least at least some recreational steps will be visible at the beginning of the annoying start. Sad is that the case is not. The two only fights are similar to fights from Hollywood movies, bullet-time effects and psychic forces. They are not just funny or funny, the creativity of Kitamura has gone from "Versas", the small set often limits the very impressive camera-work, and it's all generic and anticipated fights, really shy. <br /> <br /> was apparently good at all the "chatting" accounts and learned something from "living" "Kitamura". So at least this movie was not a total loss of sight. Just understand the flaws, how to fix it, and make better entertainment movies.
