Movie: IMDB has some very interesting comments about this movie. It's really terrible. Not enough money is spent in the film, and Spike Lee has made it, it seems to be a combination of an indie film and an action flick. Characters / Actors: Denzel did "Exactly" what he did in each movie, so no surprise there. Here's a little mind game for readers. Think of a quick 10-digit movie. Now count how many of them were there, where he was a police / detective / group protector. Clive Owe, hmmm, this guy needs a good introduction on his plate soon. Its best performance is to think "beyond the borders". Other than that he has done similar work in every movie even more. His voice and speech are similar to what he did in "Sina City". Of course this guy knows acting, the best way to choose the role he does not know. She is a great agent's great need. JD Foster was brilliant in the movie, if you see him for the first time in his life. She did a good job. She had a good role. It has happened in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall in their knees and play the lower role of Jodie Foster in this movie. Plot: The plot was not confusing, actually I could have thought of such a plot, actually the whole movie, when a big Chinese dinner dump was taken after taking it. I mean, **** run on the road ----> I'm sick of essential Holocaust and racism tokens. Why is the movie about bank robbers, why there are hawksters and racism, who are trying to play with the people's emotions, what did anyone do? I do not Bank robbers think they were hostage? Riiiiiiight, please, we're talking about US police and security here. No one found where Clive was, I wanted to say that they could not find something different in that room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Of course, watch this movie, if nothing happens, you have a great time when talking to your friends. At least people will not think that you are not stupid to watch this movie because they think you went to see it because it's a big star cast "Mittak".
