I think Stephen King's "bachman" pen name was the way to find any serious, raw, more meaningful, impressive stuff for writing his brand name 'malicious'. If you look back at "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), then notice that they have feelings of irrationality and frustration about their separation from the mainstream king. I understand that we are talking about the guy whose first novel killed a disgraceful, bloody, mentally unhealthy teenage girl at her high school ... but the mainstream king has always kept elements of characters and intrigues that frustrates the proceedings a bit, and mostly The last is that at the end there is hope that the feelings and feelings of the people have a glimpse of the end. The books of Bachman are simply simple and always end up badly. (BTW, "Pet Semitic" can easily be a Baichman book, if the king does not publish aliens by him, and "The Dark Half" feels partly on his "children" personality.) <br /> <br /> "Thinner "The last bachman book and the man, the subject of revenge, vengeance and hungry death of class war, it was bad. It should not be any surprise that the movie follows. <br /> <br /> One wonders is that instead of the ability to get rid of a theater, the adaptation at the "TV movie of week" stage of the genre appears to be portrayed. (These days, something like this would probably go straight to the DVD or cable). The makeup work and the attractive motif (a lot of death, hungry, very, a metaphor for the unhealthy American American middle class, if there ever was) will all show you this muffer. <br /> <br /> What's wrong? My first thought was that the director was going for Nasty Boychman Vibby, but he crushed all the film's interest in any way including poor casting choices - here the actor (except for Joe Monegagan's exception) can not afford to take the film alone. And then he was pleased with the strange pensing and visual framework of the rest of the film's warmth and life. Plus he left the plot alone, and his change really did not help. Scripts and dialogs will work, but most movies are just false. Everything is silent, lazy, wild, and no fun to see ... with clear exception of the main character's vision .... thin, thin, and thin. <br /> <br /> As others say, "Thinner" has not produced the worst movie in any way (or even worse, the other). And it has an awesome, compelling charm because of the theme and cautionary work. But first-time visitors should approach this one with expected expectations.
