I do not know which one of the worst movies to start was very annoying. Anyone traveling to London for a day that was not in London was very clear and very clear from that setting ... Snip's character, in many uncertain ways that the character is returned to the United States without any problem. Then he convinced the girl and grandmother to meet him in America, how the world agreed with him ... he is a killer! Well, how did this film end, unfortunately it did not rent much better. British police is driving us a wonderful car, I'm sure it was eight hundred Vauxhall Belmont, which followed the taxi after the appointment, but in a few scenes, a modern Subaru importer came along with prison vans. SO19 or anyone trying to portray a gun piece, they always scream with Snip's CIA and shout with their guns and walk around the street. Children roam around, but police still say that they had a clean shot to shoot them, did it happen in London? No it's not, I live there. From central London to the airport (we call the Heathrow for the request of the argument) in 5 minutes of receiving a call, it is very impossible to travel. We also have terrible American accents, a young woman who is more patient than the queen but lives in elephants and in the cassette. Helicopter and snip positions are not able to find snippets, and he managed to hide behind some stairs and avoid capture when British police say? The train station was probably not even in the soil of the UK and the effect of the battle scenes was terrible. This plot was very poor, annoying and written and was featured many times before. But there were some prominent actors in this movie, what they thought and please do not pressure you to watch this movie! If you were going to focus in dramatic aspects after an assignment, but you need strong rigid plots with strong scenery and setting, viewers take time and praise and if you mistake it then you notice it. If you want an out-of-action action film (which is not), then you can keep consistency and scenes beside.
