When feather egg (Phillis Dietikson) answers a rolling door at the door of his house, then realizes that Barbara Stanwac is not an attraction for an actress like Eger. And it is not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder Stanwick was not present in a towel only, but he entered the balcony on the second floor of the house. And she "does not come out"; He appears almost as magic. Walter Knife looked at him from the bottom on the first floor. There is a reason for this. When Stenwieks were introduced first, they were much more than Nef (Fred McMurray). It's not just a towel. Towel seductive seduction added. His organs are like the Greek goddess, and, oddly, you think that from the beginning, he really controls the whole situation. He has power, even magic, power. This person is no ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with a secret mystery. <br /> <br /> 1973. Crying in front of the remix cries. Stanwick's stand-in, Igar, the door north with a towel around it. There is no "look". He only opened the door. The alluring superiority that attracted the audience in the first form of the Stanwick in 1944 was not entirely absent in 1973. He opened the door with a towel around him. It may be kind of a Charlie's Angels way sort, but it's not nearly mysterious. Remake filmmakers seem to misunderstand Winder's point. The script might have said that "Fellies appear in towels", so the movie makers of Remix include following the instructions and include the necessary toilets. The point is not towel. The point is the enigmatic quality of Phyllis, and he wields the potential potential capacity. Wilder gave him a towel to add to his mystery. Remake filmmakers gave him a towel because what Wilder did. And in the choice of the shot, Phyllis' mysteries lost all. <br /> <br /> Richard Cranha also thinks miscast. She thinks she is "acting" and really not hesitated. Grenade problem is like the 70 percent actress grenade! He could not get in the 1940s. When Macmoor speaks with the first microphone, sweat starts from his sweat. No sweat on Crenna. And they make a change to important lines at the beginning. Basically, Nef said, "I did not get the money, and I did not get the woman." In the 1973 edition, Krena said, "I did not get the money, and I did not want a woman." Movie makers misunderstood the whole point of the story? Or do they lower it down for the "television" audience? <br /> <br /> The movie created for this creation is a numerical representation. All sharp edges of the original are lost. Stand out alone, perhaps, Lee J. Famous Role by Kobe Edward G. Robinson But he can not reduce the intensity of the root. This 1973 boring remix is ​​a mistake in the TV-movie that people of "Gilgun Island" created. They might try to repeat "why citizen" or "gone by the wind". If the mediation is the best, then what is the point? 1944 classic is a film with a capital "F". To make this TV remake a "F" grade eligibility, or perhaps a "D" fool
