No, I'm just going to go with it here. I refuse to go along with the program. Do not you think this movie is only rated over a tad? See the reader comments and their star rating: maximum 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an example, when ratings can say more about rendering than film, which is unique Many other sex fantasy catalogs about animated animated done with horse couplings have become mainstream hits as DVD titles? I have seen this film with a broad sense of desire, firearms are hoping, and instead someone is popping a small shopping bag. It looked great, but after surviving the thriller a lot did not do much to save it. <br /> <br /> The background image of the film says: The directors have 25 minutes of borderline, fake fake fake films for other movies, the footage is not appropriate, to set it aside, can wait for two or three years, but it is critical for its creation. Can wait, then create a complete feature around 25 minutes, otherwise the related 70 minutes is otherwise related, uncommon Insert a bumpy footage and a dream sequence of 25 minutes into the volume. The 25-minute film question is suddenly strange, original and suddenly a deliberate, not counting in the calculation method. But we are not here to evaluate here for 25 minutes, we must consider the whole movie, and ask ourselves why is people so passionate about movies? Or were they simply influenced by the history of their background and being banned by history, who were stupid to be offended by him? Perhaps it is an anti-clerical agenda that appeals to them. Hatred of Catholicism and Western religions of Christianity is one of the few socially acceptable helplines. It has been published today that the BBC has regularly circulated their broadcasts with Christian and anti-Western sentiments to increase political purity. You can tell about the Bible, the footprints, the institutional cruelty of the church, and how many white men and their inhuman religions can suck the torn skin of the golf ball ... But talk about a negative thing about non-Western religion, and you are toast. This film was made for such a feeling, in which a dried old dry cleric, with unfavorable touch, fawning, fondling, fumbling, groping, and backing backing patches of the 14-year-old French son of the completely unreasonable screening. E. <br /> <br /> And then there are couples' couplings, this imitated closeup details are photographed in detail that parts of the film can be used for visual aid for the animal farming class. Yes I understand the theatrical relevance of the imagery - with the property of large animal flasher breeding fluids just waiting to disappear like fire extinguishers - but if I want to see horses, know it, I want to go live a farm. Almost as amusing as watching their population use a bathroom in my mouth. <br /> <br /> This movie is just an artist wrapping for social deviants? Most likely, although I would give most of its artistic execution, even though the euro analysis of a type of bow was mentioned that there is a Dapold Forest Pond on the right of a monet painting, it is completed with a wide open arched bridge. And the last (which I even managed to be surprised by) distasteful package if it's all sorted up in a yarn sort. But you have to remember that there are some things that can not be compiled for their design elements and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work, which can lend any gravitas that would not have been achieved without it. It's not fair, even Clint Eastwood has been a victim of the revival of his new film about YO Zima. Whether the film is a good stand or not, on the basis of different considerations from whether the war to be fought by hero heroes is a great cause. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the movie, and due to Oscar's message, it can not be an Oscar - because it is not a special movie or original. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem like an odd parallel, I see one with Best: how to see the two horses, how can one not see the basic beauty of nature? And the explosive set of film does not see the reason for the logical consequence of repressed fairy tales in pieces, where beauty and seeds eventually work ugly? However, I missed both points and I was happy to see this movie so that I can trash it: 25 minutes or more of the adult adult fairy tale surrounding the capacitance of 25 minutes or more than 70 minutes in the form of boring artsy -fartsy euro trash dreck Some people get a haircut, and a great end. It sure is sure, but it becomes difficult. <br /> <br /> 3/10
