Sadly, we were going to see the film of Burned Film in Universal Studios last week, so we were stuck with the video. It may also be figurative for this second-rate King Kong film from Tuho Studio's Stalwart director Ishiro Honda. Basically it's a warm up for "Godzilla vs King Kong". It also uses the concept of mocha-kong like Mucha-Godzilla. Of course, the film confronts King Kong on the expo tower of Tokyo, but if you do not already know it, you are in the age of this age which was intended for the film. <br /> <br /> We have never heard of this leadership led by a man named Rhodes ... I have seen most scattered American TV credits on the list, so it is interesting that they have removed him to Japan so that they are a May be the nominal American hero. The movie's most famous Japanese commander, Akida Taqada, who is also recognized by Hiroshi Inagaki's "Chishingurra" (47 Ranin) Iconic version and Honda's original Godzilla films. I'm sorry, Rhodes, whatever you do, however, this person's screen is more intense and you'll be pleased that everyone wants to finish him with a lovely little blonde, who plays Linda Miller. We found a way to laugh at Miller and Tabaradas laughing, because they like favorites. Certainly all the leading ladies of the cone are with her own primary relation king himself. He has invented a great strategy: if you really talk to a giant aap ... really ... slowly ... he'll understand what he's saying. And if you're a blonde girl, that means you tell her she will do it. Dr. Hu (EC Amamoto) and Madame Parana (Mi Hama) - do not represent this national race that will not be "named" - which plans to use it as a thorn in the kink to dig up a deposit. The answer is trapped in the pole <br /> <br /> Yes, it is the plot of the whole film - apparently only a giant ap can be used to super which may be able to dig these minerals. Strong arms Dr. McQueg created it to be made but the circuitry goes on the road, so they decide to move to Kawk. Kong feels mad about MacCong, it's a storytelling that can make the film even more interesting, but it has not been followed. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the beautiful blonde shouted "Kang" or "King Kong" with her intense voice so many times that when two heroes tell her to go to the end, they will tell us all. Originally, this film creates a heroic and friendly image of Kang, which is very quick like a new version of the story. Kong is just one man in a case in this movie, and they mostly show up at that point where it is impossible to take the fascinating face seriously. This is a nice looking movie, I'm sure it fills the needs or wishes of fans of such things, which in many ways is more than a wrestling movie than a giant movie. Monsters are never afraid of these films, they just jump around and push each other. This is not an unimportant film, but it's highly anticipated and formulable for anyone under 10, so it's probably just as comedy as entertaining.
