Relay is an interesting left turn for 13 innings. TWO HARBORS is a B & W 75 minute film from Minnesota that coordinates non-actors and finds a connection with nearly two people finding alien life. When I select this movie, I appreciate the courage of the rel 13 programmers of Out of the Box. I just wish they would be bold to pick a strong film. Actually, I'm thinking that the choice is more favorable than the film's genuine quality, (two rates are not without the full fitness, but I'll go a little later). <br /> <br />, with limited independent of independent movies, in terms of two herhar positions. There are only two real positions ?? A big junk dealership market and a very small trailer, which is the middle-aged main character in Alex Corps, Vick House Writer / director James Vekulak uses the market setting for exposition about the Week, who is a seller there. Does he give only two pieces of information that starts walking up a variety of people and starting very long conversations ?? Vic sells space toys (he likes to call them "outer space action figures") and he is a Costal Asshole. This is a symbol of two key problems with two halves - all chats. I said it before and I'll say it again ?? We are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers will have to work hard to tell their story apparently. There are exceptions, of course, but usually, the endless pattern film is not so cute ?? Especially if the dialogue is used as exposition. Most of the film's conversations are quite long and unnecessary. A notable example may be some scenes that try to shut itself off like a Boy Scout leader to get a discount for the Victory store. He argued with Clarke behind behind and this scene is not even an iota in the plot. This is one thing that takes a 75-minute film for a long time. <br /> <br /> <br /> I can be a bit of a potter while acting in movies, but I feel really good because you do not have good actors in your films I'm not. There are plenty of actors, many of whom are willing to work on low budget projects ?? Even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers bear the importance of acting as secondary to their visual, but that naïve. In storytelling, nothing more important than acting / performance in front of the story. <br /> <br /> Basically, I thought that actors were using non-actors, but if the film was going on, I decided that they were probably the theater type type actors. It was not uncomfortable in the camera. It was too much dramatic (as big) as they were. Imagine, the actor had two Lead best ?? Loin and Catherine E. Johnson is a casual young girl named Casey, who has been caught in Vick's extra parasitic prey. They seem to have the most training, but they were still a little rough around the edge. They may appear only in the surface of warmth - not coming from a real, organic place. Mr. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Is he definitely a presence ?? About him is a Mid Western belt, but that charisma is considered to have its character belies in abundance. He struggled to illustrate the uninterrupted life and the statues of slaves who were refraining from working life, depending on stock gestures, lip curse and stamming, to offer his discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned the first paragraph that the two ratesbars are not completely without merit and what I mean here is not here. Without a long distance, the image contains white color fading for one hour. After that, does the story take a stunning turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be stupid and unconditional? It's like a sucker punch in the gut, but a good way to do it. It's almost a huge relief for some to feel after so long with these characters. There is no dialogue in the last five minutes of the film and what is the best part of the film? Fine, detailed (coil film works best) and most importantly, cinematic. Then, come off all the most sturdy revelations ?? That's it based on a true story, which got me thinking. With all the conversations, with the lowest position and the lack of film lack, it happened to me that with two kick ass actors and a rigorous rewrite, can two Hobbs play a real kick-ass stage? Even one law one. If a brave theater producer reads this, I can definitely get hold of the movie and contact the filmmaker, rel 13 or anyone. <br /> <br /> Is there something in this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information on 13 or more of these relays, see their website at www.reel13.org)
