"The Running Jumping and Standing Steel Film" is not such a movie, but it's a short series of clips with a playful snapstick theme. This 'film' was recognized by Richard Lester and gave him the way to manage the first Beatles film: 'A Hard Day's Night'. <br /> <br /> Richard Lester composed the music for his first film in 1925 and wrote. This movie was titled The Running, Jumping, and Standing Steel Film. It was only seen by helpers in their production. The purpose of the film was to invest only a small amount of money and time to see, by Lester and his partners. The only purpose of this movie is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is that it is a trial test for the camera to work. 70 pounds have been spent for this movie, and it is sold in a field tonight film stock on Sepia - Sunday afternoon. All shots pictured were included in the last generation; The last product is 11 minutes in length. <br /> <br /> Running, jumping, and still standing is still a short comedy for the English Sunday comedy and the small elephant to pass the team. This photo takes place in a case of all the events. Among these playful events, some people have a screening of a lawn, a person has a record of running around a tree stain, a photographer development film in a pond, helped paintings by the number of faces of an artist's model. Conflicts between a tent builder, an athlete running in the tent and a man with a knife and a gunman. People just do not have fun while spending time, but rather than American culture it makes fun of English culture. One of the few events in this movie is a male and an owl made from the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men entered the stomach and the other men tried to fly and broke the stomach. According to Neil Sinnard, author of Richard Lester's films, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom less than power and technology compared to the United States during spacecraft. According to this view, the British flew primitive kites, but after World War II, America, the world-energy high-rise rocket and space shuttle flew.
