There is nothing cool, lip or shiny about this movie - it expresses ignorance of the true art film of choice. How can you easily forget that the central truth about this whole movie is that this average and ugly people . . Serial Killers! If they want to be "a family again", their strangers should be disappointed, we do not want them to be "family". What problems have you been grasping that part of? Why this messy congratulations? <br /> <br /> If you can not art, then you can do this idol idol! To make this shallow wickedness wrong as "funny" one's head and life will be deeply empty. It's a camera without a brain. An artwork cools what really makes sense to know the status quote from a perspective by knowing the history (or, in this case, a knowledge would be a priority!). Instead, it is only randomly spreading the world's most enjoyable images in the town of Maldon, thanks to simply meaninglessness, "cool because it is so far, man!" As glorified). These same violent incidents are actually, every day. They are not just "movies". They refer to the true soul-people who will do the same thing to you. What do you want to do that? A child can think of this, it needs zero imagination, it is not surrealism. This lazy shit has no content, nothing is saying - this is the worst news in the evening, and it's nothing new, nothing we already know. This is "Emperor's new clothes", the director is proud of the lack of inhumanity, the lack of uneducated children, the lack of inhumanity to fly this throat. I now see the psychological fans of the director Mimic: clad-smokers, covered in tattoos of thirteen-to-twentieth century, metal fitting from the torn holes in their mouth, proportionally contrary to their intelligence-based intelligence. <br /> <br> There is no plot in it - this is merely the mere absorption of shock-price violence. This weakly-made film has "hidden meaning" in any place. It is good to explore the film that you can find cinematic devices for impressive artistic devices but you can not reveal the hidden meaning if no one is there! To do that you will see a real piece of movie and review it. Philini, Bergman, Fasbinder, Herzeg, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Lincolter, Eisenstein, Aaronofsky, Guse van Saint, Soderberg, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why do not you see a real art film that likes this giant? This Wannabe director, Miike, does not just have talent because I just do not have to make a film equal to one of the listed geniuses! Someone might slap together some chaotic shit like "question analyst". Thirosho can throw together in one afternoon! There is no message, no money, no plot, nothing is there. Learning from a long list of ART movies - but these "visitor questions" are not industry artists in any celebration. It has no content. It's just a terrible horror in the other side, and remember those horrible crimes that happen to Happen, every single day, anywhere in the world. They're okay because they're just "in the movies". They refer to the true soul-people who will do the same thing to you. What do you want to do that? Others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to those who think about such horrific events. <br /> <br /> There are so many art films in your mind that you use Deconstruct, but you are spoiling your competition with this piece. There is no deep meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why are you going to try? I've been watching every movie I actually made for 40 years and kept all the new ones, but I have never seen something like this. It's not crazy or even frustrating, because such incidents happen every day around the world. To make this movie or to even review it, it does not seem to be "great" to anyone in more than 50 young people. They may think that expressing beliefs to others, some of which can end these tasks - how guilty killers often derive from the horrors of this haphazard inhumanity and how they begin. Trust me about this - I know cool, and the whip is not this piece. The visitor question is FEEL of a genuine SNUFF movie, and I'm not sure it is actually not. <br /> <br /> Your actions are the result, boy. The earth is already awful enough Some of these violence may happen to you, or socially irresponsible journalists who have cracked the Folk Art art. Believe me, you are not thinking "cool" when someone sees you halfway on your shoulders!
