(Big spinner) I saw another takhasi micha film, and it was a very annoying and cruel 'audition', which was a test of Japanese ideals of feminists! 'Visitor A' - I think 'Visitor Question' means - He is very annoyingly, check out the family unit. Miike's spiritual aspect of the confusing family tries to be almost lynching in the confusion and filmmaking, but eventually the lack of style and conspiracies. We were acquainted with the visible seamless layout with the audience, from the opening scene, the father's portrait (Kenichi Endo-actually was good) for having sex with his arranged daughter (Fujiko). Then, when the father returns home, he manages most of the size rock by "inspector" (Kazushi Watnabe), and for some reason, they both return to the family home. Mother (Axiom Uchida) beats her son (June Mutto) and rapes her, beaten and raped by her school colleagues. When the visitor enters the house, he establishes himself somewhat annoyingly as part of the unit. Finally, the family began to improve their relationship, with the help of a visitor, breast feeding, killing and maintaining the feeling of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that make the family close together in any way. It has uncomfortable humor, but equally frustrating silly, and over-the-top in its curiosity. A necropolis scene that is absolutely boring, but the scene is suddenly becoming laughable as the scene progresses. Partially due to the situation, and partly you can not believe the filmmakers and the actors are doing it really! The film style is poor at least to say, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. Characters are everywhere, and I realize that it is not understood to be realistic, but there is little interest in these contradictory characters and situations, because all of them are stupid! The camera-work is soft, and cinematic does not seem to be applicable to Lynch's work. It is difficult to interpret this film with the importance of a supernatural level or to test the family unit of Japan. Looks like a mirror is shocked, and the movie feels self-conscious that "trying" is frustrating, and it will become very seriously acceptable. After all, I would say that this film is an odd dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateur, and wants to be unnecessarily frustrated. Mike's previous film, audition, disgusting horror, character development and tactics were fine-tuning in - which established the movie more instantly on the way to the film to be involved in the plot. The 'Visitor Question' has come down one step because it is very strange and deliberately trying hard to face, the process does not really have much to say! <br /> <br /> ** *****!
