Among the funny ladies at "Saturday Night Live" is Emmy Poehler and Rachel Dratch. It is unfortunate that they were with Tina Fai and Maya Rudolph in the SNL inexpensive writing and sketching (around 2002-2006) shows. Yet, these two women know especially funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice the credits of this movie that director and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story "Spring Breakdown", but wrote the actual playplay, dialogue and all the important blank elements that make stories in a multi-dimensional movie? Yeah, just rocky. Only a person wrote the dialogue of this movie, and no woman clearly wrote the script with him. The result is a superb cliché spring break movie that does not make much of the wrong holiday so much as it uses MTV every year. <br /> <br /> If Drake, Pohler and even co-star Parker could contribute their handwriting to Possessi script, it would have been very rare. The origin of the prize, almost three thirty-something women who were informal in high school (and apparently college), they never dreamed of the fantastic spring break trip. I say "accused" because you never know what fun in these characters. They entered the genre in the past, where they sang female songs in brutal love like "true colors" and used to spend their night together to make their own pizza. Although none of them are particularly illusory, the outside world behaves like them. In a scene where a blind student from Pahlaar (played by Pheller's real life husband Will Arenette), asked him immediately to touch her date and change her mind. If Poehler's character is considered unattractive, then they probably rent the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> In the movie, although we are skeptical about the main character, the promise of Posey's boss, Texas Senator Kay Bee Hartman (Jane Lin, always funny) is her helpless college-girl girl (Amber Tamblene, another Appointed Podzi to see the woman who is engaging in real life, but not in any characters of this movie. Spring Break goes like a Laguna Beach holiday for the break. Come along with Poehler and the draw, they get unwantedly boozed, they should definitely look like when they are in college, and then come to the final showdown with the Sister Bit headed by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman whose body and woman both will be killed for various reasons. Unfortunately, her movie career started with a hugely obscene "Data Movie" (2006) and "Cliches" (2006) with disappointment. Here, he played on a Southern Sandy, although his voice sounds like he had stolen Delta Bark's voice box. He made a little more hammes, trying hard to play a lot like a lot of trouble, which makes it worse, like bad kids, like kids. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released straight DVD despite Emmy Poehler's star power, but correctly because the story is very cliché way. It may also be known as "Spring Breakdown of National Lampoon" and the magazine has probably not sued for trademark infringement due to free publicity. If Director Shiraki used to give creative input to at least one woman, especially Rachel Drachch, this film was not great and we saw almost the same as a runner of the match as a frat-house comedy. I know the draw will come with another interesting idea, and hopefully the rest of the playplay can fill itself. She is quite funny, and she is better than this half-baked comedy who will take Stefler's brother with open arms.
