Six for one price! So it's a bonanza time for cinegoers. is not it? Here it is not, not all, all the six-love stories, a fraud of Bollywood's top stars and all the stories of your beloved favorite director Johor, Vansali, Chopra Atle. You will find many enjoyable love stories that you enjoyed or have tolerated for years now. So no big deal for you. Do you need anything more than this? No, thank you, sir. Why sir Enough enough Please give us up. They sign every top star to manage the sign, whether they are needed or not, so they do not believe in completing the circus of stars or not. Here's how it describes how many rumors it has been described in romance's Bollywood textbook. Plus you have to justify the length of each story given, there is every star. Therefore, it is very long three hours plus. Gaga is filmy. Characters are filmy. Problem, obstacle, situation, resolution ?? Yes you guess it's right, again ?? Filmy-tried and tested. Hundreds of dance dancers dressed in colorful colorful backgrounds. Why do they have any other work? All couples sweet sweet, fairy tale type, picture perfect. Looking good at all Each story should start in a perfect way and therefore that should be impossible in the perfect way to end? Very dangerous. You can not connect to a single story. Here's everything that you have already seen in a million times. Bloody mesh, unreal, escapist unusual stories considered as normal for hundreds of years since the evolution of this Indian movie. Today's audience's sensitivity is humor? Yes, it could work as a parody, if he only reverehees in love story, then that thing is not even explored. At least, director Nikhil Advani should have tried an incomplete, humiliating love story, but what would be the tradition of living with the symbol of commercial boldwood potbole brigade? Oh! Someone should carry, no. Imagine, on one hand the audience has difficulty sitting in such a loving story and here we have 6 times pain. I mean six damn stories I doubled the fun of Chappar Mohabbatin (year 2000) in this age and time, some are real. Now we are not unhappy to see some silent people and not so bright stories, oh, what you say right now - come, it's entertainment. My suggestion, please do not waste your time from reading this type of review. Instead of going, there are more such entertainment! Thank you.
