Another big star cast, another glamor set, another celebrated director, the top of the chart charts is another glimpse of the song, but what's missing at the end of the day is a story that every moviemaker hopes from a picture of this big budget motion picture. It was so popular to hide around the movie before its 'Red Carpet Premiere'. One of the best love stories made after Delhi Dulhania Le Jayenge is that the idea of ​​Anil Kapoor is such a campaign. Well Anilji, what are you talking about? The plot of the film is about six different couples and 12 different individuals who have different perspectives in life, but despite their different views of life, they all have a common problem, which is love. Well really a luring theme. But we hope that this movie will be so annoying that viewers will reduce the last expectation from viewers of many such films. I hate this kind of movies because after spending a lot of money for multiplex tickets, I wait for the climax for four hours in the theater and wait. <br /> <br /> The problem starts from the beginning. The director has become so confused with the plot that he is somewhat nonsensical for sharing time slots in six different stars. Some couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (any female opposite her) not only give a sense of their existence in films. Salman (who calls himself Rahuul for the whole film, some like Rahuwal), and naturally tries to be extra cool with his Vaisnav type Hindi accent. Hey Salu Bhai, Now Scales Who Are Married, At least, take a few tips from Abhishek to improve your acting ability. A simple striptease movie will not hit every box office every time. And Analyzes Shave your trade mark beard off or you can look completely happy. And smooching a girl of your girls looks just as uncool as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please be free to avoid such lazy scenes in a movie that is not completely necessary for the shot. <br /> <br /> Another big flaw in the movie is that there were no synchronization between the couple's stories. Each story itself seems to have been taken from different flickers, the Salam-e-Ishq's evil plot has been formed. Bollywood still needs to learn a lot from movies such as Snatch, Memento, where the director knows about the perfect series of threescore incomplete series for creating a perfect mix of story. Anywhere I am evaluating the pre-release movie review has predicted that the film will not be good because the title of this film adds up to 28 and is considered a bad number in the 28 numerical numbers. But I fully assure myself that the film will fail to give up its numerical errors, but due to the inconsistency in the film that has deteriorated. And when director like Nikhil Advani could make such a big mistake in the whole story of the movie, then no wonder the movie could not live up to the box office bombing. <br /> <br /> Please advise all of you, to avoid watching this movie any cost. The price you pay for the ticket is not worth it. Actually there are good movies on the theater screens which are more valuable than Salam-e-Ishq.
