Nikhil Advani's Salam-e-Ishq problem is a lot. The idea of ​​a line that looks good on paper (which works in the previous English film - love actually works) Thanks a lot for the incomplete and shallow writing. A well-established idea gets crushed smithereens under the weight of its own poor aspirations. The first film is so much appreciated that the first director in his first film (Kal Ho Na Ho), the devices that worked, try to count how many times the director has used the screen of the split screen in this movie. The problem is - Kal has not worked nicely because the emotional extraordinaryness of Johar's filmmaking, but here, 'emotions' do not satisfy the look of our screen - not even the cursor. Writer / director has given us six relations, including 'a common problem - love', but where is the depth, where depth, where 'emotion'? A 'tribute tribute' sans emotion? And that one and on and over ...... Nah, it could not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, this basic requirement is not to work for a portmanteau film, not every individual story should be 'complete', it must - in any way or in the other's graphs should follow. Traditional Three Laws (Screen Writing Gurus, Paradigms of Sid Field). This is the truth because Salam e Ishak did not work for me. In the mainstream Hindi film, there was no depth of any story or emotional ups and downs in the roller-coaster street. Also, the connection between some stories seems to be weak and very compulsive. What is Salman Khan doing in the marriage of Ayesha Takia is not clear. If the wedding scene is to appear for a proper wrap-up, why not accept some more restraint and bring other two couples to marriage? <br /> <br /> <br /> But yes, there are many promises of some stories. For one, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhi Chawla is a very real situation - trying to cope with the crisis of medieval life, but its journey is so linear that you are really surprised if you are a problem. Likewise, Akshay Khanna-Aysha Takia's story of commitment in the story is also true for the life. If it is developed a little improved. I felt that the more committed stories of this mosquito were told from the point of view of the man, which is fine, but it puts down the emotional share of these stories because the female characters - Juhi Chawla and especially the eyeshadow - all have a semi-filled bath bath depth. This film was not supposed to be about '12 different life'? Now the actor. John Abraham will still learn acting, while Vidya Balan is as dependent and eternal. Anil Kapoor gets a role in writing for her but sometimes overplay the irony of her character. Since the fleshy character was not available to portray him, Juhi Chawla used it to use her charming smile and natural acting style. Akshay Khanna is a fine in some scenes, despite a top-the-top penalty. There is nothing to do with Aysha, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who was amazed by Doher's brutal performance. Govinda Bhagm Bhag tried to create for that huge mistake, and succeeded in a large extent. <br /> <br /> This brought me the most annoying track of the film (which unexpectedly ends the hogging during the maximum screen) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra! The tracks are mainly irritating because of them. But I have to credit them for their adjusting. They are continuously BAD through the film. Priyanka may be the next Queen of Hamming - I did not buy her role (a 'item girl') that did not need to do the final job to buy shit. The difference should be called by the character being shining because the character claims it and low hamming. If you saw Rakhi Sawant (who thinks the motivation behind this role) in his interview and you know what Bigg Boss will understand. I strongly feel that instead of the big star like Priyanka, Rakhi Savant would have taken Rakhi Sawant in this role, but the story did a better job. Salman Khan's voice is ... Well, Shannon is less pronounced than Acher's Hindi salman. <br /> <br /> To direct the director, he managed to add some good director additions to the film. I particularly like the use of gray color in Anil Kapoor-Juhi Chaula story, which is a metaphor for their boring existence, and a bright color that comes in the story with the arrival of another woman. But would anyone choose to paint their house in gray color depression? That's the acceptable cinematic license I would say. But when the film lasts for about 4 hours, it often seems that director Ashan is increasingly trying to give a glimpse of increasingly inconsistent Montage viewers 'touch'. <br /> <br /> Perhaps everything will be possible for the human beings to sit at our theater as long as possible without human being - neither can we do, Kal Ho Na Ho.
