The idea of ​​TV's horror movie is ridiculous for this creation, but hey, it was in the late 1970's, and literally all stupid horror formats were profitable, so why can not the concept of a dog possessed by the devil? The plot of "Devil Dogs" is easy to describe to haunting fans: Just think of "The Omen" and replace the baby boy with the German Shepard dog house! Seriously, I'm not kidding, what is this movie! According to the opening sequence, people of some types of devil people only buy a dog dog to be attacked by Satan. You think that the Lord of the darkness, on the other hand, thinks of things other than taking an evil puppy in the world, to commit adultery with other German Shepherds. Okay, in "The Owen", like a little Damien, a model of the dog is adopted by the model family and it can become a beautiful and peculiar animal. But lucky ?? That dog's name ?? Predictable bad and derivative and tamely executional ways in the way destructive neighbors and dirty school teacher liquidates. He imposes his harmful character on the wife and children of the family, but he can not force the father (Richard Krenna) to stop his hand in the lawnmay because he is "selected". Crona finally travels to Ecuador to explore a wall-wall painting and offers advice from an old Witchdater who speaks perfectly English when the whole thing becomes very sound. I guess he lived his entire life isolation on a mountain. Director Curtis Herrington ("What matters to Helen", "Ruby") and the lead actor Richard Krenna ("The Right of Dark", "The Evil") are trying to create a mysterious and mysterious environment, but all is in vain. The intelligent puppy eyes apparently show the scene of a visible fire in addition to firing chocolates in addition to setting fire to bullets of Spanish maides or dogs, and even stupid musical tunes do not give it a chance. The "special" effect is unfortunate, especially in the end when Satan-dog is completely transformed into a Chess shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a true mobile phone, but it is certainly fun to watch late with some friends and load loads. Queen and R.G. of Martin Basswieck ("Dr. Jakeel and Sister Haid"). Armstrong ("car", "pack") as evil fruit, vegetable and poultry seller. And, yes, that annoying girl is the same child who is bringing charges against her ice cream at Carpenter's "Precinct 13 at Alt".
