Despite the anticipation, a Mazarski film created in the 70's is sympathetic to Hippi - and it has many hippies - and, naturally, it is anti-child anti-authoritarian (for example on the scene of the Mexican scene, when Satherland shows a little respect and excites a customs officer and afterwards She charges her luggage for opening, because she (Sutherl and) have long hair). Slowly the left drabble could have been achieved on my nerves, I was not ready for it earlier; Switcherland says loudly aloud to his family and friends aloud to a possible film idea for his next film. Most of these ideas are about black or indian (saying that he will be welcomed with today's open arms in Hollywood). One of his movie ideas is about a Black Revolt in Beverly Hills - a nation-war between L., to speak. Such folly is that Mzarski is thinking of writing scripts for his movies. Fortunately, some Hippies friends from Swittland make fun of this black revolution, and this does not make the dialogue worse; Shortly after, the Jew made a Crack to create a movie about Switcherland's "Action and Black Problem", when the next started talking about masturbation. Another interesting moment, when Sophiereland's eldest daughter performs some PC shit on the stage with her white schoolgirls and they all say: "We are black people in the Republic of South Africa ..." <br /> <br /> </ br> - The Hollywood movie made a movie about Hollywood by making a movie about Hollywood. Now, very, very self-motivated, actually. Although fun with fellini (playing yourself) is fun more than annoying. Mazursky flew children of flowers and anti-Vietnam corn soup and made fun of corporate Hollywood, but he was part of "Fony Hollywood" segment (songs of the song in the war of protection) as another; I'm sure he also made a confusing little conversation in the Beverly Hills party, and he was notoriously disappointed by the hand in which he did not know or liked his hands, but what he meant was his next (left) project. For his hair: I have seen most of his hair (film or elsewhere); It is like a long hair, which can grow for a long period of middle-aged accountant. The film is relatively attractive despite its lack of time, but in the last third it is slightly reduced. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), please contact me by email.
