I've been a fan of Bill Maher for 15 years but this movie is frustrating and sometimes boring. Of course, I came from Catholics, a well-educated family and went to the church of my own will, which probably ended me a few of Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> The problem of the bill is that the religion is negative negative. He is right to document the issue of society, that is, one belief develops holidays on others and religion starts to wage a lot (or, more precisely, by the extreme appeal of the people, by God's final and illogical authority), but that he does not look at his positive Say. I think, hell itself will humble itself and travel to Calcutta slums, where Mita Theresa lived her life with the poorest of her poor. He must have died now, but he can easily see the Jesuit priest in the East LA, who operates Homework Industries, which usually work with the youths in the gang and prison backgrounds, to teach their professional skills, to remove their tattoos and to be their responsible members Society, or he can visit the USC Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which The world's best philosophers, diplomats and investment bankers have gathered together to study ways to integrate the world's poorest countries in principle and to improve the quality of capital markets worldwide. Half of the world's people live in less than a day. Of course, he will not do this because he must consider proof that his former ideas about religion can not be easily fit and it is easier to continue to snide, sponsor jokes. <br /> <br /> It fits into another big problem with Bill's film, which does not reveal itself to himself or to anyone who is better than him. In this movie, you have the head colonel grade spent most of your time talking to a truck driver in a nondemonomic Christian track stop service, who is co-starring with the Dutch people, the Minister of the Storm Frontan Church, who has claimed Christ's resurrection, and an actor called Jesus " Holy land "theme played in the park. <br /> <br /> What do you see in the movie of the Beel PhD in the Grand Central Station that changes the brain like a brain chemically and this religion misleads the popular tradition on public, it is with the philosophy and theology professors of schools like Notre Dame, BIWU There is no serious and questioned interview. Or Whitton College, who can easily disappoint him by disagreeing through this issue. You do not see any serious discussion of CS Lewis, GK's writings. Chesterton, or any Catholic encyclopedia, and of course you will not get any discussion of non-Abrahamic beliefs (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam). What you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a spoiled, Shobby Elitist from the west of LA, who makes a film for himself and does not understand any intimate level of half of America; the selected George W. Bush (double) Think about living school. <br /> <br /> I got so much of Bill's words, but for somebody with his intelligence and influence, this film was less than a merciful. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual ferment kind that Indi Documents could bring may find more enthusiasm in an old reunion of Teletubbies.
