Like any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, then I would have to choose from dozens of me. If you asked me to mention the name of a bad gangster, probably the first one to pop up in my first mind that was frustratingly seen me in a week, since I saw the first movie and I promise you, last time. The film "General", is not related to the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions in the story (it is not easy to follow), but why filmmakers chose for this intense effort. <br /> <br /> Good "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) ?? Two Best Media Movies "General" is based on real people and true facts. The film revolves around Martin Cahill, an Irish expedition (Brendan Gleisson) who stole food at the age of his teenager and started plundering museums and houses as adults. Meanwhile, Kenny (Police under the leadership of John Voight) has tried hard and strongly to prove his crime and conviction (or murder). <br /> <br /> Perhaps it was much more than expected from the "General", as a movie wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "Godfather" movies in the same category. But that's going to be very simple. I did not see this bad movie, and the bad scenes were going on for a long time until the time of shouting, seeing this harmful excellence. Let's start the style simply by introducing it to discard the movie. For some reason, director John Burermann and cinemographer Simas Decie are selected to choose the film Black-Saat, although its style and presentation clearly reveal the elements of the colorful film fully described. Now I have nothing against B / D pictures, even in modern times. "Scandalers list" (1993) is more than ninety percent painted in black-white and it's a great composition. Not just after five years of "general", "scandalers list". Cinematography has become very excited with high discussion keys which looks very confusing and the film is a very video-game-quality that I just feel annoying. The filmmakers were obviously going through a realistic documentary-like style, such as "Scandalers List", but it is a documentary and fails to think of it as much as a classic-style motion picture at the same time. Performance in the range of the film from poor to passable. Brendan Gleisson and John Voyet encouraged enthusiasts for their roles, but occasionally they believed that they were running through the scary screenplay from which they quote. Sound design is very primitive, perhaps in an attempt to appeal an offense of 40, but it also fails because it has been created like a contemporary photo and it has been completely settled. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing is that this picture does not have the same? I did not feel any feeling or opinion. Actually, for every moment of every scene, the only thought of going through my head was "OK, so what?" The moments that can be frustrating or scary in a good movie are simply dull and time-consuming. I am not sympathetic to the character of Brendan Glisson because the character of the character was written only flat and dull. Gleeson is just playing ordinary criminal and the actual Martin Cahill has definitely not strikes with the impact. A character is closed (they are always in gangster film), we think nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing We just say "so what?" And that's what I did during the running time of this very mad, very poor criminal movie.
