Some fun bits, but the bills come! A movie? Zeitgeist quoted? Keep TV shows and interviews, but a film? I'm probably overreacting but what's an unnecessary provocative film ... I do not know. I laugh, disagree, agree ... This picture is very confusing and inappropriate. <br /> <br /> A funny guy in the bill ... but very caketali ... Bill's ornament is like Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the comedy and the outline of the campaign can be boring. I think the main problem of this movie is its lack of sensitivity. This can be just a personal flavor, but a comedy that constantly condemns someone can not be accepted as true. Bill is clearly emotional reaction to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious extremism is not intelligent, but its reactions can not be intelligent. It will cause unnecessary turmoil. We can only respond better to fundamentalism. His conclusion is "we do not know" and he strongly tries to convince viewers that no one knows anything, in this context that the communal community is concerned about the lack of serious research of comparative religion. His humility that he does not know that he does not do it, he is trying to contradict it because he feels unconcerned to all religious ideas. <br /> <br /> I was very sad to see the bit of jitgist, movie bills movie movies. All the science-based senses that make all religions easy in the same way are simply frustrating. The zeitgeist has stirred many debates and has been messed up with many validity of valuable religious studies scholarship. It is very sad to see how wrong information has spread with a reliable scholar source. Astro-mysterious sources that "all they say is" it is less than in the medieval era. This picture is a confusing "fireplace" confusing statement. As much as complex and philosophically academic as firearms, we are more than protecting each single problem as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This is a clear evidence of how the film can make mankind's main problems and how to make generalization easier. History <br /> <br /> Watch the film (it's a ridiculous interview and bit) but please do not act like a bill. If you make strong comments in any other line, you can not expect someone to have a mature conversation. His controversial tactics are frustrating and emotional reaction without insulting, reasonable and logical reasoning. There is a more mature way to deal with these problems.
