I recently worked on my way through the collection of the LuGosi film, and a few days back I was moving away by the combination of Luigi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat", I was really looking forward to their cooperation with "Riddle." Well, it just did not work for me, and at the end of the movie I was quite disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie, I thought that there is no real doubt about this story. Lugosi is a bit crazy There is a wonderful work to hold some things like Volins, any surgical genius who falls in love with a young girl (Irene Weir) who treats him after the car accident, but who can not have him - partly he is already involved, and Partly because of his father (Samuel S. Hind) frustrated. To cope with this situation, he helped a terrible ugly person for what Adman Betman (Boris Karloff) - who believes Volinis is more acceptable. Along with Logosi's performance, I received little to keep my interest. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film completely changed. Suddenly it became quite suspicious, but I think logosi's performance is different, mainly because the movie tried to make him crazy - and there was a difference in it. He played the role of "crazy" very well controlled and controlled but bad. "Insane" control is much more out of the bad, and I do not think the logos are closed well. At one moment, he gives some casual smiles that comes across the net only. Meanwhile, Karl was a huge disappointment. She never grabbed me. On the other hand, it should be spread over on Ludosi - the movies they have co-stars - get Karl's top billing, though "The Renen" is clearly the Logosi, which is the main actor. This must be an indication of how exactly the world has made their two fierce horror stars - impossible, I will add because I have always considered Logosi as a good actor of both. <br /> <br /> <br /> There is no real connection with Edgar Allen Poe's story "The Renen" - except for the Willis a Po Fantatic, Some tried to restrain torture techniques. Overall, a disappointment. 4/10.
