Written by a woman, and managed by another. Whoppie For what we are a feminist ride or what. For your seat belt, we are going to enter a world of average men and innocent, well-established women; <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />, and a pump (!) Like dresses and after some time give her a job with the hope of nailing her. In her office she even touched a cold girl with a megalomomaniac heavy heavy in a bond movie even after she caught him and she would touch a girl before preparing to kill him as well. Shortly afterwards, a servant / employer brings the training to the women's clothing house, harasses him, even approaching rape with him. Oh, this evil, evil man. They're all bad, you do not know. Without rape, nowadays, you can not find a job, okay? Well, we'll show you! There is a divorced women's club or something in this movie, under the leadership of Janet Leey, she talks about all the women involved in this movie when she says "Male ** **" He moans about how terrible men are; She has been divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who marries a woman, and then using that statistic, the arguments that make people feel "bad", finally understood that the explanation may be somewhere else, right? It will happen to him: a) He is a bad judge of male character, or - more likely - b) SHE is impossible to live with one - his former husband was probably damaged, or if he actually got ** holes then he probably did deserve . (Does not that the likes of Jossa-Jsa Gabo and Lease Taylor prove this point? Show me a favorite lady who has often married and I will show you the way to reach the planet using only a roller-skate and a ladder.) Trish eventually men In his confidence restores a computer guy - but keep your horse; This man is going to get married, so men actually prove all "bad" suspicions. Of course, this is for an old plant seller, who loves his wife, even though he dies - proves that all men who are "bad", except those of older men, whose penises do not work and they can not "get" "Nevertheless they are forced to abandon a life of a ** Holocolism and eventually the women deserve they respect. Even supporter male characters are all" bad "; employment agency black The man is helpless, and the man of the dead is out-of-the-odd - and insensitive (shower, * sob * ... * sniffle * ??) And what is with this pure, pure end? Minutes before the court, Trish demands his husband's money, Think of "free" and ultimately he can jump in the swimming pool ... ... what about that? Then when he leaps into the pool - most likely - start the role of credits as frames-frozen, when life is inspirational i-required They started to kick-start the music-money-money-my-husband-money. They are surprised by the abandonment of their girlfriends money demand, but they will not be surprised for a long time, and soon it will be heard about what a heartbeat trick lawyer will get to have fun with each other. Get started Shyster lawyer is naturally a man. An evil, evil, terrible "bad" man, whose only interest in this world is the meaning ... Ah, these men; They are all about paying attention; They do not know the high value of life - such shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; They bring the sexes closer together, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all horny, selfish, skirt-chasing, barstars, who will throw you on the world of poverty and disaster. So, girls, open your mouth, a stick in your tongues in your girlfriend's face. Lesbian energy!
