Recently, I had the opportunity to print a task in my head in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.). It's hard for me, as I am an artist's boyfriend, to report on the subject below, but the truth sometimes hurts, and the other side sat through this triangle (I'm using a vague definition here - meaningless statement or writing) for half an hour, I share Feeling the obligation (WARN) to be any interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, always a good place to start. The first 15 minutes is not really bad, some smiles, and develops very strong, but since then it is downhill. This is the story of a woman, in her thirty decades, that (as a writer you want to believe) is dissatisfied with her life and incomplete. The first major problem happens when you do not know what you're going to do in that movie, but when you suddenly come to risk it, I do not know, in my opinion, a very unlikely and unlikely quarrel with a local salesman. There has been very little development (very inadequate development) to maintain her work just for her relationship, and when it happens, I feel that she is just like a less moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully, they will be able to post comments as well as review. In my opinion, this is the first serious error in the film. If you are married or never in love, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, it's going to stop you. Quite obviously, I think it has made a better "blue film" - this is my opinion which is a screenplay worthy. The second deadly error is the cast, Diane Lane has not only worked here for me, and Viggo Martenson is not the right person for the job, believe me. The only public favor for the whole film is Anna Pauquin, a subtle actress, whose power is bright in depth places, a subtle yet very mad (I apologize for bipartisan but it is correct), illustrates an emerging teenager. Bravo, good job. I'm not going to give it to the end, but I was frustrated, being billed as a part of the romance of life is one thing ... but it's ending ... well, if you do not have enough tension to see this picture, I warn you I've given you, but you are looking at it faster - if this celluloid is released, then I suspect that it was only four weeks before the blaze burst. I want to wait for the video, but most of the video rental outlets have more entertainment pricing than free sex education tapes. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman has created this, you think he'll learn after Ishtar. Once this film should bear the heading "Blouse Man" and keep it in the rack. If you do not want to go out of a film in your life, but this 35-40 minutes, stay alone for Anne Pauquin, if you can stomach that your mind can look at you or you did not take out the trash before leaving home , Perhaps it should be in the first place if you exit this movie. It's my two cents, for what it's worth.
