I could not believe that this terrible movie is not actually created. You can find with the worst actors, the worst scripts (Mark Frost and Soulash Mitchell) and the worst waste since watching. I will not enjoy the story because it is not really worth it. But I will show some performance and definitely broaden the story. As story, it is very hard to believe that this wicked crazy schemer could actually do what he could. That fact wife can not defend herself against a little bit of a thing. That husband could actually find all of the interesting case of the nut case. Defense attorney can break the verdict of each court and continue it after a blank blank order to shut down the judge. And the final result of the movie is justice, film codes and male domination insults. The theme of this zodiac allows women to do as they want, to kill those whom they want to kill, to save the killer and escape with them, even though the victim is innocent in prison. Believe that Solus Mitchell, director and a man, even want to make this dribble. <br /> <br /> as a gen: Killer Jordan lad awful. A killer, who works at Sule Point during the trial of his murder? (Is this allowed in the court?) He bothered me. Another look of batting in front of her eyes, and she pointed out how innocent she was and I threw her. She is not interesting even interesting for any guy leaving his wife. The husband, Vincent Spano, played at one stage, seems to be the right time and most stupid act. She was so predictable in her performance falling into her trap set by all the women surrounding her. The worst was as Holland Taylor's defense as Attourney. He has acted throughout the film and has a saga of justice. If he ever examined me, I would have told him to increase. Everyone else in this lazy movie ordered to do this. <br /> <br /> I hope I can give this rating a zero rating. But we have to start from 1. very bad. Let's not look like this movie is not painful. Lifetime can make it even better, I know it. <br /> <br /> This is a PostScript: Wrong mistake to delete this inspiration movie. As soon as I saw Bimbbo Jordan Ladd I knew I saw it before and did not like it or her. I just did not stop the fake thing, but I had to get angry with people like Soulas Mitchell who wrote scrapple, but this terrible flicker managed it. Does anyone see that his / her message carries sickness? OK with this director / writer who is sick and close to human beings. Making the male species totally foolish. Well, this guy tells you to go somewhere painful things. We are not all fools and will talk to your so-called movie, which is trashable in this person's mind. <br /> <br /> Again this loss is seen. Why ???? Do you read this stupid and disgusting movie comment? Do we see Barbbo Jordan Jordan again and again? Get him out of TV, movies and sight. He is just terrible in every sense of words. ISS !!!!
