This is an immoral and irreconcilable piece of garbage, no doubt that Friday 13th (1980) wants to be cloned. This movie poster seems to be cross between Jason and Frederia, which might attract movie-passengers. There is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie. It just makes me sad that some people waste their time with Slipway Camp 2: Singaporean Campers (1988), Unhappy Campers (1988) on Video or DVD, and this sad, playful, depressed movie. > Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) Shibir Counselor of Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that other campers are as beautiful as they are and they will be in trouble. Meanwhile, other campers have realized that people are disappearing after one, Angela excuses him in such a way that he has to send home. Could Anjela be a killer, who once was a man who conducted sexual immorality campaigns many years ago? Who knows? Who care? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In the 1980's, there were many movies in the house that created cross between Mad Slashar and Dead Teenager Generals, among which a crazy killer became barbarous. Some have a plot, some do not, but they're all about as bad as this. Sleepy Camp 2: Unhappy campers are introducing 80 minutes of kids and then being suppressed, underhanded, assaulted, cut, burned alive, and distorted. These are all movies. Seeing this movie I reminded the 13th movie on Friday, the message for its visitors was that the thirteenth preliminary work would be hacked. The filmmakers of slideway camp 2 have the right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine that the film is a bad message for its evil viewers: "This is a complete evil place in the world," this film tells you, "It will kill you, your dreams or your expectations do not matter." It does not matter if you have a new lover or new girlfriend. What do you think, what to do or what your plan for the future is not important. You can forget these plans, because you're just going to die up the air. "<br /> <br /> And the most sick thing is - and not too far - the movie only sets the room for a signal. + Well, why not? + They probably made three or four films, already have buckets on cellulose. I was dropped from the original Solly Camp (1983), and, after watching his first seagel, I hope to stay away from the other sequels, as well as the original. And for the parents, if you The children who love the film know but do not date their children.
