His Christmas Eve and the lazy and modest housewife Della (Kim Basinger) got some violent threat from her annoying and humiliating husband. After leaving his two children in bed, he went to the local mall for a last night's shopping. There are buses and it is impossible to find a parking place, the latters hold the motorcycle with two motorcycle drivers, they leave them a lot of notes. As he returned to his car after seeing the shops inside the store, he faced some wounds, he kept a note to the car owners, they are very angry and want to have some fun with him, a safe safety guard takes steps to help him, but get things Either the hand and the guards are shot dead, the della is suddenly killed, they are on the His car and crash go under control, quickly grabbing his toolbox from the trunk, he hides on a lonely building site, but is caught early, he tried to rape and killed him, he created a wrench from his magician toolbox, Their leader "Chakki" wounded, he managed to flee to nearby forests, a gang died in francs, It will be just black guy here gets bad at night for all of the cat and mouse involved as a deadly game. A plot line similar to Eden Lake attracted me, but the comparison ended. It's an intelligent and mobile film, suddenly scripted and involved, everyone has played terribly, Donny Idd Disney-Esquiera Twin kids are horrible to watch the watch, but Lukas Hase like the chuckle should congratulate in the bad acting section, although he runs a run for his money by the equally awesome husband. Is given. Its plot line as a movie was completely telegraphed, even Della's cell phone died and after that her credit card was canceled by her husband and her cash and its Christmas Eve, now I wonder where they could go with this ?? ? The only surprising part of this hit is that after killing all the stolen bad boys with the content of their magical toolbox, if they want to have their @kk in the chime, if my jaw has not already covered the horrors of these films then surely it will be smashed down and down on the floor. Even ultimately harmful, all feminine grannies are wanting to want their pounds of flesh. I think I could not be more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo Dell Toro produced this drake
