I do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fee in the 1926 Cape Fear movie, but I can not help it. Not only do I play Robert Mitchem and Gregory Peck's big fan of Cape Fear, but the scenes on the right side of the earlier Scorsese films (Kadi Ignition, what the keys out of the dog's death) and even Bernard Harman's scores include the whole film, he compared me to a lot Do not give chance because I can not help but classic Cape fears almost Think of the scene. When compared to the classic version of Cape Fierce Skarszee version, the remake was destroyed by the classic; But while taking the picture on its own it is also bad. <br /> <br /> Scarsis and screenwriter Wesley Strick's scene did not rebuild the scene for the 1962 Cape Scene, they tried to do something different. Unfortunately it's a film's problem. For a personal revenge, Max Cadi, in the 1991 edition of 1991, Max Rhyme, like Max Rick and animal like "Rage", is a religious tale to communicate with her woman. Mine). Also gone and seen in the strong Sam Bowden classic Cape Fear movie, the Sam's 1991's remake found very stupid, Magoo, unbeliever, and very unlikely. Even Mrs. Baden also is a completely different character - she's crazy than Max Cadier! The overall story has changed almost - Sam did not testify against the court to keep him in the classic version of the prison, Sam is now a former lawyer, who is doing all that he can not do to keep Qadir suspect out. Jail and "save" him out. <br /> <br /> The overall story has changed, and I do not keep too much against it, but overall scripts are all weak around. Other sub-plots are thrown into a mix that does not deviate from the bigger picture, they are also badly written. The film has some strange weird scenes and it is also full of irrelevant and even ridiculous lines that you can not take at least the bit seriously. These aspects take away from the hazardous and exciting nature they are supposed to have, but they also have some help in this section. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear is an unusually bright light and a useful effective consultant benefit when the movie calls for it and meets the controversial cruel cruelty over the feeling of danger throughout the entirety. However, Scoris is unable to do any of its Cape Fear, in the early 1990's, the film was not shown in the appearance of a cookie-cutter, no danger, no suspicious scenery and a small style (unless you count animation fire and skyline style). Yes, there are some horrific violence and some efforts have been made to make Cape Fiera larger than the original, but it is empty and all shock but no fear. <br /> <br /> If it is not enough, acting is not great. Robert De Niro (nominated for Academy Award for his performance in any way) started out as Max Cuddy, but instead of fearing at the end of the movie, he laughing laughing laughing. In contrast to the performance of Jessica Lange and Mrs. Bowden, the opposite happened, from the final reactions to most movies to a strong show of fear and frustration. As Sam Baden, Nick Knolt is the same throughout the film: Base. Juliet Lewis (who received the Academy Award nomination) was quite capable of playing Daniel Bowden, but he called to play a real fool, and what we would like to see from him on screen is really difficult. <br /> <br /> This image seems to be counted as one of several good remixes and I do not understand why. I wanted to like it; I mean-- I mean, if I'm rather one that's going to be a remac in Cape Fear - but I just could not. According to an unexpected comparison of the original Cape Fear, there is nothing good for myself and I see Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear as a really bad movie. The best thing about the movie is Robert Mitchell and Gregory Pac in their supporting roles - go towards the picture.
