Although the original first blood was its remote moments, it was at least breathtaking. In Rambo: First Blood, the second part is emphasized in comic-book activities. The probability is completely rejected; Logic nose-dives; Stalin became so unknown that there is no doubt about his success in the mission. Just like any other will-fulfilling worker of that time (eg, United States, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II, is very irresponsible to fear heroes, rejecting its opportunities for real tension. If you can tell from this word that Rambo is going to erase hundreds of enemy soldiers, then what is left to get excited? <br /> <br /> The first film festival, John J. Rambo (Sylvester Stallone), if he joins the pre-existing secret operation, apologies are requested. The year is 1985, and a mission is being organized to know whether any American PW is still stuck in the wild in Vietnam. Rambo was encouraged to take his job with Colonel Trutman (Richard Cranna), his old advisor, but in practice it was the development of a government team led by Marshall Murdoch (Charles Napier). Check whether Rambo's work is only for a jungle camp and one American pow in the jungle ?? If not, he is connected with a helicopter; If so, then they can get photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be rescued later on. Helping her find a lady soldier, beautiful and wealthy Co Bao (Julia Nixon) with local knowledge. Surely, Rambo discovers that there is Po Po in the camp, but he rescued one of them and passed his order ?? When he reaches the adjacent point, the rescue helper leaves him at Maddock's direction, it seems, due to political and military impact, in reality, no PoW would want to find. Rambo was captured and tortured by the enemies, but after an explosive escape, he decided to free PW and retaliate against the treacherous Muradak. <br /> <br /> Some good points in the film include photography from Jacques Cardiff, the delightful score of Jerry Goldsmith, and stunt team intensive professionalism in performing various act ants. Outside this little picking, film failure Actor macho is decreasing posturing, the plot lies in the ring, the order of action is soulless and suspenseless, is the dialogue stupid ?? Even violence became numbingly predictable. During his release, during a release of Ronald Reagan, a man with simple and close-knit Communist feeling. For this reason, the contemporary audience uploaded this com-biting shooting-fest as it was the greatest movie of all time, it turned into an unexpected box office success. Thanks times have changed ?? Today we will be able to monitor it, such as a ridiculously high body count, ridiculously stupid politics and a ridiculous hero.
