According to the rights, "First Blood Part II" should never have been. The original script of "First Blood", John Rambo, committed suicide at the end of this film, but it was changed to change it, because the producers wanted to make a signal, but the testers felt that the end of the original was very sad. However, some people probably thought that wasting the character was very good, because he was released in eighty thousand heroes of two more movies and more recently the fourth was freed. <br /> <br /> The official title of this movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is commonly known as "Rambo". It begins with the title character of the prison, where he probably appeared in the "first blood" crime, though it is never clear. He was removed from prison by his former commanding officer Colonel Trutman for secret missions. Rambo wants to return to Vietnam investigating reports that the US payments are still being captured by the imperialist regime. He is under strict instructions to rescue any prisoner or engage the enemy; <br /> <br /> Rambo does not understand that she is setting up, not by Traitman, who is portrayed as brave, honorable and endless, but a military bureaucracy named by the organizer. Murdoch wishes that this mission will prove that there is no American prisoner in Vietnam, because partly it will improve relations between the United States and Vietnam, because partly it will make life easier. Unfortunately, for Murdoch, Rambo discovered that Americans are still not being captured, they are also being kept in hell. Of course, he left them in their fate, a hero much more, and tried to rescue them. The rest of the film is one or more of the war between Rambo and some friends (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and evil virgin soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the evil deeds are gone, even though I was surprised to know from your "Quarterly" section that the total number of dead was as low as 67. Occasionally it seemed as if the Rambo was trying to remove the whole Vietnam Army. <br /> <br /> This picture tone is very different from the very beginning. "First Blood" Rambo was innocent, although his responsibility for his crime was reduced due to severe tension and his mental instability. He is a universal American hero in "Rambo" A few years ago, the director, George Pan Cosmatos, created "The Casandra Crossing" in favor of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmotes, though not versatile, and "rumbo" prove that he can turn his hands on favorable right-wing American-American propaganda. Both of these films are generally ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There was a fault of "first blood", but its qualities were also. Partial anti-war movement was responsible for the problems faced by Vietnam, its opposition, it was controversial, but at least this film is a statement about war, social attitudes of war, and violence in society. On the contrary, "rambo" has fewer attributes, except for the verb that it likes, the actions are done properly. This is certainly a sort of genotype revenge for Americans who are still annoyed with the war in Vietnam. Rambo re-fought in the singles battle, and right now he wins the right direction. Take that, Charlie Kong! At this point, there is no doubt that movie supporters (and there seems to be plenty of them - more than 2000 voters already gave ten stars) I decided that I am a liberal love pink. Far from it - in fact, I always despised communalism as a harmful ideology. What I dislike about this movie is not his politics, but his lack of urgency and all the problems that are resolved with ideological disputes including all gun fire and kill people as soon as possible and kill them. There is no attempt to understand the political complexity of Southeast Asia or why not everyone was in the region on the American side. For all anti-Communist opposition, the film was a violent campaign of Slažhammar, which was very good for communists to uninterrupted themselves - except that they took a dislike to the problems of the entire world, capitalism, or imperialism, or revisionism, or any other moment responsible for them. Compared to "rambo", "The Green Bear" was a wonderful part of political analysis. 3/10
