During the Liberation War, during the Liberation War, the first blood part II of the Liberation War began to capture its mood, right-angle reginism and intense anti-red feelings were not completed yet, although the presence of a particular Mikhail Gorbachev in Moscow's "Evil Empire" Will give; Even the Reagan himself finally acknowledged this truthfulness. <br /> <br /> In this sense, we are not even more grateful for democracy, not for the policy of glasnost, but for the rebuilding of democracy in eastern European countries of the former Soviet Union, not for its disarmament agreement with the United States. No, it's the final fool, the junkystick, the courage of such cold war. The first Rambo film was perfect, though there was at least one silently educated and not enough action thriller with a very bad story. In this novel, even in a distant way, the firmness is immediately jokes, jestisoned for sensel, such as the plot and the incident that Rambo conservatively tried to defeat the Americans to defeat America after the collapse of the American POW ten years after the collapse of Vietnamese and Russian troops. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why this film was a big box office success was to flush the American fantasy; They may lose the war, but the hand was still incomplete, and the heroic comedy and cats with a robot-like hero were almost all of the possible hardware, including the red on the eye, as well as the immediate visionary ideals. It can be entertaining at the Superman / Spider-Man level, but sadly everything is directly played directly. Not saying that there is no comedy in the film; Sadly it's all kind of weird. Working scenes, although technically adequate, sometimes do not carry a little bit of convincing or provocative, because it's always the most spectacular songwriter's incredible, for example, our hero Rambo is always illiterate (here and there, from a few cuts and beatings) a lot of explosive, grenade , Gunfight, etc., despite its surroundings. <br /> <br /> In the greatness, there is one of the most intense checksuits and seamlessness in the script. Stallone, who thinks James Cameron with the script's co-authors (a long way from the adventurous trimmer of the preceding year), deliberately gave Rambo a more characteristic of understandable English, and only came out with a deadly scream in the season, though he discovered his own brand of Potomi It is understood only by yourself. His colleague Cameron was again thinking of the terminator, he was involved in a little more contact with him. The lead character! In this sense, the Rambo is even less than the man than the Terminator! Charles Napier and Richard Karena have performed the best of their acclaimed performances with good actors and have played Steven Burke again in the role of his Russian KGB / Red Army villain. Barakoff's extremism is impressively gripping but not remotely appealing. How was the death of Sally Burke's electric shock done to survive torture, which killed more Red Combi Scamgb? Well, credibility never comes at a firm point in the film. This is a fantastic work done with the wizard's wizard. At least that WAS would be a fantastic and it could be an immortal classic. It's simply a classic, most neutral, and indeed objectionable, kindly and sly's climatic lecture for ... but rather disturbing after the murder of all the people, Ah? Anyway, in the same year, he is the fourth ... .. <br /> <br /> <br />: 3 out of 10.
