A zero rating that really deserve a zero rating. The courtyard seems simple enough: interested girls studying in the school are interested in going to school. But only boys are allowed to study, so after the death of his father, he decides to turn himself into a disguise as a boy. She is married to a beautiful woman named Hadas, who became close friend with Avigard. Hadith's family learn Avigdor's brother's suicide, and marriage is declared closed. The son called himself Ansel, then Hadad was elected to marry him. He but it is not consummated. Intel / Ansel and Avigard went for a while, and Intel / Uncel revealed his secret information. Aviddor Aviddor (and married?) Ends up with returning to Hadad, and Yentl is going to America to continue his research even though he will do so in disguise. <br /> <br /> The above plot seems to be the first interesting one for 2 hours, but there are some things that can destroy it. For initial, there are constant thrones. (I've already heard critics screaming.) Yes, I know it is supposed to be a musical instrument so lots of songs and dance numbers. But if the movie is operated and played without them, then it can be improved. The songs became tired after a while, and dance as dancing as much as they did not expect. Forgetting many songs, with a memorable song, and a significant person can easily be replaced by a voice-over. Just one song from the rest is standing, "Dad you can hear me". It is clear that most of the others are deliberately kept so Streisand can have a reason to show her vocal ability every five to ten minutes. Chances are anyone who will see this movie already knows what he is a fantastic singer and actress, so songs are not really needed. <br /> <br /> Streissand's makeup, which can be seen as a man during his scenes (lipstick, extended lash and blush traces are all clear), the reality of the Intel / Antsle character of the viewer that he is really serious, and his new friends, colleagues and Even fooling Hadas, he believes that he is a man. Yet we are asked and expected to believe that thing too. It seems that there is a conflict of character or song about his character, he does not think that he can pull it, but it seems as if he seems to be wearing a man's clothes, all of them are stupid. This means that we believe that other characters are so naive that they can not see any other difference, such as his actions, which are clear donations. Differences of facials can not be included alone, because other characters in the movie indicate that there were no beard or other facial hair from some of their relatives or friends. Nevertheless, in the 1900s, if a man wearing a man dressed up, but wore a lot of makeup like Streissand's character, and was still wearing men's clothes, so tried to stop himself as a man, it was considered unacceptable and oppression. Chances are he will be forced to leave the city, even the country. So "female" on Streisand does not lend credence to the character of makeup, and only weaken the plot. If Streisand is more beautiful look only apply it then it should be scraped. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Intel / Uncellegger himself shows that he is at the end of the end, then we are told to believe that other characters are not as smart as Streissand, and only when they learn "the truth" they become a little wiser . Up to now it has become more evident that the whole plot has come so far that it is nothing but a custom-made car for strains. <br /> <br /> Finally, those fans of Streisand find no fault with this film, its plot, or song. I must agree to them. She has excellent singer and acting ability, I do not have a "fan" in her style of singing. However, I enjoyed many of his other features including musical instruments. I have some songs that I like, so I'm not a "hated", nor is it ready to keep him in control. I have written this review from the point of view of this, anyone who has tried every effort to see this movie - sometimes even - and mentions problems between it. If Straussand is interested in creating a great or even credible film, he can stay here without any proven talent, beautiful and smart almost every wail in the context of his promise. This film is nothing more than damaging its power, to self-absorb it, and thus, the film is considered ineligible for its fans or viewers.
