Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, has found an incredible Italian picture that mixes on the working task according to the title of the Diabetical Art: a documentary. But his wife Emily was emotionally disturbed by her wife's mysterious death, so she went to Split where the problematic picture was with her and her grandmother Jill. And there is a county, who is an emotional, and he told him that the picture was made in the dark of night, whose name is a young man named Emilia. Michael does not believe in his story, but then Emily's violent spam and Jill have died ... This Italian film must have been innocently influenced innocently, but it is much cheaper, much easier and a sensible, much dirtier. After all, it should be said that the movie is confusing. For example, the story shows the resurrection of Emily Emilia. But when Emily sees her in flashbacks, she realizes her from the perspective of the third person. But if he is in the resurrection of Emilia, he must see nothing but Emilere's view. Such confusions, which are based on many of these films, almost exclusively a problematic reality, that the film is its own quasi-freudian theme, such as the desire of a pre-adolescent girl. To make matters even worse, this movie has a special problem (if there is no confusion); Each character is helpless to be very naive and realistic and / or believable living people. Related to Emily (or Emilia), she is after all children, and one can say that it is difficult to blame her primarily for her proximity and helplessness. (And according to the Fredian theory, every girl wants to have her father's child on her own path, in that sense, Emily is not only pathological, but her child's ability to exclude women from her father's love is related to her problematic diseases, as I have already mentioned, The picture is very dangerous to be very criminal.) The problem is that adult letters are childish and Stupid and helpless, like Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, almost everything can be seen in psychological things that nothing can do from the world, and due to the same weakness, the story of the film is run very badly. In addition, the special effect of this film is incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although Stevevo Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (in fact it is so good that it seems to be alone), the film is completely nothing but a cheap B-Film, which is the 1970's-Italian-horror-film-lovers.
