American TV program producer Jack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi) is looking for something somewhere made up of an MTV style film crew with his cameramanman, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfers 'Dudes' called Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) The island, where it is not actually revealed. The crew publishes 'blood relations' in a planned manner that is the latest insane in extreme sports. The surfers have thrown the rattan into the sea and are spending themselves to attract sharks, seeing if they can not eat only if they can come out. Once greeted by Sony Lufrenko (Chris Verdido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect location leads to their Lilo-shark's infested waters. Sony, Melba and their daughter Lemia (Maurin Larazzal) took them to the boat. Before coming soon and some bloody footage shot before, Sony, Melba and Lemmia were killed by crocodiles 30 feet feet, some say the owner of the island. The boat sank. A rescue party came to stay in Jack, Sicily, Bog and Jeremy Island. However, after a run with some, well-dried I really do not know what they do Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionairies? Fat ugly people who just do not like with other people? Who knows? And who care more important? Not sure for me that. However, after fleeing from those people who look like pirates, they take Captain John Dirics (Duncan Rezir) and his daughter Ariti (Tarin Referra Rae Reiff) to the island's coast. The film crew believed they were believed. They do not know that crocodiles and captain Dirks go back and he has a score to make a fix and four members of a film crew will not stop him. Captain Dirks heads back to Lilo for the final showdown with monster man feeding crocodile. <br /> <br /> James D.R. Managed by This is a terrible movie, but it's not as bad as Hobo's MacDoDial (2000). This sucks everything about the film. Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levi's script is a terrible, very slow reason not seen or mentioned 30 minutes before the chicken, and at that time I was worried and disturbed by Barnard with very annoying and annoying disgusting characters. Levi The whole film is frustrating, predictable in the first 10 minutes, a person who is familiar with stereotype and stock letters of horror films will die and will be able to guess who will survive. The crocodile's effects seem to be awful and often repeated, there is a small doll head which is clearly stuck in it for a few seconds to control its movement, such as water splash. Crocodile CGI shots are just plain shameful to see. There is no other than just a span in half of the characters using CGI to digitally remove the feet. Again it seems terrible. When they set off a trap, there is a brief view that someone is impaled on wooden spikes. Nudity and sex are in reasonable quantities, as well as female actresses look beautiful and easy. The film has basic continuity and logical errors, according to one sequence, the filming of Seagulli Bug and Jeremy is filmed, but it is physically impossible to get both sharks and surfers footage from this angle and distance. The whole point of time, and of course his shot? When the Dirks spin harpoon handles the angle of the wire dramatically changing into the shot, the angle between the lines in one shot seems like coming from the sky, the straight corner straight after the angle is completely different and the line seems to come from the bottom of the water surface when the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat. And the line should be roughly along the surface. When trying to make this image, I was so smart, why the chicken closing the edge of the soil? But if I list something wrong with this picture then I could not exceed 1000 words, so I will not. I hate this picture, rather rather it is not as bad as Toby Hooper's attempt at a giant crocodile film. Of course one should avoid.
