In the frustrating disciplinary setting at the end of the 80's, it saw an incomprehensible rash of supernatural horror films. Ronnie Hurlin's shouting and rolling the whole gunny ball around Moody "Prison"; It is immediately followed by the least lethal "chair," John Saxon's enjoyable "Death House", Messenger Psycho Photo "Distro," and frustrating this secret lipaalalytic exercise in the comatose tadium. <br /> <br /> Suddenly, your boring collection of helpless college college student Chaudhurd goes to the Alcatraz Islands, unbelievably uninterrupted gangster Alex (heavily unexpectedly Nicholas Selogenie), and suddenly suddenly went to investigate the malicious circumstances surrounding the deadly deadly death. Upcoming rock star Sammy Mitchell (kindly played by Tony Basil of "Hey Mickey" fame) Alex's brother was overwhelmed by the evil demon spirit of the Cavalry Commandant of a harmless anti-American civil war and fell on the expected murder, thus allowing Wyimax to overcome his differences and stand against this loathsome audience. While the image of Nicholas von Sternberg was photographed with some set pieces of a modest cow and a clear amount of wonderful atmosphere (the image was shot at Alcrasez Island's brutal, rust, and randon ruins), yet "slaughterhouse rock" Do not cut as a solid, effective fear feature. This is mostly due to the same illogical and unclear collegiate SmartLec letters, a tiremimity smirk bunch, which gives an evidence of gryting instead of being anecdotal comic antics. There is a lot more happening than a significantly discouraged cast, together with the "Playboy" playmate and the inevitable blonde pie pie Hopie Hope Marie Carlton, especially Linna Quigley, is working as a token overweight enamorous bimbo in disguise. The Dimitri logo shows the shiny visual style, but the tone fails to develop grave seriousness and stupid, frightening sophomeric silencer, and the most vicious, vicious, incomprehensible, too complex of Ted Landon and eventually develops quite confusing scripts. Internal reasoning away to the internal argument and also the necessary internal argument to make a heresy. In other words, this stinker is sadly successful in creating an unexpectedly drawn-out cinematic prison sentence like 90 minutes.
