This film starred starring Jack Pearl (radio "Baron Munchson") and Jimmy Durante in the 1930s, completely forgotten stars. However, after 7-1 / 2 decades, it was billed as the three stigios film because the only person in this film, who can recognize the average person today. Film Fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Adna May Oliver and Jazzu Pittas. <br /> <br /> For stugges, this is a movie from the very first day - MGM had no idea what to do before. At this time they were known as "hello" and his stogs "as the helie front man. Thankfully, for StuGege, they will soon see these nasty and rather psychological people (read on it - see what you see) and the rest is history. Within a year, they were making a very successful shorts for Colombia and the MGM executives soon kicked themselves for the team. This type of thing was a common occurrence in MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with the comedy (such as Butter Keaton, Lorel and Hardy, Abbott and Castello and others). In fact, until they moved to Columbia, MGM had played a variety of strange movies - starring Clerk Gabell and Joan Crofford in Dancing Ladies. And, surprisingly, they did not work as a team in this movie - they just played a number of helpful roles like playing Larry Piano! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This image begins with Perl and Durant. African jungle When they are rescued and brought home, all the ideas of the structure of the film differ, and the film often becomes like a different shoe - here and there by the scenes by the scenes are paused. For Perl, I can really see why he did not make successful films, because he has a slug personality (but a little less welcome). Like Durant, I never knew him that the public saw him - at least as far as his films were concerned - he jumped loudly aloud, loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly loudly. Slowly loudly loudly loudly loudly for the magazine to create the image to destroy the buster Ketter's carrier Apparently took the time to make sure. Together, Perl and Durante many oral humor (?) And vaudville-style styles tend to be rather flat, which depends on routines. <br /> <br /> In this film, Stooges they were not yet proper chemistry. Hey, doing what he did in his next movie is strange. What they did in this movie was pretty good, but all the sections were small, because they quickly turned the camera on and off to allow them to go to their cameras very quickly. Stooges fans may be very disappointed at this, although hard-hearted fans might want to see it so that they can fulfill their lifesaving goals in stogo-even savvy Joe Dirita and Joe Bessar films (oh, and they've got worse after the death of the shape and the colony <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is rather neutral and frustrating. However, there is a couple interesting things to see in the mess. In the 13 minute mark, you'll see a brief scene where a bus tour guide is sung. See carefully, Walter Brennan is such a role that you would not expect! Another unusual thing to find in the movie is "Queen As Witle", which in 22 minutes The song starts with the song and the dance name is an example of a so-called "pre-code" scene which was never allowed in the film since 1934. Notwithstanding the word "clean" in the title, despite the large amount of meat showing naked women, it is a very impressive number - stimulant enough but not really enough to show something! It is quite disappointing today, though in the early 1930's such excessive popularity was common. Finally, in the 63-minute mark, see Jimmy Durante set race relations for decades. Watch the movie, you understand that I understand!
