Yes AWA wrestling can forget about how this unreal show. At first they were in a small interview in O'Connell O'Briel, who watched "Rock N Roll" like Ban Jumofi Nakir. Then the gene was offland, when he was "crazy as a wrestler", he would "go crazy" or "come back OK" would say that he was crazy but was actually forced. Even after approaching the WWF Kain Renaissance, his hard-hitting week got stuck as an old soup. It was a very good interviewer, who said "George" Jimmy Gervin with a mouse face, which forced me to laugh at my chair. After he jumped into the ship, Larry came to Nelson's board so that he was so bad that Philis George was an improvisation! Then Doug MacLeod is the best wrestler who ever made every match exciting with his fatal description! He was then given more salary to the Minnesota North Star Hockey team. Those who might forget Roger Kent on Ringside, who were mistaken for words and sentences were historians when a wrestler was big, "Hess is a big one!" After using Nick Bakquin on his helpless opponent, "in the right gasket" or "disgraced" or "kick" or "piledriver should be banned". Cooking money (WWF) was their Rod Trangard, those who announced the style were fantastic but different. When a wrestler scraps only part of his boot across the other chest, he said "Right Sarah the Front-e-Lobe" or a wrestler "laughing at the bad way". He also said that the AWA is the worst, the hard, the medium, most scientific wrestlers are right in the AWA! (Gaga to spare no extra money!) After he left Larry (Heres Félis?!) Nelson over and I would talk to someone else or ignore it altogether. (WWE did not accept it wisely!) Greg Gagne was the most wrestling wrestling I sometimes saw in a yellow letter which I do not want to say. Even when looking for the tag, he found that he wanted to keep it so that he could come back to the nearest house! Juppin J. Brungele was such a great dramatic artist who was surprised that Greg was his companion. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you thought why Verna could win himself against him. (Pulaij!) When Vince McMahon was in Gogan's job, he played most of his wrestling squash matches. I want to see the Gagan family wrestling now!
