A small girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the village. This little girl Rosalie has some psychological tendencies, since the film opens with the opening of some kind of creature with her feeding children in the graveyard, and recently she became crazy about her mother, but she lived while living in the forest all night. The firmness of the film has a new young girl coming to Rosalie for her care. While driving, he got acquainted with the temple of the wilds and imagined here, that the huge blue barrel lying beside a arch was preventing his car from stopping dead. From there he went to the nearest house and discovered Mrs. Whitfield, who then explained a lot about Rosalie and her family. Mrs. Whitfield will be credited with the cruel sincerity by character. Well, the young girl met the baby and we soon learned that she is not just strange, but all the movies are very intimidated. They all share one thing that none of them ever listened to the acting school. None of these can work - as some of the cars have been seen before or after them - and each of them seems to have no idea what's going on, pause for remembering lines and all the paperwork consistency. The director walks slowly through the object with piano music, which can be terrible here. We take some of our animals before killing some of our friends, but till then I have not cared. The murders are also not believable, and the truth will be said that the whole film is combined with man and things together with his friend's farm. All that is said is ultimately some vague direction, even though it is more or more important as a rosy, why not learn a strange thing that animals with cheap masks Even here the budget does not begin to describe. It is basically a couple old farmhouses and at the end and of course some sheds of wood. Somebody gave a couple old cars to the director. No special effects and only the minimum make-up. There are many gaffs / laughing moments listed, but I'll only list some of the people here that have made me shiny due to the lack of creative power: 1) She is "killed". The lane comes and looks at her and you can warm up with her fat stomach life. 2) Finally death scenes where actresses died playing Rosalia. He seems like listening to the instructions and considering his method takes time to die. 3) How was the man to tell Russell's father about the bad player Andy Griffith? She was a ridiculous hoot where death of son Scout died. The child is indeed a very bad film and if you want 70's cheese's quality is very bad. It is not a B film, but producer Harry Novak earns more money like Zed.
