Wha-BAM! Someone really enjoys load of a full truck load of acid-mushroom and then scripts this crazy excuse for a motion picture! Writer Howard Cohen extends the idea of ​​additional "Sord & Sorcery" to a few additional sorts, such as sex, celery, (more) sex and cruelty! This is not just a movie, it's a perverted dream and imagination of every child! Blood, violence, fork, female mud wrestling, attempt to rape, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Hairy hairstyles, ultra-oily muscular body, multi-sexual organ, gay warrior, tournament- to-the-death, Enchanted dykes, separation, ridiculous villains and boobs, boobs, buboobwies !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with its obvious role model "Canaan: The Barbarian". The story, evidently, is of little importance. Alone and gay (only he still does not know it) are going to a mission of warrior Deathstone, such as by creating an annoying witch, collecting three infamous elements of creation ?? Or something like that. On his ride he turned a trawler, a warrior who was even more gayer than him - but last but not least - combines forces with a happy woman who does not seem to really support a brass idea. Together they proceed to the kingdom of Munkar, where they will participate in a fighters' tournaments and not less than three elements. Muncher's half-spider web tattoo tattooed on his forehead and a man with an impressive harem who even jealous of rich oil roots. All right, allowed, "Deathstalker" is a pretty awesome, and sometimes even unsupported film. The sequence of battles looms and clothing and make-up effects are undoubtedly tragic. For a moment, when I was watching the first row, I was really scared that I saw "troll, prickle". The monsters look completely opposite as cheesy and appealing, but you are an illiterate mood, but it is undeniable entertainment. I think this is not a favorite among feminists, because the overall screenplay of women is somewhat discriminatory? Most cheeks, especially Harem, act as eye candy. They are allowed to crawl on the naked floor and play near the mud, but strictly forbidden to open their mouths. Two "leading" ladies (Barbie Benton and Lanna Clarkson) are violent but - in all the facts - if they are not for their continued open racks, they must not be significant.
