Critics of the liberation war in Syria went away and everything became disturbed by him. I think this is a movie that is quite intelligent ... so smart that I think you must be well aware of oil industry and politically bright minds. I do not think myself intelligent, I have been studying politics since my first teens and I enjoy an intelligent movie, but in most of it, a documentary film is mainly entertaining and the message remains. Syria tried hard to be intelligent and it turned some people out. I even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and it is saying a 10/10 lying because they think they look better. This movie is quite confusing, intelligent, stupid drible that I have seen in a while ... especially considering critical acclaim, Oscars Nude and Cast. Screenplay writer Stephen Gaghan still disappointed me. His horror written Havak was before this movie and I think he is trying very hard. I can not believe that he was given the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code screenplay. This film was directed at the top of Gagan, which made it a complete mess. I had no idea who was there, why it was happening, who was and what was. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I really do not know for anyone because I can think of the actor and their performance because the actors have decided despite the terrible complex scripts. George Clooney played CIA. Field agents and killer I think ?? Bob Burns. Clooney was not my favorite, but recently she was able to find some good performances and it seemed to be a good performance in her part. Barnes was a complex character with a shocking history, and if I knew that I really enjoyed his character in what was going on with him. Matt Damon starred Brian Woodman and he looked rather like a deer in a silent and headlight that I could try to understand his confusion after reading this script and then perform it. Amanda Piot plays her wife and she does well in some scenes. Christopher Plummer makes a camio look as nobody is doing anything. I love watching him and love, even if he does not get top billing even love. <br /> <br /> If the story is simply sensational then the cast is intense. I would like to quote the description of the plot correctly on IMDb. "A missile has disappeared in Iran, but there are other problems of the CIA: an American heir to an oil contract by China, the United States immediately burns the migrant workers in the fire and merges with a small firm that landed in a Kazakhstan oil contract. The suspect, and the oil company's law firm, scrapped a scugge Jia gets the death sentence of the son of the CIA after the failure of the plot to kill the MIR-clear murder, the demise of Bob Burns, the double cross of the fallen person, and the economist indicates the death of his son in order to maintain discipline that CIA wants for his son's death. All roads start in the oil fields and end. "What!?!? Tell me who is now ?? Maybe Syrian people might be a movie of thoughtful people but my tears were disturbed by the tears and how hard I tried to stay with him, I finally surrendered and stopped it after one and a half hours and you could not pay me enough money to get me to the end do. I think if you want to form an opinion than all the opinions but see it however I promise you will be entertained or someone who is looking for an enjoyable movie will be sleeping in the first half hour. 1/10
