Last week I was searching through a Hollywood video, a friend tried to find a handsome hidden movie to watch a New Year holiday. I was looking through the takbir, "exercised" saw my eyes, and I looked down and caught it off and it seems to be a decent B-grade horror movie. The cover looked fairly well. The plot felt semi-interesting. So I rent it. What a mistake Do not fool by the cover, which actually looks modest. I think more money has been spent on cover artwork than the movie. This film follows two police detectives, who are following a voodoo-inspired, customary serial killer named "v Hunter" who are suppressing left and right victims in some unnamed cities (probably Los Angeles) and they are in the world <br/> <br /> <br /> Is the story a little better? Well, that's it, and this movie might be half decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything was ridiculous. The opening scene is a red carpet actress in a large, old cell phone that is trying to talk and for some reason, she goes out and talks to some people. Then, a shadow comes behind them, hacking off his head, the girl falls to the ground and starts crawling (for some reason) trying to dial 911. The sound ridiculous? Yes, you bet it. The whole movie seems to be portrayed in a VHS-quality camera, and I'm guessing it. The acting was mostly horrific, and special effects were far from reliable. And the scene of police officers on the phone was terrible - the sound of the other line was echo and it seems that someone is recorded in his bathroom. Everything about this movie was only amateur and tedious, and it was not for my long interest, and often I was often tired and tired due to bad acting and horror film. Panning was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> Overall, "set" is a failed attempt that might be a suitable B-movie. The plot was good and I think if this movie is managed well and it has a high budget then it may be okay. But this image fell flat on his face. If you are expecting something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. You can only tolerate the D-grade horror flicks are recommended. Otherwise, you probably want to stay away from this straight-to-video trash. It was a little likely, but it was beyond a mess. 1/10
