I wanted more two hours long movies. On the other hand, I wanted more American civil war movies about two hours long. "Gone with Win", "Gatesburg" - the length of which I came to expect; Although they had lasting entertainment for at least two hours; And even "gatisburg" was going on as long as it ran, because something happened in it. Against this <br /> <br /> And Lee's film did not appear. It actually seems to take more than two hours. That was not appreciated. It is not really different from any other form of sensory deprivation: At this time it seems that it will never end, then it seems that it did not take any time. <br /> <br /> The picture has been wrong, Paa's intermediate credits in the league are filled with the emerging footage (bad mistake), which is presented in some of the characters which we hate instantly and later hate it. The central two are Jack, the son of German immigrants, Lynchon's strong supporter and Jack, equally Stouche Saudernera whose price is shared by Jack. (I had to read this sentence again to make sure I could not write "Jack" at any time instead of "Jack".) Two are going to be "Bushwawakers" - South militia, who are so strongly repulsed and violent that they are the official South Army Can not even be bothered to join, I think they think for sissies. I'm afraid Lee has completely missed me. It is easy to feel empathized with moral errors: if they have some independent reasons, or think that we know them in any way, their moral flaws can take care of us even more. Not so here. We have not been properly presented with Jake for at least one hour; When we are, it becomes clear that he is a man with a pregnancy rib, who likes so much by habit, is not a collector - everyone who says and do all around what he says and does, whose psychology is completely immune to The person he is associated with is selfishly similar or positively bad. I did not find myself happy when I appeared on the North Carolina screen. I thought: Well- kill the rebels, finish the enemy war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> This problem is a terrible, horror dialogue. Everyone speaks the same southern accent. I've heard utterance from all over the English-speaking world and this is all about them the worst. I'm not careful when the Southerners really say that, it's not okay to tell the audience for two hours. And believe me, we can hear it for a full two hours: Lee's picture is a conversation, because the letters take a long time to talk about their inconsistent meaning, say-everything-three times, the vandalization drill. It will help if they talk quickly, but not much. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This image is a little smaller but a gallery of characters that do not have an internal life, which speaks in an offensive ugly mode. Speeches, those who are often involved in war, are not interested in them, who do not have enough bath. Good direction? Jewel was beautiful to look at, and so was the scenery. But I have even complained here. Cinematography, made nicely, looks like someone accidentally got black and white colorful film; And as the jewels, we were teased with his body, but in fact it does not allow me to focus on, which I think was at least we owe.
