** SPEAKER ** This was a ugly movie and I'm sorry that I saw it. Like John Cannon's Doberman, it's mostly due to poor editing - or due to its lack. The director loved his work so much that instead of spending the movie, he added the speed he watched, the footage he had shot together. There are probably two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them * Spliler * when Ben is impressive and the camera starts to tremble around him. That was cool - but okay, we got it! Please remove! The camera will not stop cutting around this guy! In the middle of this flood I have forgotten one or two more cool scenes, but the last conflict scene is not one of them! Unlike previous swords-handling scenes, shrouded masks are not unveiled - but the director did not find a stuntman that the unassailable but did not have the right to move in a similar way and made 80. Terror clashes in the clash of the sword! And from the same angle, I can add. The director will learn from the 1995 American Bullet-Train produced in Nizwa Cinema Huntade! I personally saw the village's umbrella scene as a tribute to previous generations of social workers, who faced police during the violent protests of college college. The fairness of the government's inappropriate and armed sections is being exploited neutrally in a situation where a message seems to be common in Japanese media due to the strong influence of political minority socialism and communists. Movie version of GTO and Pay Man Kintro are two other recent examples * Last Speaker * I do not understand. I do not understand why people can not say the language of this movie, so people appreciate it. Translation was the worst. <br /> <br /> - A different interpretation of the legendary fight between Shanao and Bennakayi - which has played a lot in marketing. But that legend is not the most popular among Japanese locals, and it is so different from contemporary themes, that for 138 minutes, visual tricks can be seen, who knows how the director wants to explain this story again! Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said that there was an unexpected tendency among new Japanese directors to ignore Japanese viewers and target their movies for foreign film festivals - to achieve international recognition quickly. It does not work, though it does not give any idea, because the kind of international film source that is being made in other countries of the world is to tell what kind of films they are watching in that country. Of course not like Gojoe and
