It was and a simple time (seventy France), an easy place (San Francisco), where a man can sometimes make a simple film about the sequence of the last dream and the re-crucifixion of mad psychoanalytic brains in women as acids. Flashbacks while having multiple ethnic intercultural sex workers regardless of financial liability or moral reactions <br /> <br /> This film is tedious, slow, annoying, the worst example of such motivated handicrafts school screen passed as Art in the middle of the 70's. And I love it! Once this train gets an endless slow motion zoom and heavy reversed echo chamber acet guitar leaks are destroyed, you will not be able to close your eyes to this ridiculous and stupid end. Like a cross between Jesus Christ Superstar, crossing the doll's valley, and a really painful acid trip to your child's bed with water. It is a great snapshot of the worst (or the best) elements of a train destroyed, completely attractive and B-grade seventy featureal movies. <br /> <br /> <br /> I will only tell you the plot because the cross-edited flashbacks will not be able to tell what is happening that might be such characters or It may not be that which may not be and the face is incredibly amazed about the growing image of industrial level miner balance, like the Hippie Fikk street theater performance. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a really annoying Iconcluster filmmaker and surrounded by mostly silent film crew. Always feel like acid drops and really bad orgies. There is a helpful introduction as to what Richard Dreyfus accountant feels like. The film crew seems to hate him for some reason and perhaps break him in painful humor. The title of "Suzanne" is a spacious pink space that stairs to the statue and gives comfort to the completely insane "artist" character. By the way, "artists" are going crazy. Is his hamfisted overacting or his incredible horror from the drawings. Of course all Susan certainly terrible nudes. There are some other characters shown randomly, chomping a cigar "Man" character. I think all the hot for suzanne. She has a monologue. I never knew what I could ever do with the story, only after that the "man" had to hate and you could not make movies without it. Have a mute girl. The silly girl closes at last I believe, incredibly stupid.
