"Bubbles" is a gay romo and Juliet attempt to narrate an Israeli and Palestinian story, though it comes to it through "friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". Characters such as letters and plot lines are shallow and trite. The movie seems to be broken in fluff and depth. On the one hand, an uninterrupted effort (in many examples), asking some small letters or even questions that invites the development of contradiction to contradiction and may answer, "Hey, we're here to make a poster for a rave against scholarship. Except the obvious absurdity of a line, it offers title as many ham-fisted signals A hole, and just as the movie is rebellious. On the other hand, Nazi labor camp followed the main trend of the movie for the depths of lovers following a presentation of "Bent" in a camp of Shibir. The stage scene is curious, it has reduced its lover's power (can realize the limitations of the film's time, but it can still be edited with a better effect) and the rest of the film shines brightly. very bad. This game is very good. <br /> <br /> There are also a few cartoon characters in the letters and even the full name of the telegraph (although the word seems inappropriate here). Golal Brigade's cricketer's offensive soldier is called "Golan". Militant Palestinian name "Jihad" Challenging-for-Chik Phagag roommate "Lulu". Anyone familiar with the checkpoint and life in Palestine, real-life or documentary, whether checkpoint scenes will be weirdly unreasonable? Well, this fluffy left the imagination. When Palestinian women took the fastest record in the record, Israeli soldiers were encouraged and helpful, in a few minutes an ambulance was seen. (The outcome of birth is to show Palestine's Israeli benefit and even plain deviations as inappropriate.) Together, the checkpoint is shown as unrest, not a series of bodily atrocities, suicide, medical services or requirements in the case of births, deaths, or serious illness. Palestinian boyfriend Ashraf thinks there is no problem with Nabulus to Tel Aviv, no papers, no trouble. He shows whenever he likes. When the Israelis want to go through it, there is more to the challenges involved with a plan worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of beautiful, supportive Israelis and Western gay Palestinians, we are moving towards a proposal that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose? Except for a painstakingly dramatic instrument for sympathy for banned lovers. <br /> <br /> Gayle-Israeli-Palestinian romance "Salam / Shalom" has been run with many skills and depth so that this film is rarely groundbreaking as some people want to think. <br /> <br /> Pretty bad movie ?? Like Ed Wood's work - there are some interesting curiosity to differentiate between them. This is one that's not going for it. Most soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunk, and even the strange Olympiacos touch gay sex scenes, the general inconsistency in this film is going on in a medieval TV-movie-week-week.
