How nice. Seeing this movie today, you can not help in the film's writing. Spencer Tracey and Loreta Young played a couple, who can be considered to have a sick and objectionable relationship at "Jerry Springer Show" in modern times ... and vaguely, the author seems to support it! <br /> <br /> The picture is starving and homeless with Lorreta, but the poor but very wealthy Spencer Tracy is showing the rope. He showed him how you can work very well with a little money and take him to his home to stay at home. They never marry or never make it clear - and considering it a pre-coded movie, you can assume that they are not coaching. Their relationship is very weird ... and rather sick. When you can see that Tracy is aware of her by her actions, she is verbally abusive and total quarrel --- and Young is coming back for more like some dogs. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and these are the ways to use her love, in a sick way! Later, when he began to fool another woman (Glenda Férell), she tells her friend that if she wants to be right with her !!! It sure smacks of a Saddam-mesocultural relationship and you can not help but feel a little scared. Sure, he did not hurt him but the relationship is very abusive. When the young man becomes pregnant, it shows that "this is your child and it is mine, but you do not need to worry, I will take all the blame for it" !! Dad! Do not think a little like this all looking through a peephole in a sick and unusual home?! Later, in order to imitate the art of art, Tracy proves that she and some people disappear. After all, he can not be understood with a baby - even if it's her. However, he decided to return home by changing his mind. Wow ... his bit! And, when she comes back, she's nasty and she works if she does, she is not forced to care for the kids !! And, she tells him that she is "free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was tears in this soft moment ... no! Soon, these crazy couples are married ... and, naturally, the young have become frustrated because they seem to be there for as long as they are suitable for them - not because of feelings of love or responsibility. So how can you retrieve something with this sick character? What do you want to do Well, for writers, they've been robbed for help with Tracy soon! Romantic aspects of the film are shocking to say least! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a slap - does not do much to get the warning to be caught - for example he hoped to send a prisoner secretly. And, to show what kind of a beautiful man he is, the man who tries to loot him is his best friend. <br /> <br /> There is more to the film, yet Tracy is a blur and an ass of young film. Although both are very good actors, the authors are not able to do anything to make that bad thing. Nice music, nice set, good acting ... and a script which is 100% P. How this image is currently rated 7.4 out of me and I am surprised that anyone can disregard the true horror of characters. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you get a backbone in this movie or at least a strong person, you are surprised, but no answer! In the end, he did not learn anything and did not change one white for good. <br /> <br /> They are sure that they do not use such movies ... and in this case ... thank God!
