can have spoilers !!!! So I saw this movie LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) last night, which is not known to show quality movies. This movie is awesome! I'm still surprised that I saw the whole thing, it was terrible. Could this movie have no more stereotypes? (Javassi is losing her mother who wants to be a doctor, a Catholic family with a priest's son, a big crucifixion in every room shown in Catholic families, a comedy of "bad" people, who is really heartfelt, incredibly bad country language). I have never heard of this movie before, and I have watched Pollack and Corin's name in Charlee, and I have decided to stay awake till 4 o'clock. However, the only redemption thing in this movie is the beauty of Amazing Amusement I think Polesax and Nemek have played fine, but they have a great script to work with. Like other critics who comment on the lack of pronunciation of Texas (this film will be held in Austin and very few people have a conflict) I think the pronunciation was there (Mary Margaret date and supports letters as John) and was unnecessary. They were very very bad. I am very tired of pronouncing a "southern" in Hollywood, the word is not the word that is pronounced. And it was supposed to be held in Austin and shooting film in 1991, it was not expensive, so I was completely expected that the city's familiar shots should be: Beautiful Capitol Building, Youtube Tower Winning for football, etc. There was no such thing. Also, it takes about 5-6 hours to get to Austin from Mexico. At one point in the movie, Michael and his attire were closed to lose their virginity in Mexico and were able to turn it off in the dark (during the summer and early fall, it does not get dark in the night of 9 o'clock or so), spent time drunk in Mexico and sex with Mexico Relationships (any other kind?) Whores, and then return to Austin by dawn. This is theoretically possible when it is not very likely. And if someone starts school in the mountain country (usually in the third week of August, but it may happen in September 1960) they know that they will not be able to wear their letter jackets unless they want to get out of heat stroke !!!! ! It is 90+ degrees in Austin and September and the surrounding areas. No body temperature will be stupid to wear sweaters or private jackets not only at school for the first day. All in all, made for TV movie experience is a very bad one.
