Karen (Bobby Phillips) mentions that one of his children comes out of his hair with a boring joke, he will not survive this trip ... boy, will he ever get the money? Karen is a school teacher who has taken her group of children from Shelley College of Historical Studies to the dirty ugly locals of Ireland's main dung-hip run-down manar. Surely the senses in this country are more happy than this ?! Manar's caretaker, Gary (Simone Peckock) warns Karen and her students not to stay on the road and to travel between forests. There is a mythological story about the Sunei Bean Clan, which is celebrated in a religiously brutal cannibalist family (the end of summer, October 31) that celebrates the "festival of the dead" where self-sacrifice is needed for the joy of the soul. Gary is supposedly apologetic, his cousin Pandora (Ada Lyn Allen) tells us because he was born in the same way. Funny, because he certainly does not see results well or even gives the right advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who do not go wrong from the way) and do not even see their terrible fate. We are going to listen to this father-in-law, that too much of the inbreeding victim. Its face is similar to a perverted mushroom and it is like a terrible rejection from a Mad Max picture. It does not take much time before killing every "bad reproduction". Paul (Howard Rosenstein) Karen's love interest, who made a wrong decision in Ireland without his girlfriend's prior knowledge. <br /> <br /> The awesome formula Slashar is not deviated from the norm. It sounds aloud in unreasonable budgets and letters have to be killed for killing assembly lines and killing them in a normal way. Most of the violence spread rapidly across the screen without much shelter on the victims of their reproductive death. Quickly pulling a lot of pieces during quick cut of quick editing as a visual scene. Showing a gorgeous nude body for a moment or two, it is not encouraging to recommend it. Phil Price is really annoying trickster character, Steve is often shedding bad jokes .. Hottie has no reason because I will stand such an opportunity for no reason because he is able to get Barbara nude in the shower for some action. Brandy-Anne Milant's chef has a fortune, calm maiden smart girl (who is very hot) we know that it will be selected by the survival screenplay. Genoa James drops enough to spend her breasts in the heart (at least we open her breast before she opens her chest), along with a few lines she is looking for two missing friends. The main problem of the film is the development of stories and characters that push forward to the strike because it realizes that none of them are very interesting, so the director Christian Vieille simply gives the opportunity to run very fiercely due to the assassination of his monster, a complete cast in almost a failed whistle within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Giro closed the way to the tent camp with his dog, a small opening cam, as a hunter.
