In 1914, Charlie Chaplin started making pictures. These were made for Mac Sannettes (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally transferred to succession quickly. Short comedy had very little structure and was completely libbed to the ad. As a result, they were popular in their days, but movies were horrific by today's standards. Many of them tolerate a strong similarity to home cinema mugging objectionable relatives properties for the camera. Many people show that the camera is filling in front of the camera and not doing much. And, regardless of the results, Keystone sent them their direct theater. Keystone films with Chaplin were very successful. I think Chaplin's career is the only challenge we love and love Chaplin. Tendency By 1915 he was signed with a new profitable agreement with the Academy Studios and dramatically improved films as Chaplin's director. However, sometimes these films were very rough and were not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin is still evolving as a tricky Little Trump. When he went to the Mutual Studio in 1916, his films improved again and he became a more recognizable person - he was just blurred in many previous films (mostly drunken, beat up women, fiercely fought, innocent people, etc.). The final evolution of the classic status of his Little Trunk was due to his full-length films in the 1920s. <br /> <br /> It is very interesting that this film is called about 200 minutes of love because this movie is about 10 minutes! Well good Plot, what's a little, involved Little Tramp in the park. A couple wants to neck but unknowingly, Charlie is virtually sitting on the coupling of the couple and really insists on their boring. I do not understand why and this guy in this little Charlie Park and after some time the film is annoying. Probably he was looking for a trio, I do not know. But the film is not incompatible and it is not particularly funny - even when people silence each other and push each other towards the lake. A common poor effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
