After all, I want to say that I love the "Ladies Man" graduation SNL. I always smile laughing with Leon Phelps's team midos. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature-length movie. Leone is showing his show and making obscene remarks to the audience and coming out with all the categories for his show, such as "The Ladies Man Presentation ..." which is absolutely smiling at the memorials of "Alfred Hittkók Presentation ..." There is a great episode where Cameron Diaz plays Monica Leivinsky and Leon plays the bill and they are known as "The Oral Offices". See, it's funny! <br /> <br /> We do not see Leone much in this film. In fact, he kicked off almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his quest for true love, a mystery letter that closes in his houseboat, signed by "Sweet Thing". Carllan Persson, who is famous for playing Hillary at "the new Prince of Bel Air", he worked with Shoke and made secret crashes in Lyon. The film simply throws up a boring mistress after another. And gags are annoying as well. For the first time we mentioned the word "wang" to lion. When he used to over again, trying to laugh at all, the joke had dried up. Most of the joker that he uses in the film are we hear beforehand, and work better on SNL sketches and play tired for whole hours and twenty-five minutes. They even tried to insert a musical number from Will Ferrell and his Gad of Lady's Man Hatterers, who all want to annihilate him because their wives had a relationship with him to bring some life to this intelligent comedy. Ferrell has some funny moments, and otherwise tries to best out the unfunny role. Ferrell has just that unique comic genius, and he's almost certain he's funny. Even Julian Moore gets a camio. Look at her, you will not be surprised "What is this Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie ?? !!!! His name was not mentioned in the inaugural credit - perhaps by his consent. And of course this theme includes love yourself in a movie master, Billy de Williams. Billy di is always a charismic, but even in this film enough life can not breathe. I must also add that the soundtrack is full of soft and endless hits, which damages the film even more, it gives a terrific downbeat tone - like if the script is not quite annoying. I mean, this "supposedly" to be a comedy. Soundtrack was like some "love jones." <br /> <br /> "Ladies Man" is just a drunk smile. There is an exception to the SNL can produce a great movie out of a minimal sketch. Check out both "Wayne World" movies, and you'll see how it's done. But the film shows flip side such as adaptation of the character of Mary Catherine Gallagher to screen the screen in "Superstar". Some sketches are remembered in SNL, not on silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
