I used to review Joe Bob Briggs legend "We Amazing" newsletter for the video. I saw most stinkers, but this was the worst, and the year was not kind - it remains the most pornic pain against the movie I have ever witnessed. Do not make me wrong - CAGED TERROR is usually more technically capable, say, monitor-a-go-go or a GUY from Harlem or something like that. My claim is what makes me as the worst movie ever, which is a unique blend of inefficiencies with an integral tendency. This is a Vietnam commentary? An environmental protest? Race riot is a stimulus? Man is a study of inhuman people? Padding Nature Footage is a novel exercise (approximate) feature length? In a nutshell: A hip young urban professional (possibly sometimes the most loathesome screen character) seduces a young Asian-American partner in camping with someone with him. After having beaten him with a Kosi-philosophical rope for more than an hour, he ran across two terrible veterans, unforgettable Jarvis (a devout brother) and Traudauur (the guitar-Tinting Mansion family refused). Hey, a plot twist! Think of it! Action! Suspense! Well, no, just a climatic lock-in-non-Ashfight-wire-chicken-kope-and-lightly-belted scene. The detainees of the suspects and the rebels were shamelessly trapped, "no ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis trudodorake addressed as "troubey" every two minutes, remember that Juan Picker pod is public aliens There is nothing so much as the star. That all happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a summary probably seems almost tolerant of it. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and it's stuck, I've seen it for the past eight years, it's pretty bad. (I pop it up in the old VCR every two years or just reassure myself and reassure myself.) I think that the material that CAGED TEROR creates is especially hate: very rarely and even though a little bit happens Very weak and quite slowly, which in reality makes it compulsively unwanted, that the filmmakers really can suddenly realize that in reality you Want to snatch any kind of message down the throat. But CAGED TERROR is so inefficient and ineffective, because the intention of the civic lesson is to become a crash course in acute pain. This film seems like 75 minutes long and three and a half hours. It's terrible, really terrible indeed. Friends, believe me, I've seen the ghosts that are still running and this is worse. See it! You will thank me and curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: (CAGED TERROR but probably never) "Yeah, well, maybe you think that the Solomon song was the metaphorical form of Christ's love for the church ...!" (Note: Concerted condoms should be supplied in a voice.)
