I have seen several positive reviews on this board, trying to revive this movie from its unforeseen condition and start following one of the following. I see the usual ranting - "I guess this movie is not easily offended for," "guess this movie is not Shakespeare," etc. What else? Was not "road trip"! And I laughing a ** one of my time during that movie! There is a way to provide a crude, tasteless comedy and smile; And there is a way ... just make it crude and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to "swingers" without intelligence or intelligence. It looks like a picture of a 14-year-old boy. For God, the characters of this movie are considered white collars, honest citizens - and they talk like some pagan scholars who know the new year in high school! The conversation has become frustrating - with four more drowning characters. You will think that people in their location have some intelligence - and more comprehensive vocabulary. Just watch a Whitley Steinman film and you'll see the difference. Not to mention that the conversation sounds completely unrealistic and neutral cartoonish. If you talk like a successful, white collar businessman in this movie, please let me know and introduce me to them. In their annoying sex adolescents, the equivalent of chat in the standard locker room among young people. There is absolutely no insight on relations, gender or anything !!! This is a poor excuse for displaying an extremely awesome array - and do not accept the word "extremely" to allow, because all my heart-crude mess means. This is gags with any substance. Gags that are meant more for groans than smile The last scene between Amanda Pett and his friends was completely unrecognized and totally unrestrained. There are some films that involve women interacting directly between women (directly) and women who play surprisingly. This scene involved a dam of sexual metaphor and gesture. This is a conversation that you can not imagine leaving a woman's face. It was one of the goals-Li-non-people scenes. I did not believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Strap" is quite boring as it is rich in rich male fantasy which is rich. I (too) a few smiles from this completely forgotten comedy, and those were probably a result of frustration. When you do not smile for long periods, you desperately look for humor in the most trivial thing. So I will not be marked that as a positive.
