Being a musician, I think it may be fun to perform a movie in a maintenance. I rarely know ... (This movie was not based on a book by Britney Spears) It was impossible throughout the film. It is clear that anyone who wrote the script never keeps track of any maintenance and does not know anything about classical music. Let me give just a few examples: 1) No classical conservatory can be admitted without any classical training! Not only is it nice to have a nice pop voice, as well, it's a completely different thing - another type, different techniques. It's like playing volumes while applying for a viola class. 2) How was the song navigation of female music theory? If she is not a singer professor herself, then she would not speak in such a situation, and if she is a professor singing, why did not we say that? 3) If you are the master in music then being able to read music is a necessity. 4) How could Angela keep the video tape? The jury was kept secret only. Now he has got a tape from a professor or script writer, he has no source. What I'm thinking ... 5) Gaying Professor Holly Carmen's song said that she had "range", which she definitely did not do. Yes, he was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezo-saproen, when Holi's voice seems to be very light in the chamber, which is not compatible with the song. 6) Worst: When the classical music arrives, the movie does not just show a frustrating ignorance, but it does not even try to hide it. Angela's anthem has been separated from recognition, an event that is impressively fascinating, impressive, where it becomes smaller in an insulting way - Mozart will enter his grave. Carmen's Habanera sometimes seemed a bit weird and the picture that rearranged it eventually shows how much the producers really think about classical music - it's tough and annoying but hey, add some drum and electric guitars and it's almost as Britney Spear! I know these little details, but it was so easy to avoid a little bit of research. However, I could choose to suspend my disbelief and the plot was well elaborated. But still, I can not find any beneficial qualities in this movie without any concessions: it is good for laughing.
