I was surprised when I heard that they were finally making this horrific event in the movie. The whole era (southern California in the 1980s) and subject matter (drug and pornography) are inspiring to me. I'm sure it will hit a sure fire. I was not thrilled with the choice of Keller's Holme, they did not look at each other as physical looks or methods. I think he sells tickets? However, I was willing to ignore it and give it a fair shot. I was a little disappointed that on the first day of the show I was like four people in the whole theater. Now it's hard to tell the whole crime and story in the picture, I will admit. There was no witness to this very violent and brutal act. John Holles was there, but he is a patient liar and he is worried about what will happen to his family (and self) if he talks to the police about him. In reality, Hollus did not testify what really happened and the crime was not solved. So this was still really a great mystery, a mystery that is not something to throw light in this movie. The person writing screenplay was completely considered and most of the major characters died. However, there is no real story, it is fragmented. Try to make the calf thin thin up the paper by overacting the script and overacting the actors. This photo does not give any insight to Holles or other people involved. Kilmer's character is invisible for a long stretch, his girlfriend is soft, police joke. Even Kudrow tries hard to see a flimsy role significant. It's a very shallow piece and brave I'm saying, annoying. The director even tried to turn it into a love story. Which is beautiful, unless you know anything about what was a piece of trash John Holmes really did. Perhaps some of Anderson's "Boogie Knights" philosophy can help here. "Boogie Knights" was innovative and exciting all the time. On the other hand these pictures were flat and without any real charm or style. Even the song went out, in 1980, Duran Duran was played in a scene where Gordon Lightfoot is there? Gordon Lightfoot? A great movie can be made based on this great event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen a decent one yet (if you do not consider Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Night).
