I have never realized why some people dislike Bollywood movies: they got the artist, the number of extraordinary dance numbers and the high level of emotions - do not want to like it? I did not realize that I saw the top crust of Bollywood. Then I saw "hot masala". From the first scene I can say that it is not a movie that I'm going to like (this movie is compatible with two models of cars around two cities and with open model openings), but I hope the things will keep improving. Sorry, they are not. The main problem is that the two titles, Mac and Sam, are totally disrespectful. They lied to the whole film about women - and told lies - ordered them to reach their beds, and the audience should find these comedies, and were supposed to be charming. The boys are dishonest and inactive, and not a lovable way. Mac could go so far to treat one of the women to avoid the discovery of fraud. The script is extremely poor, iterative scenes, setups that never lead and unreasonable actions and statements by letters. In fact, the letters are not really improved at all. Men are violent, greedy jerk, and women are just fine in return. If you go through this movie, you think that "air hostesses" is easy to pass from people to humans. Actually, betrayal is not so ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot found in the movie was a dance number, which had a bright set, and French-Fars, a few crystal moments including the door-slam aspects of the story. However, Bollywood dance dances can be enjoyed well in the choreographed films by Farah Khan, and for the crystal, you will go to the silent curiosity of Harpreet Keithon and Harold Lloyd, who does not believe the writer / director will be influenced by Priyacharan. The favorite of the story is to accept false credits, not to see the story: From the 1960 play "Boing Boing" the theoretical basis of the plot was stolen. The original author of that work, Mark Camoletti, is nowhere to be deposited. At least in the 1982 edition, at least in the same story with the credit, Priodaran changed the title to this achievement. (According to the IMDB's credit list.)
