Based on the average short story of the awesome author Stephen King, the 'Slippers', the ancient and immortal cats, who suck their life from virginity so that they can survive this power so that they have the supernatural power - they themselves "which means they disappear." And make a miracle to make people fool. We have run away for human beings for centuries and each other has been chosen because we are left alone. When the image begins, a beautiful mother and her son reach a sleepy town, they end up sleeping sleeping and they are coral on feed for virginity. Mother sends his son to enroll in a local child so that he can find a virgin, he (Maden Amic) and earns money to try to get him alone so that he can suck her dry. It can not be cleaned because the girl can not find the virgin - it will be easier to make it easier, because the teenage boys follow an adolescent girl who thinks that an old beautiful woman is more suitable than following an isolated area. But the girl is behind a pencil jab near her ear, even though her plans are destroyed. The police are called and searched! The boy is ill due to his injury and so the mother hits his son and kills the left and right policeman to kill the girl and tries to catch a painful ornamental fish in Gore. Finally, the movie ended the movie, This movie is garbage! Acting variable, excellent Alice Krige from the average Brian Cruise The special effects are average, and show some initial computer effects that are silently attractive, because they show how much improvement has taken place in such a short time. The direction was lost and the image fell into the camp. The director feels that the film can become violent if we suspect that we will be asleep or sympathetic towards them and if they suspect. Stephen King created a hilarious comedy like a hugely bustling garden like Mark Hamille. Alice Crège seems to be on the shoulder, her character has depth and it is a good screenplay and more importantly the picture can indicate.
