So there's a "Vampire Month" on the Chills Network, I'm such a dark, but I like the vampire. So they showed that after a few duds I was quite frustrated, but then I noticed that Steven was writing Sleepwalkers by King. So I go ahead and check it out, my surprise was very good, this movie was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are entertaining and some very scary. When the slipwalkers were bad, it was a pretty kind of bad. I spent a good time laughing to this movie and took it for it. I have never read the sleepwalkers, which I have realized it's the only real vampire story of King, so I can not really compare to the book. I know it was not just my tv, but Sleepwalkers looked like it made for TV. The special effect was authentic and the story was brought a little far, even if it was a fantasy, it was very difficult. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary Vampire who stopped the lives of virgin women. They are far more stable than humans and have both telecommunications and illusion power. One of their weaknesses cats, who are not able to see them through their illusions, but their feet can have serious fatal deadly harmful effects. They maintain a cruel relationship. Charles and Mary took shelter in a small Indiana town. Charles attended the local high school, and there he met Tania Robertson in his creative writing class. Tania does not doubt the real reason why Charles wants her so much; Her mother, who took her life force for the hungry. Initially, it seems that Charles Tania was loved. However, on their first date, a picnic in a nearby cemetery, Charles tried to eliminate life force from Tania while her kissing. As it happens, deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who tried to speed up Charles, was running graveyards and Charles did not notice the car. When Tania ran to help him, Charlie grabbed Andy and killed him. Charles began his resumption of life when Deputies left the cat, Clovis, Tania, climbed on this occasion and killed Charles almost crushing his face and chest. Clovis seriously injured, Charles Mary staggers back home. Mary then seek revenge on Tania's family. <br /> <br /> To add this movie, you need to overflow the cheese. Charles is the first time to attack Tania in a scene where you can vote for Charles, the most troubled woman in Tania's horror films. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots it in a police car and in some way the whole thing explodes, God blesses the Hollywood blasts and is very much blessed. I'm taking the movie for it, it's so funny that it has turned into a dark comedy for me that I can enjoy fun. I'm not sure what Steven King wanted to see for his story, but his film has his ideal camo. So if you look at this movie, just accept my suggestion for it and do not think it's a harmless effect for creating cat cats from Simpson's conversations, bad casting, a silly story and stupid entertainment with enough cats. "Wow, that's a lot of cats". <br /> <br /> 4/10
