I agree with some of the other comments and even proceed to a step. <br /> <br /> There is nothing at all about this picture, absolutely nothing. Delmar decides to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant in our central character but to fall for a wise alien jailbird. At the same time, her friend Hartens is finally trying to get her lawyer lover to marry her. He also hates Marlon sleeping, who is in love with her. Then there is Delmar's brother Jethro who has been involved in the addiction of former coke, Miss, who is sexually assaulted by his adopted father. Besides, we also have a consortium of intelligent friends, of whom one dies at the beginning of the movie. So much better but after introducing lines of characters and stories by addressing life, death, sadness and love in the first letter, the film only loses its guidance. <br /> <br /> If the author had selected one or two letters and allowed us to follow the story, maybe everything was okay, but all were given the same screen time, which resulted in no complete story or character. Advanced For example, Delmar thinks why he will be able to hand over his child in exchange for money, especially when potential parents are suddenly a troubled lawyer and his half-hearted and depressed wife? Why is Hertans so frustrating that a man does not want to marry and clearly love him? How Mississippi is managed to kick his coke practice overnight night? Are JETRO's attracted to women with regular problems, or is Miss Aussie? Dellmar and Jethro's mother are always wondering, or is it a recent development? Why is he so interested in Cathilax that he is in the middle of his own house? Why did Moses spend years in prison to steal the car, a relatively small crime? There is no proposal for Delmar's sexual relationship when the birth of Moses's child ends? <br /> <br /> These questions have been published on screenplay but sadly never answered. I could only answer them in the original novel, and for this reason the author felt the need to include it in this script. Big mistake Several subplots, especially the Horrorens and Marlon tales, which did not add anything to the overall film, have diminished, and Delmar, Zethrow and Moses characters will give more time to further develop, those plots and underlying themes are clearly more central than anyone else. . <br /> <br /> Add to this the most pedestrian-style style seen outside of the soap opera, and as a result, it has the best chance of climbing the material with the jersey fox. I'm not surprised that this director's last film seems to have been because the effort does not have the ability to tell a visual style or a running and intelligent story.
