Others said, this movie is not rock. I found it really annoying and stupid. The story is about this metal high school kid who is this really bad heavy metal singer statue. The singer dies, but before making an ending album on the radio before making the midnight of Halloween (which will actually make it November 1, a very effective date to be sure). A copy of the kids gets a copy and it contains hidden hidden back-game messages. This is a key that opens the door so that bad metal singers can actually bring anger and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror film, but a school of specials. We see child children (exotic) tormented over by popular kids. And she fails to learn the most important lessons of high school film: When cold kids threaten you, suddenly invites you to a party, do not go! It's a trap. Especially if it is a pool party Anyone is surprised at the end of the water ?? It was the school of special special that I was waiting to teach Melissa Su Anderson to listen to Jodie Foster. <br /> <br /> So come back to the horror of the film. So instead of using this metal child to get some power and instead of killing the rape boys (which gained more knowledge), he becomes frustrated and tries to protect from the loss of all boys and girls. What? A sensitive hero? What is that fun of a horror movie? Best of luck, Carey White did not follow this lesson. He actually tried to play music for Halloween dance, which is the music that expresses the ability to kill all the children near him. If it was, I would keep that music, and the prototype. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie was going on inside the city, whose image was trying to kill the terrible metal star. Why not partner with him and really some damage. Why are you asking It seems that he is in love with one of the popular girls and does not want to hurt him. This is suitable for Molly Ringwald film. Is this an awesome film or an episode of beauty and seeds? The movie goes on just at this time, and with no scares, horror, or observer value. If you go to high school in the late 80's, this movie is fun and fun to make a flashback to big hair, but it is for this movie. Leave it and stay home and hear some KISS.
