By creating this film, Antonioni took the role of Father Smurf, he is a member of all the small-haired American, fundamentalist student-smaraf. He took them under the guise of their European Communist Wings protection, showed perception and support for their misguided American approach. (These smears wear red and blue, not on the other hand.) Radical monsters were happy to get directions from a gray-headed wise old man, who regularly lenin communist to God of all long hair smarts - another wise old man whose bearded monkeys raised him more seriously, Because it was a bit emblematic, even though they did not know that it was such a profound rhetoric on them To rabhaba saw why. Castro, another bearded person, has often benefited from this confusion and has cleansed the witch's power with his beard on his innocent foreign supporters. (Che Guevara can not be mentioned that there is a certain Jesse-ne-sais-pass-quai about the beard, does anyone want to embrace Marx and his lovely, pacifist teachings immediately ??) The film basically basically defiles the word "confused" Fundamentalist students participating in the dialogue. A blind-folded dog is confused as a high-fall building collapse in an underground pit. Suddenly, the film's "hero" (well, the protagonist of Antonio's) stood up and said something to his benevolent leftist colleagues and then this exhibition of "mega-coolness" will improve his image of James Dean and the next mass of Hippie orgy will make his chances stronger Being laid with "girls". Finally he gets into trouble with the police (such as the pig) in a rally, and the movie under blue American capitalist skies, looking for freedom ?? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antononii's anticipated attack on capitalism is not only the wise hollow, but there are (or did) offer to give something new; This is just the same old trigger-happy one-dimensional police, merchants discussing business merchants (and what's wrong, how do the antennir films are made?), And advertisements for TV advertising billboards and billboards advertise ads hateful, selfish and greedy The harmful products for right-wing people are themselves, their families, their jobs, and their children Do not worry about the guys. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In the late 60's, Smears and Smarfets failed to see the most obvious and important aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to have their laughable meetings And their anti-opposition views were published freely in that institution, the leftist system of the countries they are not admired, (and still not). The most ridiculous about Hippie - and Antonio naturally failed to grasp it (his judgment was being banned by cocaine-snoating and LSD's excessive eating) - it was the hippies of the garbage-capital of capitalism. This is an incredible irony. Only successful capitalist system, you can find species called "species"; A spoiled, ungrateful and selfish group of victims of middle-class and upper-middle class classes. <br /> <br /> The picture is going on forever. Antonioi takes it with her sweet time, while with a high degree of diminutiveness, with a high flexibility factor. His effort in symbolism is annoying and trite. His statement is very good, suspicious. This image is Antonio's statement that the solution to the violent revolution is. And what we got from an old, saturated, dirty-rich, fat-filmmaker who lives in villas and dines at the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I think Western films about Tiananmen massacre of thousands of major Chinese students But when Chechen fired a Western student in front of us in front of the face of Guevara, we got ten big films together. Do I think that a Chinese life is a thousand times less than the West? At least left-wing hypocrites who oppressed the film. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist Neo-Hippie and hate this terrible review, please click "No" below.
