This film is certainly a product of its time and can be seen in any context, this is an incredible stupid film. Hack, even in its proper context, it is quite bad !! In most cases, it is a foolish plot and by the famous Italian director, Michellejo Antonioi, due to self-love. In this case, he tried to add an artistic style film with the film of an artist, Hippie, and succeeded in creating the Gorgantuan proportion of bombs. <br /> <br /> This movie starts a rap session where many "students with it" are "power to the people" and these platyuids are sitting close to complaining about this "man". Most of the hippies seem to have sent their parents to their colleges, that these special kids looked somewhat foolish for such allegations and allegations of revolutionary Jagannath. After a while, violence between students and "establishment pigs" broke and a police killed. Our "hero" Mark, may or may not do this, but he is forced to avoid prosecution. Instead of moving to Mexico or Canada, he will only die in total - steals an airplane and flies in the Moosev desert! There, he meets an incident cock and they sit around philosophizing for hours. Then, they are sex in a weirder sex scene in movie history. They are almost torn in dust, suddenly where other couples come from and have a huge orgy scene. When you see some skin (an R-rating warranting), it is not clear if it can be. In fact, it is so long lasting and so it seems that dance music is just bugging the mind. And of course, when they end, many couples become extinct in thin air. <br /> <br /> Wonderfully, the couple then painted the plane with some help and it shows a lot like the creation of Peter Mac. In spite of the improvements in the flat face, the evil police responded to the return of his plane by a wonderful revolutionary shooting. When the girl finds out, she is in a semi-kitty and the film ends with breaking up of her own fascist pigs parents and their temples (such as hard work and responsibility) that break. Instead of a normal blast, you explode about 8 times in the same universe. Then, invincible, you see TV, fridge and other things burst at slow speed. During the cell phone, rather than looking at it - like David Letterman likes playing or pushing things in his show. <br /> <br /> In addition to a Dopplight Plot, the film requires a strong choice of single choice character as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed at some speed - especially since all the plots or dialogs are not really there. The bottom line is that it is not surprising to be an incredibly mobile phone and listed on Harry Medved's "fifth worst movie" book. It's a good combination of crap to this pantheon. A crime for so much money-making movies to spend so much money to produce such a famous movie! <br /> <br /> Two final observations If you would like to smile on stupid Hippie movies, try looking for the Jack Jack trial. Also, in the case of industry, lead, lead, Mark Freit played his character in real life. He died in jail a few years after being part of "revolution", in which he and some friends looted a bank and killed innocent person. Dang hippies !!
