Pure, unexpected failure requires a lesson ?? Do not see anything more than "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", an unstable, dirty-poor, flashing. We all know, the modest moovies tend to sprout horrible, horrible descendants: "Halloween" was born many, many worse slasher flicks of 80; Many of "Mad Max" were born, 80 of the "prediction fantasy fantasy" Flex; And "Canaan the Barbarian" was born entirely of a terrible, horrific, incredibly bad 80's sword-and-museum. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scraps under 80 barrels, which is actually Barrel's insulting. A young man named Simon recovered his "good kingdom" from an evil magician with the help of a maggie rog, a garden gown, an inferior bimbo mermaid, and a tired looking, pudgy bo Svenson. Savenson ("North Dallas Foli", "Ingolaryas Bastards", "Delta Force"), long time B-movie muscles, its aluminum foil swords can not swim. However, he led the evil forces to defeat, which included the evil magician, "Churka" and his army with the monsters, giant and leftistically decorated. At one stage, a paper attack on a string attack, but is eaten by a 1/2 hidden shock doll, is pitifully presented as a kind of dragon. At the beginning of the film, the cutting edge of bad films can be described simply as a bit of visible scenes from the floor of the house, stitched together in hopes of reducing the film scene, and some people very freely described will not be seen again. Words can not accurately reveal the jaw demeanor of this movie; The producers probably used Moore Mulla to feed the evergreen gullets of Savenson, rather than this flick's chessy FX. And we are speaking here, here Brie, the folk ...: = 8 P. Director Hector Oliver ("Barbarian Quinn") presents this mish-mash in a vague, confused, and clichehed method, destroying any possible hint of clear, linear stories Do it. Acting is a tired clinic after acting parade before terrifying eyes, shoes-strings down, and the plot of our tired eyes. That's what they actually created a seagull (!!!) MooCow's brain rotation. James Horners ("Bravo", "Titanic", "The Rock") "Star Bounce of the Stars" was overthrown, screaming and kicking Chess mausiac and drawing on this turbulent form - it came out of his resume No Folks, you will see this to believe it. MooCow says as a cheap fare when there is nothing else to look at, well, it's much more fun than looking at the dancer's companion. Barely : = 8P
