What we have here is a mere brilliant part of the inefficiency of 80 which will give the trash-movie absolutely stupid and even the biggest identity! "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and delicious fantasy / sward-of-sorority adventure which does not have any real plot, but indifferently and shamefully disturbs the elements of other movies. The author Ed Naha and Hector Olliar (who?) Saw enough similar movies that they felt the need for some of the characters needed, but perhaps others would follow the rest automatically. To create a fantasy of your need: A very evil villain (especially with a black cape), a young hero of training, the only fighter, the pet of a kind, a living living (optional) and the hated giants in an intelligent forest. Serve as a full color collection, slave slavery, and filling gargoyles fillers. This story is extraordinary and so original, it is incredible and realistic to kill Shimon by killing young Sukrak and defeating Shimrak with Shimra power to flee Simon from his deposed state. Simon wants to go back and save the people, but during his escape, he lost his strong ring. Simon is the only warrior friend in friendship (usually Bo Sawenson, who is the cold father who obviously feels the need for pay check), who helps Simon with the long journey, dangerous encounters and witch breakdowns. Passively it does not sound too far too far, but it's just because I've omitted all the tasty unknown information. For example, a good friend named Simon Golphax. Golf is an Albino version of Chewbacca and whenever he opens his puddle-graduation open evokes chuckles for obscure things. While returning to work, the barriers work as a padding footage to cover irrelevant and lack of real content from "intrigue". Simon has an attitude of night under a suspicious forest tent, the core has fixed old scores with Nemesis face, whose sister refused to marry, and perhaps there is a horrible 'suicide cave' where you can only go out of your way. But the absolute greatest infinite bright sequence ?? Not just this movie but in the history of the movie ?? Four zombie fighters involved in the resurrection. Simon's legends awoke courageous fighters, hoping that they will help them in their war, but the rotating bodies will take a few steps, complain about how tired they are and they will return to their graves. That's it! So much for zombie sub plot! Best order ever! I could go to the list of many more unintentional ridiculous for many paragraphs, but you get the idea. "Lost Kingdom Wizards" is a vaguely upgraded "So-Bad-It-Good" film. Suggestion sound: Do not look at this fun piece of single junk. Invite a friend, especially with a doped-headed style of humor, and see it in the group. Will it be a night to remember ??
