From the beginning, you know that it is a Sam Sherman movie than an Al Adams movie because the title of "title shemland production" as title appears in the bigger letters as title credits. Not only that, Mr Sherman wrote on the screenplay and Bob Livingstone, who is a smoker, the 69-year-old Western star of Western Hollywood, thought of his man's leadership in a film, Sherman thought that he would hold the capital "Recent Stuardesses" on the recent success. <br /> <br /> Now you want to think of such an intelligent old man as soft male absorption characteristics like your male leadership? It defies explanation, but that's for you Sam Sherman. She had many pictures of her Interprerent International Pictures with old Hollywood, and she and Al Adams are often acting for their movies (such as J. Carole Nish, R. T. Tumblin, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). . But Bob Livingstone? Tell me drive in demographer who was the second-keeper of this 40's; It's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> Again, "Naughty Stewardess" was a successful picture for them, so we can not write just like this Sherman Fiasco. Still, by any aesthetic value, it is an inconsistent mess. Al Edson wanted this picture, and why it is easy to see. First off, it does not have any style focus, and it has almost been removed from super soft cores (only tits and ass / simulated sex) from the kidnappers thriller (the stackelar's "Ratty Puffin and Burrow shadows")! In it, we were shooting in the film of Sachar Frances Spyware's hackneyed music or the painful boring sequence of the Staredeses near Richard Shamdyley and Connie Hoffman. Above all, as we wannabe for Bob Livingstone to try as a blue jumpsuit sexy as Jack Lilan ... Gag! (Thanks to Connie Hoffman, her big sex scene was deleted, but you can catch him slurping on his titties in DVDs in the specialty section. Creepy.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, terrible movie, but I'm Gary Grover To sympathize with photography and Connie Hoffman, it will give three stars to create with "sparkling" Livingstone. The "Naughty Stewardess" Al Adams offers vital information inside Sam Sherman's commentary data for completists and / or exploitation film scholars. Be careful, all the others.
