I admit to making so much of the so-called "frat-pack" movies. Anyway, how bad they are, I can find something like Ben Stiller or Oven Wilson or Vince Von or Will Farrell or Jack Black. But "jealous" settles me down as the cold white boat for me. At this time, it is known as some of Ben and Jack Black's perfect neighbors, among which one (black) beetle invisces invisible aerosol spray and becomes incredibly rich and jealous of another (steel). It is probably plots, but then it closes on the other side which does not really make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think the 'Vapoorij' thing is the first interesting thing. The problem is, they try to maintain the Gag for the whole picture (Black license plate which reads 'Kaka King') and it is fairly tiring. But even Ben and Jack are used to weaken; The power level for both of their performance seems to drop down significantly. There are two best performances by Rachel Weis and Chris Walken. The Neo-Hippie-Depp man of Waken is so inferior and so well-behaved that does not offer any advice to the other familiar nutrition characters of Waken. It is completely unique, yet unknowingly comes across as Walken. And Weisz is the best actress in the business who does not know. Even during limited screen, it affects the scenes in which they are located. <br /> <br /> The whole crew of the so-called drama is Ben, in an enchanted drunken stuper, Jack's prize hits White Stalin, and then covers it until ridiculous length, fears his best friend and he will be killed. But the plot twist is not believable because there is nothing about Jack's character which indicates that he does something like that. He has played so sweet people that it runs the whole fascinating horse and renders it ineffective. You discount it completely It's all filers. And what is the point of control of outside control, that Barry Levinson wants to know that he saw "strangers on the train"? The screenplay is painfully bad and the two performances are poorly directed. Anyone with a track record of Leviathan knows well. Maybe someone will invent something to make this image invisible. Oh, wait, they already have.
