Jack Frost, not a warm heartfelt family movie about a father who comes back from the dead in the form of a snow-humankind. It's about a toxic killer named Jack Frost, who is sprayed with some acid fluids and it is a killer snowman. I could capture a copy of this movie so that I could enjoy something nice to come back. A killer snow man? Hah, sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! All right, I was wrong, it's very wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is a murderer who is sent to the truck, so he can return to the chair at midnight. But it is a snowfall night and it carries a new DNA fluid with a new tanker. Jack died of burns only by acids and morphs in a killer snowman. He returned to the small town of Snowman City where he was caught in a small time Sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, as a snow man with cold power. He can condense into water, shoot out the ice cycle as spears, and grow killer fangs. The only question, who can stop frost? This movie is usually below the B-movie line. The movie starts sugar but as soon as Jack is burned by acids, it quickly drops down to the cheese line and goes flat. Acting for a horror! Here we have a whole cast of negligence that can not work, can work but have an uninterrupted character, or here only for a few extra rupees here The only good actor is Scott McDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Keil with Frankenstein. Unfortunately his appearance has diminished in just three minutes and all we see is his new snow man form and his intelligent cracking voice. Plus its wisecracks are fun but nothing. Crying, fool, and worse. <br /> <br /> The plot is awesome! There have been many killers throughout history. A killer of a hockey mask, a killer with a razor glove, a chains welding dead, fast St. Bernard, but now we're standing near a sneaky snowman? Oh oh! And the way the characters are launched is terrible. For one reason I wanted to kill Jack son of Sheriff, that means, I'm giving oats to his father's antifreeze so that he does not feel secure? All the characters are stupid and dull and die cartoony. A woman is horrified with Christmas lights and her head has run into a decoration box and a girl is in the shower (where is the carrot of the scene?) <br /> <br /> This awesome movie special effects Our first big special effect is to mix Jack's DNA with ice and the boy is terrible. I think it's like 60 years of fashion design, Pie! Jack looks as well as fake. He looks like a person covered with rubber skin in the skin. All blood and beef does not take with Chesi and the film's glory but instead the lower level stops. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be riot but not! It does not try to be fun and it actually tries to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, it's at least made smile from my horror. Do not even bother with this piece of trash. Jack Frost = D +
