I did not see "Henry Flower", but I'm not sure after seeing "Faye Grimm". Perhaps Hartley aims to become an "anti-thriller" director - he is sure to succeed this young man. Based on the official description --- The woman says that her man's manuscript contains elements which may create a threat to national security --- I hope for a small geological drama. Instead, I mean the change in the snowflake framework, the silly dialogue, the characterization of the flaw, a cunning plot and a "tone" that often change, indicates that Hertley has changed the script according to its mood at any time. I can hang for a long time with frustrating, strictly followed plots (eg "duality") because I think loose ends will be combined together. Even when they do or not, they release the lasting questions (eg "duality"), intense writing and acting can hold their interest. But through half the way through "Pie Grim" I gained a great perception --- I did not know what was going on, and I did not care. Very bad, because I really like Parker Pocci, who desperately disappoints him for working on a strange part, that he is able to be mentally emotional, with a lonely, disturbed wife and indifferent, unexpected mother, difficult, impressive international "player" terrorists Thinks There is bad casting. Jeff Goldbull may be very good, but he is not able to overcome miscasting as a CIA operative. She looks almost helpless about the role as I see her. His CIA Sidekick is Bad; He looks as a refugee from the quarter-finals of "American Idol" (what really is the young CIA agent, with the big lip of his hair covered on his head?). Then there are sticky questions of character age. Golden Age created "Faye Grim" at the age of 54; Thomas J Ryan, who played "Henry Flower", was not 44 years old. Do not feel old or old compared to their actual age. Yet, one of the main things in the story is that they worked as a CIA agent in Nicaragua in the 70's. Goldblum's character has then been its 20s; Henry Flower has been a teenager. Was Hartley a "trick" or lazy? Too many on the problem list ...
