This movie should be shown as an example of what movie school students should do. Originally kicked some big tire powdered powders, this terrible disaster broke the main rules of Brackhammer's films, which is: We all know that they suck, but their great step. This film has no steps. This film is BORING. Where's the car? Where are you? Where's the tension? Where's the secret? Where are you going? Where !! ?? This is not really a movie, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? That's wrong They have 3 days to steal, the ad is wrong. How bad is it? Acting leads to tough, wood and forced Villain, the police, the others ... care for them. They pronounce their uninterrupted lines, they serve unreasonable intrigues. The director of the music video says, "We do not think we will cut many fast and no one will see how bad this film is," or "we should just make it sound aloud," the "script" is not really a script, it's finally clippings Like a list of its total repop: ------- Alert - potential spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ Harmful. The biggest crime is the destruction of Vinnie Jones, Man .... This is the worst, wildest muffle from Pull Fiction Jules. And what they do! They cell phone him, who are rarely in the film! Vinnie made the main villain and he could save the film. How could they be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original movie is ultimately entertaining with a great comedy that drives the driver away. The real 40 minutes behind is a great choice! Find out the original. Or if you want to hire some real car charger ronin rent go. Ronin's challenge raised the bar through which all other vehicles would be prosecuted. All the Brackhammer and Cage coins, all the resources, all the experiences, and they could not match with a movie made for 250,000 dollars 25 years ago? How could that be? You think getting ripped off after watching this movie. I was excited to see Quet's fire, remember Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God helps all of us. <br /> <br />
