I thought "What was the new skuboo-do" was bad (yes, I'm sorry I did not like it), Hanah Barbara did not make it, and it took very difficult steps from the old series. When I heard "Shaggy and the Scuba-Doo Drink a Clay" was in the works, I thought it might be good. But when I saw a picture of how Skibi and Chaggi would look, I knew that this event is going to get worse, if not bad. I've seen a few episodes, and believe me, it's still another "tin titans" or "lunatics unrated". And Scuba and Shaggy are not going against the people wearing cold, vague giant masks to prevent people from stopping. Now they are going after a super-villain who wants to destroy the earth. Shaggy and skubo-do have become very brave. Also, this series of shagles is not going to be a vegetarian, Kenny Cassem (which is actually a vegetarian), do not listen to the original voice of sacrifice, chagie. He not only sacrificed meat, but also a stupid corporate job change to update that franchise, as the internet joke was not enough. So Shakespeare said in the voice of Scott Menwell (who previously voiced red herring on a dog named "Scooby-Doo"). I believe, the voice is really bad! It makes the sound of shagles like a squeaky 10 year old, and I must agree to the voice that certainly fits her new ugly look. However, Qassem Shagie's cousin sounds Albert, which is a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look that good. She has been designed to see live-action movies like the CGI Skubu-Doo. Also, the voice of Scrabbie Frank Welker (I need to mention the brain's brain again?) Has not been developed yet. Robi, Robotic Butler, is actually worse than Scrappy! He tried to be funny and gave a "ridiculous" impression and gave security tips ("Remember the children, do not stand under the trees during the thunderstorm!"), But it is not fit just in a skuboo-cartoon. Again, sound effects are rarely used. However, one-episode "Lightening Strikes Twice", they use "Castle Thunder" thunderbolt almost broadly! (Although they still use the effects of the new recorded thunderstorm.) The "Castle Thunder" does not use sound effects since the year 1995. But my question is, why is "a clue" in "Shaggy and the Scuba-school", when it is directly on video-to-video or even "What is New Scuba-Do! "(It uses two episodes of WNSD, and unfortunately it was not enough.) WNSD and DTV movies use it, but they can be better than this painting cartoon. I saw the first episode of the premiere of this event. , And it was very bad, I stopped it after just five minutes! To get my mind from this poor show, I used to rent "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!", Which at the same time And you know what the movie "Pirates Ahyay" was better than "Chagie and Skubu-Doo a Clue" (and better than "Watts New, Scuba-do!") And it looks like a new design Characters are not in the franchisee, this video shows direct-to-video video while using regular character designs. But, do you like the "New Scuba-Doo Watches?" I do not recommend it. "But if you hate the old series, you'll love it! (Oh God, I hope the old skubo-du cartoon will be better than this new $ # *%!) However, like the WNSD, A bad bad addition to canon in school.
