Tooth Fair is located in a small town somewhere in north California, where Peter Campbell (Lollin Munro) has come up with an agricultural property that he is rebuilding and plans to become a holiday, his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who come to help in the weekend. When looking at Pamela's property, another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard), who warned her to hide in her new house, tells the story of an evil old wizard known as tooth fair, who took children's teeth from the child and then Kill them . Pamela worries and becomes more and more when she closes her bike and her last child is out of the tooth, many days before Tooth Fair's evil spirit Pamela's teeth have her eyes and she decides to kill someone for just kick. Directed by Chuck Bowman I think that the tooth fairy is just another poor straight-to-video horror movie of low budget that fails to separate itself from others' imaginative video shop decorations. Fill the windy TV schedule late in the night, basically it is not very good. Producer Stephen J. Kennel's writing, Corey Stroud, and Cookie Rye Brown were a complete graduate-festive festival for the first 40 odd minutes, nothing was done during this time, and no one was surprised that this thing was going on. It's the introduction of the character, and that's the tooth fairy legend set up. The second half of the film makes a slight improvement, even though it is not just spectacular material, there are some decent set-pieces but scenes, but in addition to it all the expected and forgotten components The character is not great and most of them have been murdered, there is an inconsistency in the story of Tooth Fair, which says that he kills the child after giving teeth to children, so why does he go? There is nothing to do with that toothless assassination? What happened after the proposed temptation in 1949? Why he came back as a ghost? In spite of being a little ghost, he thinks too many people are trying to open their doors to kill people and use weapons, without the supernatural children, there is no effort to use the supernatural element. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman is okay, this is well-made and there are some half-decent scenes but there is nothing to be excited about. It can not be described here as terrible or atmospheric here, and there is no notice of it compared to that of any other than that of the Darkness Fruit (2003). The gotta is okay, someone is inserted into a wooden chipping machine, there is a decapitation, some of the penis is cut and the best scene is seen when someone is nailed to the door and his stomach is open with fog and has a sleeveless slide <br/> < Brushing with a budget of approximately $ 1,500,000 is usually made, but there is nothing special about the show here. Acting is not something great but it is so bad and abnormal that I could not find child actors so annoying that I think that's something. <br /> <br /> If you find a cheap copy of the tooth fairy, the lower the normal lower budget, you can find a cheap copy, but the direct-to-video horizontal rent shows throughout this day but it can cross 90 odd minutes if you are too demanding It does not, but it is quite poor and forgotten material.
