When I looked at the video store box, I saw Lisa Ray - to me, that woman Arne Hodson was KAA * "Day Chess of Death" for any movie. It is almost certain that the movie will be bad (eg Congo) if Hodson remains in it (the exception of the Hostbad movie which was deliberately a camp and bad). Despite my feelings, and I only saw civilian brand, yet another film by Lisa Ray's performer "Tour de Force", I hired it the way I did. Finally, I ignored my "Hodson instinct" at Wojciech and ended up with a very good series, so I think I would give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movie then a certain must see! This is a strange funny movie I've seen for a long time. This plot is fairly straightforward: Rashal's (Monica Calhoun) sister was killed by a band of brigades (led by Bobby Brown!) And before, like many action movies, she kept her guns for a last time, and she swears to take revenge for her sisters, death. To do this, he reconsidered the title Gang of Roses (based on the true story of a female gang, supposedly) and they go out and take correct revenge and by the way, some mistress or some or other gold can be buried in this town. I say about this movie is a wonderful thing from which I can say that, they ride their own and they looked amazing galloping. <br /> <br /> Interesting (albiet unintentionally funny) scene? When they introduce Stasi Dash's character, or when the character of Calhoun is not sticky on his gun (shouting with a loud voice in heaven) or the character of Lil 's Kim, the character of Lisa Ray is not to be fun or to kill the character of Stasi Dash. Canceled Kim's character believes to add Lisa Ray's character to gang or Asian chic or Messi Gray's character, "debt is paid", etc. Besides the left-eye of Calhoun Rashal and Bobby Brown, I can not remember the names of other characters cuz I had so much a laugh while presenting them. <br /> <br /> If the director goes for Parody and Broad Comedy, it was a great movie. Unfortunately, he tried to take the design seriously without the exposition, the sound design (his defense, the hip-hop was a notorious to work on a time piece), in the historic study of the time of writing, designing scripts (it was mine, or the old west whitest teeth Was this clean man with?) Importantly. Usually when I see a movie that is not good, then I ask myself, "Did you do better?" This is the first time in a long time where the answer is a clear "yes!"
