Well, Goyeh once said, there is no way to try to pass a negative judgment that could have the purpose of "something that has negative implications". "La Maman et la Putin" has become history in France and what has happened elsewhere in the last three years and anyone interested in film history must not refrain from watching it. To express a completely intelligent judgment, however, I disagree with almost every other review I posted here and tell the public: "Do not see it; It's the waste of your time, which only makes you sick and angry." And by this I am " Emotional condition "or something like" sick and angry "about something common and deep, because this is the line that is most critically acclaimed The picture has been received in full praise - "An ordeal shows the ruthless isolation of our mental cowardice and cruelty" and thus - and, if it is really carried on such a universal or even broader relevant message, the director will have good reason to be satisfied with himself, but neutral May be the decision. Instead of my cow in film, I can not see this hour-long record of frankness and tiny deception as a justification for a general revelation. All three main characters are deeply morally unconscious: Alexander is the greatest degree, of course, because we have seen more than that and he rarely stops for more than thirty seconds; Mary is probably at least a degree, because we see her at least. The influential and induced psychologists of Alexander must have a value of value, of course, but the impressive impressive costume clearly realizes that the Gene-Pierre Leod may not even act and perhaps, "non-homo" may be reduced to non-film The Nicholas Roy, Reproduced the opinion of the opinion that counts as true and profound to Milius The film was released, in which he is living in director Etecheck as well as making a film for about ten years. I think if 100% of the film is kept uninterrupted domination and insignificance, it is a particularly shallow, worthless and disgusting post-68 million long Actively as a comedy. However, this viewer was at least angry with the director, he was Alexander and Veron At least one long view was given in which we would definitely expect and feel for them that they shared a moral universe with us. If a man could live on the level of a woman's love and could sleep with a woman, mostly in sleep Mostly in this flat) sleeping and going around Paris to offer wedding at third marriage Yechilena, OK, I think I can wish him the best luck in the world of dog-bass-dog likes to create his own. However, whatever I can not do, all the conscience has to listen to it even for a moment, where he talks about his "anxiety" and his "frustration". The same goes to the wretched Veronica, which we drunk in the apartment, and treat it with a childless inconsistency with the bed shared by Marie and Alexander, even the most barbarous and cruel cruelty. I say, "La Mann et la Patan" is not more than Alexander, Veronica and Marie's portrait, but three people whose half good people will not enter their company leave their homes alone. I think the director has a validity to praise the director for "unexpected" (although one seems to be fascinatingly "flipping", but I do not like to create such a completely annoying character for the movie). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced and critics have succeeded in a firm generation - Alexander, Veronica and Marie are somehow representative of the limitations of the general people and the mental capacity of the people. This next idea, however, is arrant and obnoxious. Indeed, in the case of general and sexual relations, the tragedy may have underlying implications and tendencies. But the nature and degree and the trend of tragedy can only be determined by those who make sincere and serious efforts to utilize this relationship. It certainly does not require any of our cinematic or spiritual talents that will tell us that the person who behaves like Alexander is going to end up being hateful, sad, and alone, or women who are forced to love love from a person like Alexandra Frustrated and bitter See "La Mann La la Patna", if you historically recognized a culture and human interaction that had probably happened in the Parisian millionaire of 68, perhaps unfortunately, it is not limited to just a few specially anti-social forms. . But there can be a reason for a movie by Gene Rannor or Martin Scorsese that do not mistake here to believe what is recorded here for humanity.
