This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerated, I told blockbuster people that they would close the bridges. Interesting single topic box about this movie. I figured out that it was from "Boogeyman's director" in the box ... eh whatever, if this is made recently, I'm not sure that the directional guidance would be bad: - but I saw the movie and saw "Bugman" It was a little stupid, since the early 1980s. Great way to rope among unexpected audiences. <br /> <br /> I think they just liked the name "zodiac killer", and did not get bothered about the real zodiac sign or any of its MO's research. That year he was active. The crimes they are talking about do not have to do with Russia and "story" about the original zodiac sign occurs after a few years of actual Russian crime. They compared Rashid's "Son" to most of the film with Rashid Harman's "Vespear of Dusseldorf" vampire and often compared to him. Zodiac and Harmon were nothing single, and it was more intelligent than comparing them to Bitikas, who shot dead people, a man who did not shout the man in their throats. There is no correct information of Herman's, just a bunch of powdered stupid people. Her son is even saying, "Do not forget, his name was Frat Herman, with 2" ... his real name is just one! I think the writer / director has just typed in Google search for serial killers and the fastest ones are the assassins of Russia and Fritz Harman. "Oh the words like those cool names, let's make a movie without doing any research outside of them! Great idea!" <br /> <br /> It is probably my favorite inconsistency in this movie that experts describe the young killer as well as suffering from DSM-IV and healing it. "I also checked with the DSM-4 and retrieved it later", etc. For those who do not know, psychological manuals for DSM-4 mental disorders. If someone gets hurt from the book itself, they have some serious problems! However, my hint is that it has gone down to my best 5 worst movies ever, and it is rare that a movie is ever reached at that time. However, if you are interested in watching completely non-truthful stories about serial killers, which are not entirely rude and incompatible with boring, inexperienced actors, I would like to see this movie. <br /> <br /> ... Oh, and I like how some killers with "dry cry" and "cries" some hunters. Nice touch ...
