Well I'll start with good points. The movie was just 86 minutes long, and it was something so bad it was fun. Now for low points. My first warning sign came with the actual "alert" in the film. When it started, the "alert" was displayed: "The picture you are going to see contains graphic and annoying images, because it is funny, beautiful, or romantic in contrast to the popular belief." I could save myself 86 minutes and then I stopped. The first talk of the film was: "I'm in the glue factory." It was some people talking on his phone, and he was referring to a nursing home as a glue factory. I do not know why. So the basis of the movie is that some kids are obsessed with Russian assassins and start imitating him. The budget for this film was at least 50 rupees and they must use cheap cameras that they could find. The performance was worse than reading directly from the script than me. They looked like what they were doing. The script was horrible, and a biography of a Russian assassin that was a "big" was written by the person who was originally a Russian assassin. Of course they tried to show this subtly but in the first 10 minutes it made it completely clear. Without any painful description of the plot, here were some great highlights of the movie. They tried to compare the Russian assassin as "an army" because the soldiers are actually murderers. Then they tried to make an effort to "worship Satan" by showing some people black hoods at a meeting. The great "computer hacker" was able to find the address of these kids while giving him the names and phone number of the child. For some reason he had to hack into the FBI to get somebody's address. I'm not sure why he did not see it in the phone chest or used whitepages.com. For no reason 9/11 was a random signal. I've learned that you've got a shot, your blood will get out of your mouth in seconds. <br /> <br /> So if you really like bad acting, sub-parse script, bad camera work and want a clear plot, you will love the Russian killer!
