First off, I want to point out why I gave 1 star of 10 in this movie because it does not have the option of a star! It's really that bad! After watching this ad, I was not encouraged to watch this movie, I only saw the opportunity because some of my friends got tickets and there was an extra, so I tagged all the time. I had a fairly good idea before watching it that it would not be gifted - this court was very good and I thought it was a good thing to get out of it, but I was thinking of behind my mind, "but there must be something Uma Thurman and Luke Lin Wilson It feels good for ... "I do not think any of them is particularly awesome, but they are the only big names in the movie which are only movies Which will increase their consent. However, about 10-20 minutes about the feature I have realized that this movie was probably worse than I ever had. I was shocked at how terrible the script was. It really did not give anything to act with actors, so they actually saw that they do not know what they are doing (especially Louis Wilson). The story was completely predictable - you saw most of the movie if you watched the ad! And there was nothing original about it - this movie was set up as a mockery of the film, which was never accepted by most of the 'Super Hero' story, but it was not. The direction started to be reality. I felt that the director wanted to think that this film was completely realistic and did not want to mock, and there were still moments that were incredibly unrealistic that it worked as a satirical. Two characters seem to have died in a single moment in the movie and one of the living characters is like "Oh well, he is dead ... to move time" and he says in such a voice that there is no sense that it happened completely. After 40 minutes I checked my watch and how long I would have to sit down with it. And then it hit me ... I started thinking "I am surprised by the fact that the studio has made this film as an experiment, and wondered if they could ever make the worst movie, and still attract huge visitors ..." I I could not think of why this image will be created for any other reason. For the making of movies in these days, the script goes towards a massive screening process and actually produces very few scripts in production levels ... I do not understand how this first draft platform got ... last, and overwhelmingly, fool-maker-Lee Boca Climax, I was laughing deeply - not only did filmmakers want to laugh at me, but the film is ridiculous And was stupid. Thanks to God, I do not have to pay ... because he really bothered me !!! Oh, and I can only join two Wilson brothers, I always liked Luke because I think he's a good, versatile actor ... but if he wants to go further in the shadow of One and One, it's just the way to do it. I suspect that this rogue waste will get many more offers after 2 hours !!! And remember, it got only 1/10 because I could not choose 0!
