Seven Pounds: Emoticon Flat, Electronic, Murley Destructing <br /> <br /> The movie was distributed in Italy as "the Seven Spirits". I was curious about the original title and, after some research, I found that it was related to Shakespeare's Venice merchant, where the merchants make a deadly tie with Silk merchant Antonio, he has to give his "pound" meat, if he owes his debt Can not While the Italian translation made Ben's plan deeply human, the main feature of the human sympathy, though, was sufficiently cultivated to remain obscured by somebody, it is only physical references, the cold, reasonable, deep-rooted physical aspects of the human. Unfortunately, I think the original quality of Ben's plan has been expressed by the original title: it is a cold technique, which aims to "donate" parts of his body, but lacks a true human sympathy, at least not given to the audience. The opportunity to see or feel. The only exception is the story of love with the girl, which seems to be a kind of programmed event, which produces Ben, but talks about the real emotional involvement. From the basics of the film, I really do not like this idea: The idea is that a person is suffering from the pain of death for his loved ones and other people, he makes a firm decision to indulge his Creator. Crime through suicide: Without being impossible, it makes no sense. I liked it, and I think it would have been more positive, if at all, Ben had decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and to abandon the idea of ​​living, thus helping the same person and many more could stand by them. , And help them through his presence. Of course, he could not miraculously save his life: perhaps this would have caused more sorrow, but I think it could be a more constructive and moral aspect of human beings. There are many illogical and annoying things: In the seven days, the primary reference to God's creation (which, according to the Bible, six!): What does this mean? And a woman suffering from a heart disease who does not bother her and refrains from singing and can develop natural sexual relations with a person who destroys and donates his wife due to death. The limb and its body piece, from its helpless condition, both mentally and physically, does not seem to try much? The movies are well preserved by acting, but the rest is pure nonsense, only from a logical perspective, but from humans and emotional one.
