There are spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson made some extraordinary films, especially 'Alex Condé in Alex' and 'Cape Fear', but 'Country Dance' was one of his more dedicated festivals. This story is set in the upper class of rural Scotland, and details of strange triangular relationships between Sir Charles Ferguson, a barbarian successor landowner, her sister Hilary, and Hillary's widowed husband Douglas, who are hoping to reconcile with him. We learn that during his career as a military officer, Charles was considered 'less ethical fiber'. This seems to have been corrected in its condition; Throughout the world, he exhibits a frustrating attitude towards the world and seems to be the original source of his mental support, Hillary and his whiskey bottle. The film is completed with a high-class crazy shelter. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Wale was one of Britain's leading actors at the time of his superiority as 'Arab Lawrence', but his work was very disrespectful and 'Country Dance' was not one of his best movies. He portrayed Charles as a strikingly vulgar noble class, although he auditioned for a part of Monty Python's 'High-Class Tweet Off the Year' sketch. Susanah as Michael Craig as Clinton and Douglas is rather good at York, but there is not really outstanding performance in the film. Charles's unexpected down slide is beyond the story, there is little to the way of coherent plot. <br /> <br /> The main problem of the movie is not the plot nor the plot, but its courage is that it does not dare to say its name. There is a half-hearted indication of a cruel relationship between Charles and Hillary, or at least a discouraged attraction towards him, and Douglas's dislike was inspired by his sexual envy. Unfortunately, even the swinging cultural and seventeenth century (even the date of the film was given in various ways as 1969 or 1970s) was limited to the approval of film censors of the British movie and there was definitely an off-limits film with a clearly inactive theme. (The American title for the film was 'Brotherly Luv', but it was not used in Britain; was it very indispensable to choose BBFC?) This indication has never been developed and we never see whether Charles or what happened to his moral decline, As a result of a hollow film with a hole in the center. 4/10
