Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist, whose stem cell research Hunter hopes to breed a new species using the neck of Tileo, a hybrid hamsterhard shark has morphed into a miracle plan for creating humanoid life forms. Tylo is not a solid broad and it is about to give him without a fight, for his boyfriend William Forsythe will not be easy. <br /> <br /> You see Tylo and Forsythe two business executives Arthur. Roberts's staff, who met the mood (who worked for Roberts and went to the end of his term), he conducted his research and examinations. This island affords him the opportunity to hire new victims for his work and for "son" They think it is a professional matter about stem cell research a breakthrough which can be a remedy for various diseases. The son of the combs was killed in kidney cancer when he decided to run a mad science on him, this blood-thirsty, meat-eating creature, which both could swim and walk on dry land. (Although, the first hammerhead can only be for short periods). Tylo was dating with the son of Combs, so the couple also worked for Roberts, who brought her trophy wife, along with Mariya Ignatova. There are also Tilo and Forrest, Roberts, and their colleagues including Ignatova, Elise Mueller and GR Johnson. Combs trapped their conference room, but they were able to flee to the island when he sent them to their well-paid tenants and Hamarhead shark son. Similar to the characteristics of the same science-channel channel, Hammerhead: Some unexpected computer-generated effects and attacks (.. where sharks separates individual organs) of Shark Fragrance, shot in a fast-edited, phenzad camera format. Where you are having a problem even after having a problem. . You have an uncomfortable sense that a person is eating (.. broken snare), but the attacks are shot in a very irrational fashion which is called the truth, rather terrible. The giant itself does not see it completely, just being gnawed as the passing glimpses or screams in a body part horror. For one thing specific, you do not see teeth. We get hammer shirk swimsuit CGI shots towards the screen, all menacing, ready for meat gust. A constant (.. and later) attack is attacked, we see a large amount of blood and body bubbles of blood. (It's actually the director of Michael Oblowitz's original quote visitor to let them know that apart from being torn apart). <br /> <br /> The blanket does not break the new ground as a scientist, but under this cold blooded determination, he always had the ability to express quiet crazyness. It's fun to see ForSouth in the role of a fun-cut hero, it's a type of electronic wiever. (For his achievements, he actually closes it), when the group faces an unprecedented danger, then the leadership position must be taken. Tylo is a very different kind of role, a scientist who can protect himself quite well. Roberts could play a billionaire businessman in his sleep, and the combs were shot by gunfire on the machine (if not his luck). It is to be noted that throwing down foothath and taillon with automated machine guns was really fun to leave under the hawks of combs. As expected, screenwriting allows people who can bring themselves unnecessary dangers so that they can pay for their sins .. I mean, seriously, these people will know what they can do to the human anatomy of what it can do ? Beautiful exotic setting is quite nice backdrop.
