I can not quite say that "Jerry Springer: the ringmaster" I have seen the worst movie ever. If the film was good then it would be better because at least I saw the worst movie, (Promoted Night 2) showed me enough interest to hate me. When I left the theater, my reaction took place when I looked at the watch and it was only 90 minutes to cross. It seemed like a lot more like the year. It repeats the process of continuous repetition of the poor people, (or which Jerry Spanger believes in the poor people), one another deadly, each other, hurt each other, humiliate one another, and then repeats the process with the same responsibility, while others use us shampooing. This plot, which makes a group of stupid people funky to blame for fake Spranger Mill, is completely devised due to the stupidity of the characters. This makes them impossible to care for what happens. Even if they could not sleep, what did they say, or who had slept with, was never in my standard. Maybe I'm not supposed to take care of them. Maybe I want to see them as a kind of ridiculous kind - see their terrible behavior spontaneously funny. It's not too bad. Not funny. It's innocent. It is predictable. There is something behind humor to work, a painful scoff or a life experience. Scatology is not intelligent. An example. A mother caught her daughter and her husband in bed. He took revenge for a procession across the trailer park and gave oral sex to the girl's boyfriend. I have seen Jerry Shringinger's shock long ago, I had the same reaction to Andrew Desi Clay's pornographic nurses rims; Not laughing, just yawning. Finally, I saw Springer's poses as a popular man and helpless. He was actually a lawyer for the poor, but he would talk about trying to raise $ 12,000 a year from New York City to single parents from Budd-Ste. Or, failing that, he would give his participants a cut at least in his profit. Jerry Springer receives millions for his shows, his movies, his books and videos. Its guests get a chance to wind round, hotel accommodation, and to insult yourself. If he liked poor people so much, then he would have paid at least some money for them. It seems that Springer wanted to take this film for himself some legitimacy. Jeez, with all his good work, you think he earned our respect. However, the film is weak and annoying. It's not even successful being objectionable. If you want to have a better evening, tap a bug jamming video for one night and then watch it.
