On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old fiancé woman was a judge for the attempted murder of Leonidi Haddad, whose husband had recently died and agreed to take a resident of the housing authority to rise. Haddad was not aware that his new laser was actually fresh from Patan State Mental Hospital, where he was detained for an inexperienced knife attack on married couple three years ago. Haddad soon realized that there was a 'runaway in Denmark' when the woman started locking himself in the bathroom with a tape recorder talking about 'seven gaudes'. Haddad's fear was confirmed in one night that when he kept his chest kept on the chest in his house, he announced that "God inspired me to kill". Haddad was able to prevent his colleagues from using his telephone but he had suffered a fracture in his face and chest before losing a finger. It was a miracle that was alive. Sentenced to being convicted but sent, assaulted and screamed, returning to the comedic academy. Ten years later he was released and he is now a celebrity; But not for cruel attacks on innocent people, but when he was known as 'Queen of Queens', 'Tennessee Tees' and 'Miss Pin Up Girl of the World' for his avatar 25 years ago - the infamous wealth page. <br /> <br /> Chiefly known for 'American Psycho', Mary Haron brings us a legendary cheese and bond model (played firmly by Gercheen Mole) in glorious days, who unknowingly wrote blue print for fetish iconography. And whose effects can be detected in everything from the comic book to the catwalks. TNBP, day-glow fun journey through an evolutionary illustration of the 1950s, where the number one star with headline wing, tab and parade of man with a male-dominated man with the help of a deliberate boyfriend and photographer. The movie has thrown her original dream of Stardom, and in 1957 a brush with the authorities on the charge of indecent behavior led to this stimulus, which led her to retire from modeling and give herself to God. The overall style of film is light and radioactive and dark in the moment with its father's rude views and a moment of sexual violence, which can not have any effect on them inappropriately. Mole shows his picture as a happy, helpless and funny - even slavery shots are a bit more betrayal than a ridiculous ambiguity. The film handsomely transmits the Park Bibles, real-life unhappy marriage, personal tragedy and murderous madness, which does not give any indication; Avoid What I Think The Essential Origin of the Story of the Page - Regeneration and Resurrection. <br /> <br /> After coming out of prison in a decade, it has been seen that her worship had gone up from the mid-1980s and she became a huge underground icon, many of whom asked "what happened in the beta page". His 'mysterious' invisibility burned any number of conspiracy theories in the light of his conspiracy. When the world's media was finally caught up with him, he did not give any indication of his dark past and soon he had interviewed the magazine, TVV, and photographed with Pamela Anderson and equally tragic Anne Nichol Smith in the Playboy parties. He saw that he was now more famous than his 'glory year', but before the whole story was stirred in light of this 'resurrection' scene only time was a matter. <br /> <br /> The only infamous thing about an infamous Bate page is that it has left the part when it is really infamous.
