I do not believe that there are 700 or more bad television programs in the United States as a club. They are equivalent to today's 20th Century Ku Klux Klan. Good and sweet and human and pure that all understand their hatred beyond all the capabilities. Their daily constant attacks on millions of millions of Americans, as well as billions of people, who do not share their intelligent, cruel, demonic, and completely insane views of mankind, are beyond any scenes of television. False and ridiculous lies that they try to stop as true, such as "life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" is so annoying that they actually feel mentally ill. Lost they are their imagination. By knowing, people know that religion is a drug and does not allow themselves to add that kind of fantasy. However, 700 clubs are in a class itself. They are really a religion Even though I believe freedom of speech, they hate hatred, lies, and inconsistencies, and such fantastic ideas cross all limits. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will eventually participate in the study of those who confuse themselves in this way, who drown themselves so deeply into the imaginative lands of this religion that they have no real reality. This country is strictly in need of treatment for such poor people, because many people have totally lost their mind towards the concept of religion. Although the 700 club, it is more dangerous as 'the legal definition of civilization', but the huge assets of 700 clubs (employed daily by Americans holding their fraudulent determination) are in the law above this country. . The film "The Matrix" has seen the film for you, who was the metaphor of religion in the world: those who are on top of the temple, the leading wicked people who have stuck to them and cruelly abused them for their selfish motives, and those who sleep on millions of deaths and gradually Their life goes away from strength, many of them And those who belong to religions by the ability to understand what is happening around them have lost. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, good dancers run such trolls in the United States outside of 700 clubs with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world where people have lost all the choices in the television preference presented to them, there is no way to free ourselves from our 700 club plugs. <br /> <br /> The TV rating system and TV's "V" chip should have a rating of "R" for religion, so that reasonable people and related parents can easily face such intellectual and cruel mental rape. Like 700 clubs each day presented from our own country and their children.
