Closing the character of John Amos, they kill Shoke. He was important part of the data structure. You were struggling to create a story of an inner city family, the best way to learn it. If they were poor, they were black, and that they were living evidence that if you have Jesus and your family, that nothing is not difficult. Of course James will lose work and JJ School fails but the family has always managed to find a way out. <br /> <br /> James was a role model of a strong man, who earned income and punished children. Florida was the strongest daughter that everyone, along with James, needed shoulder to cry or to embrace. Children's personality and input were important as their family unit. Their neighboring villona was a key factor because she did not represent only a friend but was very fond of her family. Things were bright, great, fun and honest, until they changed program courses. James died and Jesse took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flow was still a mother, Thalamma was swelling in a lady and Michael was still militant dwarf but JJ was at the show. We believed that the winner family of a father or a special bread would be in the apartment. I guess not much for James's paycheck family. They were the only threat to deportation because they said that they were running and no one was working in the house. I know JJ, Flow, Thalma and even Michael have finally got a job but come here to come. James has done so much that you can feel for him but others were not realistic and it is shameful. <br /> <br /> J. J. Comic relief was but I think the substance needs substance. It's okay to be funny, but the real family had the opportunity to show them the real family to live and they removed it with a little smile. Michael's character almost disappeared, the rest of the others fell in love with JJ Evan. I really want to say, there was a man here who was failing at the school, he began to tear himself, and he was drawing for money in about two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent but did not seem to have cared for Flow and the rest of the family. <br /> <br /> Why did it take so long to understand why he was meant to do this? ? He could sell street painting or work for printing billboards and cards. (He went wrong with something but.) Why did he not make it and why others left over on their dreams? I will tell you why, because in their lives, they did not have the ability to care for their parents and encourage them, and their mother had stopped to support their dream. The program has stopped teaching us about growing, building and learning and teaches us about hostages and stories. They should keep James. No show needed a father if that was the one that it was.
