There is a classic case too many patriots we have here. In this little country you are only when you are very young (later nobody is even in movie history). When someone comes up with a little more ambitious film project ?? Without the usual drama about the struggles of the peasant family or the local comedians long struggle slapstick movie ?? Everyone is bound to love it and even responsible for spreading the optimal reviews across the country's borders. Especially in this case when the author / director of this particular movie is already a sweetheart of a nation, because he was also the founder and popular singer of the popular rock band. "Any Way the Wind Bloss" is not a bad movie, but it's certainly exaggerated (if it's possible even within a small country's borders) and there's nothing new or even remotely to offer. It mainly refers to the flame version of classic movies as "short cotes" and "magnolia" and a mosaic of images, whose daily life initially seems incomplete but ends up ultimately. The only thing to combine the first eight plays is the Antwerp City, where they all live and work, but gradually their relationship becomes clear and they are all gathered for the group. The main problem of "Any Way the Wind Blows" is, at least like you, lies with letters. They do not really give random, indispensable and honest experiences that can be considered commonplace. It was probably intended to portray the average and regular residents of the author of the author / director Tom Barren's Antwerp, but then, with importance, what was the matter? One of his film projectioners was snatched from the job, another failed novelist who is fighting the marriage crisis, two siblings have recently lost their father and most of them are "mysterious" and they all follow the wind. There are a few more characters walking through the regular screen, but they are even less worth mentioning. These people only look at the very random topics (such as the 80's, the life of the intestine and the intestines) and often the philosophy of things. Some of the dialogues invent a gentle chocolate, especially interaction between two prominent sons of the grant, but still not something remarkable or even memorable. The film actually works best as a tourist video for the promotion of the Antwerp City campaign and as an enhanced and versatile music document. There are several stylish and nifty spectacular images of Antwerp and it's always playing beautiful music, whether it's really loud or short-term in the background. In general, "Any Way the Wind Bleed" is a skillfully designed and stylish effort, but very animated and a bit annoying, and I'm amazed to wonder how many of its fans can hate even if it does not produce any flame.
