* Spoiler can be * For the Living Dead Hood I wrote my review several weeks later, I realized that I can be a little more strict in this movie. Because I decided I will do something that I have never been able to do before. Review the same movie again. Do not make me wrong, I still do not like the movie, it still seems to be Drake, and I still think that Jimmy-Is is not watching everything. The story of the film is still my opinion, weak and rather lame. This story is about Rick, a man who works as a scientist (which is the only thing in a series that animals cure sick cells, works for them), and his brother Germain is not the best (both of mine, a main plot point) and Many arguments One day a shooting shot in Germany was shot and Rick asked his German friend to bring Siram to restor Zerin. (Though most people say 911, whatever,), Naturally the serum fails and Germain dies. (If not, there was no movie there), after the police and the colonel (until the end of time I still think paramedics should be shown) because the scene shows the van (which I still believe that someone with the "to do" Someone had a van), and Jermaine came back to life to attack and kill life. I would say more about this plot, but I think if I have a story I do not want to see it but you do not want to see it (and we do not want that we want now?), But the story tells me the least of the opinion is meanders and rather slow is moving (not intended to punish). I have already said in my review that Jumbo Not to see the body, I still think they are like war again and again, they should not say that all of them should be damaged and what should be done, but at least there should still be a bite on the victims. I still do not like the decision that the director (s) is moving towards the speed of the moving speed, which is transferred to the zombie. They can not really decide whether to run a zombie or not (mostly as zombie movies), do not mistake me, I I'm about to run zombie but make your mind man. In one scene, jumbo runs towards living, and on the other hand he just shambles them. And sometimes they do not seem to be trustworthy (yes I know their imaginary animals but still know), I must mention the zombie which is driving his hand on the wall even though he is walking in the dark living room, and I still do not lie on the ground, zombie Like, gets shot, then jerks like he's just shot The word of the film also bothered me, mainly the music, which I might have copied to this photo was very much like the existence. Music in a movie is important folks. Especially when sounds like sound editing director then just take a friend camcorder and shoot a little zombie flick. Acting is still abusive (my opinion) and similar to the American "actor" from the Japanese zombie movie Junk. There is no doubt about the film is still bad, almost dead body is bad, but still it does not say much. This is not a bad movie, and it is better than a lot of live video on the video, but it was not good at the end of the day. I think the movie is really slow, even though it's only an hour, twenty minutes or a minute (and yes, I still do not like opening songs). This kind of movie I think is perfect for the premier of science-fiber network. Because I was forced to defeat this movie in ten decades of this movie. But think like this, at least it is not negative.
