Directed by Suraj Barjatya, married 20 Delhi boy Shahid Kapoor, the small town girl who chose her father to marry her father. After coming out of his innocence and simplicity, Shaheed agreed to marry shortly after meeting him at Madhupur's house, and the young girl of Amrit Rao seems equally flowing with her charming suitors. Marriage is fixed after six months, and couple couples, budding love, find themselves in the first throes despite their geographical distance. But Amrita, raised by her uncle and uncle after the death of her parents, is facing a terrible disaster just hours before the wedding. And then, to play the honored lover of Shahid and to embrace unconditionally. This is the same as Hain Koun and Humathth Hath in Ham Ape, Barzatia's new movie Vivaho, at one stage, family drama with an ideal ideology. But sadly, the plot of this new movie is becoming very old, far more than the single Kapoor soap. And the problem is clear ?? You just can not relate to those squeaky-clear characters who have a bad bone in their body. There are many things that work on and against Hindi film and timing is such an important thing. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps Vivah's plot could not be felt like an extended feeling, but it seems like today it is trapped in a brain. Probably the only storage for the film is true that it closes the sincerity starting from the beginning, you can not directly deceive the creator's desire. Judging by both previous films of Barajatari and by examining this new one closely, you can safely declare that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, he believes in his golden letters, he believes that the big family can live happily together on the same roof together with the slightest obstacle However, he is unable to translate his vision on the screen. How it is difficult to ignore a variation of how different ?? Shahid and Amrita, both honest and virgin? I mean, think about it, for the first time they hold hands one hour and 20 minutes in the film. Barjatya can think that he is returning to Ma'aay Peer Qia with Vivah, but the fact is that we did Salman and Salman in the film Salman and Hya Kyaan Salman and Madhuri also had very chemistry. Because they were made from the same mold, like Martyr and Amrit in Bihar, these pairs were evil and mushy. Shaheed and Amrita are just unclear and annoying. For a movie that relies heavily on the song to describe her story, the filmmaker likes a string of 70-style melodies, which only reduces the speed of the movie. But if Vivah does not work for me, I have to choose just one reason to explain it, because I am not sure that I can relate to any character residing in Barrata's story. Some likely, Vivah will give hope, like that there is actually a perfect world anywhere. But I guess a little evil. So, give me the sweetness of Honey Koo, I want to be a friend of mine, Pyaar Kya's Bratty Salman, and I will take away the rogue Karimma Kapoor. But protect me from these miscreants. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This one vivah!
