If this document was not made by the famous French director Louis Malel, I probably could have closed it after the first 15 minutes, because it was an incredibly uninterrupted appearance in a typical Midwestern American city in 1979. It's not just a fun thing and my idea of ​​film footage is closely related to a collection of home movies. I think I did not know any of these people, it was even less fun. <br /> <br /> Because it was a relatively soft place for the lifestyle documentary, I was wondering what they were trying to send. Perhaps it was not worth the conservatives that you can think of - it was an underlying message that many vintages (such as Republicans whose son is a draft obstructor and a man and a woman of sex outside marriage) Was just fine). Or, perhaps it meant that there were many groups of beautiful cities - such as ugly ideas, black revolt and homophobia all were briefly discovered to blame the Jews for financial revival. <br /> <br /> The small town of 1979 was deeply discovered and painted in the world by a painter, but when filmmakers returned after six years, Mood was disappointed, thanks to President Reagan. This seems quite innocent for several reasons. First, in 1979, it was about 90% of the film and the final 10% were in only a few interviews that the President blamed only for everything but acne. What about the rest of the people of this city? Did they all think Reagan was bad or did their lives become even more negative? With only a few updates, it seems suspicious. Secondly, it is true that in the intervening years the national debt has doubled, so there are total national products. Malala shows as a very optimistic period of 1979-19 when showing many deficiencies (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise during 1974-1980. Although I'm not a huge fan of reggaan, because government's growth did not decrease during administration, in general, in the years of Ford and Carter the country was much more optimistic. Many in the media protested the Reagan (popular sport of the 80s), the economy was significantly improved and the documentary seems to be very unilateral and the agenda is driven. The documentary provides more thorough coverage of 1985 and was not very negative to believe (after all, everyone did not make their life worse - it defies common sense), then I might have thought otherwise. /> <br /> Overall, the wonderful documentary has announced that nothing - from the inferior film of 1979, was a very impressive look in 1985. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it seems that I'm inspired by this film, or at least film drop dead guards? Both were set in the same community, but the next film was a ridiculous mockumentary without all serious undertones.
