Premier and topic about making a criminal go to his victims by capturing hostage hostage to his family and understand what is promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part in which his film "Jabab" (1985) was directed by director Robi Tendulkar, who has played the role of fame much 20 years ago. The problem here is whether the SS director Rajkumar Santoshi himself got a little confused, whether it was a speedy action-thriller (for example) or a heavy heavy play (eg Duminy), and this confusion is quite clear in the final outcome. If we ignore her two-poker (2000) and two Lajja (2001), this brilliant director always gave us a fairly wonderful movie with high entertainment prices. So this picture comes suddenly, how is this script made? The sensitive director is going for half-baked character of his two leaders - Amitabh Bachchan and Ariyaman. The film is ending, the audience did not know who to hate and who could sympathize, and the reason for this explanation is a great limited power. So no ordinary people and an underworld don is ending up as a transit note of relatives feeling and Don apologizes about what has happened to his own family. Don's son's revelation as a true Buddy does not come as a surprise element of Climax, which works so effectively with Aishwarya's character compared to similar situation in 'Khaki'. It's not everything. The entire drama shows an underworld's life, operating from abroad looks quite unreasonable. He is openly landing in Mumbai, where he feels absent that running after his enemies and shooting himself is not credible for him. There is no such idea as a middle, new actor, actor Abramsman, against Mr. Bachchan. But there are still more points in the film. Ashok Mehtaar's camera work, the sequence of two good battles (coordinator Abbas Ali Maalal), some of Akshay Kumar's light-acting scenes in half, Santosi's quick pace of treatment and of course naturally. Baba is trying hard to give some life in his life character. But by combining all these, it does not show an exciting experience. You and your family!
