I have not seen this movie in a while, so I am afraid that I can not be very specific about the details ... there were some interesting things. JRR An animated adaptation of Tolkien's Best Practice, Ralph Bakhshi's attempt was a very ambitious project, so aspiring that it became bankrupt sometime during production. Therefore, it does not stop for about an hour (it is not arranged with a hint of a seagull) between the second book of the triangle, less than the end of the film. It seems that some characters are animated when others are illustrated, whether it is deliberately or not, it is difficult to say The whole thing is prepared and reversed, especially in Orcs and Nazrul. Another problem, of course, the huge gap in the plot. Bakshi was a rush to finish this movie, and he was out of much more important bits (and it was twice more than two hours during that time by Peter Jackson that it doubled it.) And I did not mention Tom Bombing alone I think, the book was nice but I want to look stupid in the movie.) And of course, the last, which suddenly went out and went out. I am not sure whether Bakhshi is going to finish filming there or even if there is any idea. <br /> <br /> Letter ... Well, most of them are okay. Hobbits do not look so bad (except for gay Sam.Do you know that the new trilogy producer originally wanted to make Sam a woman, so would the character of a female character?) If you are a Tokianan adventure (like me), see this movie (though I buy it Not sure if the DVD version has any special features?) But beforehand know that you have a real ring ' The ring is not going to be seen 'Movie' but it is not much more than a historical curiosity, probably in comparison to the 60th edition, the Beatles do not look very well according to its plans (I think a cyclical LOTR was quite calm. The idea is to throw George to Geoff, Paul Such as Fredo, Rango Sam and John.) If you do not read or like it or you do not like the animation film Do not want to see the breakdown movie ... stay away.
