The opening scene of this movie determines the speed of its ninety minutes. The shot is generic, trendy, and television movie quality. Snowfall scenes are fantastic, but the similar quality of the characters accompany them have the same quality of viewing a photograph, the feeling of overwhelming feeling is like a distance. Some achievements are fairly high quality and the work of an experienced professional, but dialogue is inevitable and artificial, which has absolutely little impact on 'real' conversations. A mental insight is transferred to the oath, which must show everyone their real feelings. The action is slowly and shocking, the overall feeling is that there may be some to prevent cold water on your head, but so slowly that you are rarely noticed, but eventually you feel sad and angry for yourself to get caught in such an unhealthy state. Do it. <Br> <br /> <br /> <br /> A mixture of styles that tried to use Fenestane; Although emotional thriller, horror and family drama, although a considerable lavish and attractive dialogue enjoys a serious lack. The way that husband, wife and child interact three times, is particularly unrealistic. Family relations themes have been spread in hunting settings, with many remote films being covered countless times before, an instant example of The Shining (1980). Here the family unit is broken by innocent problems, which are understood or understood by the relative obscurity of the scripts. <br /> <br /> The Family Unit sinks only through the whole movie, reducing the likelihood of the thrill thriller. The story on the side of a slow family drama for the majority of running time. The 'Stakk' image has a few obvious objectives for Otis' behavior, and perhaps it is still very less used despite the most striking and well-played characters. The main characters are the empty fountains of people, which were extremely difficult to relate to, their relationships with each other, especially of any feeling or feeling were ineffective. Although Eric's ignorance of Sullivan's young character, perhaps by his parents, is perhaps part of the story, but of course, a reasonable person would ask his son if he spoke to a person who is not apparently present. People can take this movie as intelligent because of the relative lack of traditional related aspects of animal based films, this movie fails to keep you in any picnhole. If you want to read deep psychological meanings at every moment of every moment, but I think people would be better on analyzing their carpets for some deep emotional meaning than this dry sub-human creation.
