While capitalizing on the long-awaited movie version of "Dreamglass", this only half-forgotten DVD release of 1976 musical melodrama, which also took inspiration from the inspiration of the Superimo. "Dreamgirls" has been set up five years before the opening of Broadway and partly in the same time, it is a primarily black cast and the story is a story rolling around an upcoming girls' group, and the duplication is essentially finished. Before Joel Schumacher's main lead studio product ("Batman forever", "The Phantom of the Opera") becomes a major league director, it seems to be the patronage of the film. However, the form is true, Shuimara's large amounts of clichés and Iv-rolling one-fishing equipment weaken the story and character development with injection. With a little confidence in the musical numbers, Samson, a highly respected film editor, but the Nifft director, frustrates the production of low-budget TV-movie production with frustrating episodic structure. <br /> <br /> Three Harlem sisters - sexy sisters, self-righteous dealers and sweet Sparkle - they meet in church churches, smooth-talking but with good-looking boys Stick and Levi, and then as a singing group The first taste of their success is found - the first is called the heart as a sweater clothed curly and then known as brothers and sisters as a glitzy trio. But naturally there are problems outside the unexpected name for the group - sister is involved with narcotic narcotics drug dealer Satin Struthers and turns her into cocaine junk; Levy goes to jail for catch catching a drug pickup for satin; Strikes are frustrated by failure and some Jewish mobsters become actively vulnerable for financial support; Delores just gets torn up to play; And the poor little Sparkle will have to determine what kind of future he wants. A big plus that R & B great Curtis Mayfield wrote atmospheric songs, some interesting and one, "Look at your heart", a truly winner. <br /> <br /> She works her best in converted circumstances. Lonette McQuey's brave attempt has made sister a tragic impressive figure, which has changed the Ham-faced plot, in which there is a tragic Billy Holiday Mike like Mike. Before it grew on the primetime TV, Philip Michael Thompson and Darien Harwood represented Sticks and Levi with an elderly animosity, if that was not believable. Mary Alice's relatively silent turn daughter's mother and ex-"Fame" Irene Kara comes in the best work, who has sincerely received generosity in the title role (although her expensive and hairstylist should be shot for a brutal appearance). DVD comes with a full-fledged theater trailer, with a dramatized CD of five songs not shown by DJ Casey Cassem with a genuine drama trailer, and five songs from the original cast, but Oritha Franklin closes the recording of her soundtrack. This is not a terrible movie, but it is an interesting subject that has the same soil cover as "Dreamers" when there is a lack of creo.
