Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? Although it is not the best Picasso, a three-year-old is done with his finger, you encourage him to do more. If painting makes them happy, then a father should not keep it to a child. Generally, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the basis of their future style. You will start seeing these very primitive doodles their true form. Well, this idea of ​​children's artwork is how I felt about Fouker's dreaded cheap and uncertain film gardens. It was a horror film in all accounts, it was impressive to start getting even the most momentary of the stage of the lungs. If you have seen Training Day or King Arthur, then you will be influenced by this directing birth in his second movie house. Although Foxx gives a terrific, unchained performance, some scenes that define Fuqua and show its brightness behind the camera. Sadly, it only appeared in the final thirty minutes of the film, but if you only pay attention to those scenes, you'll see why Foola's name is so "best"? Picture list <br /> <br /> I will never agree with anyone that the Fuchsar eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. Its ability to put cameras in a weird place to express emotions is frustrating. I am surprised that more of the Hollywood band did not jump over this bandwagon. Even the stupid properties are in the gardens, you witness the greatness of Fula. Two scenes in the scene are visible between the film's explosion scene and the end of the horse scene. In this scenario I saw the director Fuku working. Well, in the rest of this movie, what I saw was the combination of almost every action film. Hello hello to his fate, hello, suddenly, by his unknown power, his life transformed into a classic structure that would only die in Hollywood. We have often seen these two, and you can not rebuild the wheel unless you are a person (until you are Charlie Coffman). With this style it is impossible, and it is proven with the gardens. I was just annoyed with allowing FIFA to get annoyed, which could explain why I took three scenes to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and when I hope that Fula will redefine it, then he did not. <br /> <br /> was then acting. Although I never played Jamie Fox as an actor, I was ready to try this driven car. He wanted to see if he could pull a dramatic role similar to consistent. I was under the impression that this film was probably chosen to show the producer that Fox could handle consistent roles. Again, I was frustrated. Foxx was boring. His character was not that in the sense, but this feeling seems to indicate whether Phukha or Foxx Foxx did not take time to fully train and whether to use more. Part Instead, we're trying to make the audience cheer with Fox scene. Adding to the statement of the second audience and culture, to understand only his audience that he was a comedian, an actor second. Fuqua should stop this immediately. Fox's joke has destroyed her character, which has kept me firmly to hate me. Instead of developing the character, he crack a joke. No style work, no joke was fun. The rest of the cast was left. Through them, I played them the same role. They did not waste anything new on the table, nothing was difficult for the story, and the overall theme of the film was not enough. They had pawns to fill the place of dead air. Fukar had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports that complaint. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was a sad film. The visual and operated actors are not attempted to upgrade themselves with any creativity, originally started as a decent story which eventually spread quickly into cinematic speed. Without the Foxx character line, and a whole bag of cheese was boring. I did not see any emotion in every scene, and when emotion was needed to publish a message, he chose to close his shirts instead of solving problems. What is my point? I do not think so. When you watch a movie, you feel some creativity, some edible characters and themes are close to home. Bate does not include any of these. Although I would give Fucha some credit for the two scenes in this film, the rest of the fifty was crushing. Apparently, I took the scream while renting this picture, but now I see, I hope I can stop others from that weird cruelty. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** ***** Two scenes were fun to watch outdoors
