666: The child starts when the plane crashes, the only survivor of Flight 666, a small boy named Donald (Boo Bau Stewart) who was accepted by News Reporter Irika (Sarah Lewying) and her cameraman Swann Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent). Channel 6 covered the event for the news. First Donald seems like a normal child but after his death, he seems to have died, starting with the warning from Don and Vicka Scott that Donald is bad and the cause of death ... <br /> <br /> Jack Jackson's nickname directs by Jake Perez The-DVD-Horror was directed by Flickr and 666 people would have to say: The child is really poor. Whenever I will see the asylum for the movie, I am worried, I am very worried since their track record has become horrific. They are creating and / or distributing low budget horror films, usually in the case of the latest successful big-budget horror film Rip-Offs and 666: The child does not need to graduate your rocket science. It's a full rip off of recent cash in recent Oman (2006) Get released. Scripted by Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel can not match the horrific and simply Hollywood's ambitions, I mean, what Donald wanted to achieve from a middle-class family in a small city? Is it a great start to the ruins of the world? Each character in 666: The child is omens, adopted parents, some forms of the main character of the Priest, who try to warn them and the sinner is guilty. There is a real lack of the incident, there are very few graves and plots poor. I told Donald the reason for killing the dentist because they are trying to fix their teeth, so that only random and unwieldy, all the pictures of Donald came with, where the album came from, and everything is nothing to relate together and it's just a disorganized mess very very annoying. That becomes. The number 6 references also became annoying and is very uncertain. <br /> <br /> Director Perez seems to be okay, it is appropriate if there is nothing else. There is virtually no blood or gore, there are some spray of blood, there is a cut hand and someone gets a circular stuck in their mouth but it looks much better than it shows on screen. This is not really scary, no parallel atmosphere in the sub-continent's home is not an atmosphere thanks to the contemporary environment and there is no excitement because we do not know what Donald is trying to do and there is no threat from him. Technically the film is okay, it is well-formed, but the real movie is so poor that it makes a far less difference. Acting is not very good, but at the same time I look worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man, the woman is of the rip off, I see real soon enough this week is a rebuilding. Not good and definitely not recommend. Followed by Seagel 666: The Best (2007) which went straight to the DVD.
