Waterdance (1991), starring Eri Stoltz, the main character of The WaterDance, has found herself in the center of rehabilitation and the other is injured in the same way. And there he will face a harsh new life, limited to a wheelchair. This is an attractive and committed evidence, but unfortunately, it fails to establish. Instead of some interesting moments, instead instead of Hollywood is ensnared schmaltz. Of course, Cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forosoth, Wesley Snippets, et al) is bright, and someone expects to perform well here, but their competition will be lost. Characters are mainly one type or other stereotype, and most of them are completely unlike (as the exception of the snippets character). I think it's a kind of effort to break the ideas about "helpless" or "weak" sick people, which in most cases face to you, in your face, but it's a completely annoying experience. Surely this will show you what you do with permanent disabilities, in a way that is not soft or romantized, which is useful, and a good idea, but when the procedure is shown, one can meet a tough person. , And that's valuable to deal with, it's part and parcel that changes these characters, degrees, do not be scornful. They are not to be Disneyfied; Of course there is a middle ground somewhere. At the conclusion of the movie, the character of Eric Stoltz came to take his position as a stranger, but due to the monster demon of such a fire that started from the beginning of the film, we could not be less careful. Apart from the problem of his character, the film suffers from the strange syndrome that many Hollywood movies are enjoying; Syndrome does not really have an official name, but you may call it "injections of forgery syndrome". It goes something like this: Characters abuse crap from each other, and then except for forgiveness, all are forgiven (this is an unreasonable example especially in this film Breakfast Breakfast Club, in which one character spends the maximum. Everyone is verbally raped and as a result, they love him. One of the latest examples is the SP Idaramyana 3, supervillains syandamyana Manhattan to destroy a part of the waste, then spaidaramyanera 15 minutes or so it seems boring. "Goodbye, now, to what extent" before being waved off with). One of the most harmful examples of Waterden's IFS is a series example that describes the character of the racist lecture of William Forces and his friends' n-words of the previous scene, and the character of Wesley Snipps expresses it with the same Forosith character. The next scene, as if nothing happened for a short time. Again, "Oh yes, sorry about this business, where I know, you are called n-word". It makes me amazed that these people will actually watch these movies before releasing them or will they stop their eyes and show only movies, snap them together with the editing room according to the number of scenes, and it will work a day?
