... that Jamie Fox will ever give such an extraordinary, Oscar-winning performance. I was so impressed with the role of Fox in "Ray" that, because of the offensive acting of films like "Bat" and "Lute Call", I would never take an Oscar. Five years ago if people told me that Jamie Fox was going to win Oscar one day, I would laugh in their mouths. Who knows? Maybe he is better than sticking in the play, because if you look at "byte", it is obvious that it is not a joke. I swear that, jammy has made so much mugs in this movie that I am surprised that her face is not closed. And why does he get that stupid voice? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that doing a comedy does not have to be loud and objectionable. Funny a joke, it's funny If it's not funny, some crazy accent is not going to make it fun. I have a problem with some comedians to decide on acting that they like to laugh while having characters. In real life, normal people do not always return to malicious and quips. Like Albert Brooks, "Taxi Driver" said in an interview with an interview about his character, instead of being fun as a joke, it's important to be funny as your character. A major example of a jammy violating this rule is the bizarre view scene being taken by her mug shots, and she started gesturing for photographs like the model. If a regular person is thrown into prison, will he act silly while taking his mug shot? And if the police tried to make him dizzy, what would he do? There are so many views like that across the film. Another terrible sequence is where Jamie is unconsciously on the phone with Villeneugh, and he started a dirty Caribbean accent. Not funny Jamie does not seem to admit during a joke. Needing patience to provide a ridiculous performance, when he goes straight to the punchline, whether or not it is the right time for it. I'm not even a big Mike Apps fan, but even its performance is even better than Jamie's. Actually, for the first time when I got to the screen, I felt a bit relieved. Episodes have duplicate errors, but at least they prefer more basic methods. One of the few brilliant spots in this comedy clunker is David Morse, a highly underrated actor known mostly for his supporter role as villain. He seems to be the only actor in the film. However, the fellow "green mile" star Doug Hutchison is very poor as villain. He is playing a heavy role considering a great performance in "The Green Mile". Antine Fuco proved his chapters in films such as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even "bat," he shows that he can point to a hell in a sequence order. His only problem seems to govern Jamie Fox, who probably probably corrected the script with a bad joke after the other. If you do not have Fox's dead body, please do not ride.
