Singlton has some serious problems with which he will turn around. I feel that he thinks he's smart! However, this movie is almost ridiculous, transparent and self-righteous. In addition, there are a bunch of "can create messages" like when our local nag jerks beat up. I mean, who is going to root for a bunch of funny jerseys in their right? However, he has consistently represented "war" singly and it seems that it is designed to show us the qualities of a better fight than black characters than anyone else. Another "bad guy" (actually a drunk embryo) who raped a movie drama. In this example, I think Sgtlton actually showed such a wonderful job that is probably a common situation in which a fractured woman asks the freight boy to use condoms and does not have any one of them or wants to use it. In any event, he is not involved in the claims he has closed, and he continues to do sexual relations despite his application. I think this kind of rape is very common and in fact many uniforms deny accepting the fact that it even rape Well, it does not mean, this is a rape, which is likely to happen in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> How does Siegelton cope with the establishment of rape? When the gentleman tries to call the girl, his roommate refuses to call the hunter on the phone, then the broken boy calls the roommate as "black anxiety". The crooked roommate appears to appeal to the advice of At Al's, who is physically abusive and misuses the wrong boy as a "apologue" to the roommate repeatedly and apologizing for racist comments; However, there is no less crime in rape (apparently in the mind of Singlton). Again, no one should really feel sorry for the frat boy; However, SINGLTON seems to be sending a dual message that racist comments are supported after the rape, and the violence against the militants in any case is supported. <br /> <br /> This movie is so frustrating, really important but about Singlton, no doubt a talented director, this level does not seem to have the maturity or depth to pull some.
