Blob began in one of the most bizarre theme songs, which was sung by all the people who were unknowingly bert! You've really heard to believe that The Blob can only be valuable for watching this song, and the summary of my user comments is just a bit of a passionate song ... .the blog is presented to us by Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen) after this extraordinary opening credit sequence. Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Anta Corsoaut) who are theirs Ijera place opposite the park and waiting around that sort of looked like a meteorite. An elderly person living in a cabin (Olin Haolin Olin Haolin) also looks at it and goes on investigating, he invented a peak and a strange football-shaped rock, which, if open, split it, he unknowingly made it with a stick. A strange jelly found in the middle of a meteor center, which takes a stick stick, if you know what I mean! Then it slides the stick and attachés itself to the old man's hands. Meanwhile Steve and Jane are standing in front of Steve's car, remembering his own business, he is driving quietly, Steve was a great man, who was an elderly man. T. Halen (Alan Stephen decided to take Chase Stevens) Chase) Local Surgery Dr. Hlan says he does not know what is the substance of old man, but it is growing up and tells Steve to go back to where he finds him and he can find out what has happened. Steve agrees but does not bring anything, and after recovering from Dr. Hallan's surgery, he destroys him. City police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Row) and teenage hate Sergeant Jim Bart (John Benson) vaguely believes in one word and Steve and his partner Al (Athenie Frank), Tony (Robert Fields), to play a detailed practical joke in the police department. Someone called 'Much' Miller (James Bonnet) However, Bloby continues to eat this way through the city, just as Steve finds out the evidence of his existence and ensures that the police think of the threat to the whole world, not just their city! <br /> <br /> Directed by Irvin S. Yevreth Jr. and an unwanted Russell S. Dawton junior The original 1958 version of this blog was extremely disappointing. Kate Lilker's writing as Cait Phillips and Theodore Simonson is not very strong and highly neutral, which makes her the most powerful aspects. Blob focuses on the tedious drama and the conflict between teens, most of the blogs actually spend on Steve trying to convince the police of the existence of the blog. In most cases, the blob seems almost impossible and some forget. The boxing season has only two or three scenes, and for a little longer than the exciting climax, adults and adolescents can work together to defeat Blob and then gain new perceptions of each other. Why Blob could not eat just enough? No explanation for any source other than coming from a blob or spaces, how long will it take? The conversation is fierce and stupid, like people's actions and decision-making, I love the part when Kate, a nurse (Lee Patton as Lee Patton, does anyone use their real name in this item?) Face a blob, he threw some acid on her And quietly declaring "doctor, nothing will stop!", How will she know that 'nothing' will not fix it? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry about it, it is not too bad to consider Blob's special effects, but it does not have any screen time, and it is running very slowly, in fact, a bit like film. Terrible acting, McQueen is considered to be a teenager when he was actually 28 years old and it shows that he looks like his old father! The same thing goes to other 'teen' cast members and generally everyone is talking about wood and their role is incredible. Technically Blob is very basic, bold static photography, dull aspects and forgettable production standards. Blob is probably one of those movies, which seems to be good on paper and is well-known as a 'classic' but it is actually seen when it is actually a huge disappointment. This is one case when Remake the Blob (1988) is basically better than originally. The original blob is slowly and annoying and not a rim, the original blob has no blood or gore and has a rimak, the original block has incredibly poor acting and casting decisions and not the remake and the original blob did not get too much, only a little over three screens Four people are eating and remakes enjoy Blob in all ways and it eats almost the whole city Preferred is an easy way, each time it is repeated as a good movie. I'll give this movie two stars and give it the top quality song on my own. Of course does not seem to find a lot of classic.
