King McKay will make the suspect's success in Thailand, where the same (but higher) 'Legend of Surui'thi' box office records set records. This film, directed by Lake Kitaparpan, based on historical truth in 1547, has some amazingly beautiful visual elements, but it is unarmed by one of the most wealthy, pedestrian scripts and story development in the film. The incident related to the film is the arrival of the arrival of the arrival of Fernando de Gama (Gary Strache) of the Portuguese cantonment, due to retaliation of the father's assassin, to be taken to the ship, to be captured and cast into slavery, and in the state of fasting Blocked in Ayutthaya. He was bought by his mother Philip (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with respect to a past which is expressed as progress in the story. Raja was rewarded for being his bodyguard after a conspirator CGI extended dancer Marshall Artillines to isolate Raja and Fernando and his new Siamese Sidekick Tong (Dome Hetakakul), a plot to be imprisoned in the only jail of Queen Sutcha, (Jo Hosadviviichit), his boyfriend Lord Chakrafat (Oliver Pond) to allow the rule of fasting War revealed the plot to kill the King and Son. Yet Fernando and Tong escaped and condemned to fight each other to save their family life with their expected consequences (Tang's wife and child and now a strong love relationship with Fernando Maria). Acting (except for John Rice-Davis) is so weak that the film seems to be occasionally meant to be a camp. In essence, the Thai writers struggled with poorly written dialogue, and we wanted to use them with subtitles in their locality. Ian Livingstone scores musical scores although the old TV soap opera exhumed the word. But if it is fantastic in visual, then you're very much in it and it only makes the movie worth watching. It is a film that provides all the special effects and clear high financial support for cast and set public and its good intentions. It's just missing that basics. Grady Harp
