I hope viewers are doing the best of Corey Haim and 'Dream Machine' as the "Best Movie of the Century". My part is uncertain limitation? I sincerely hope <br /> <br /> The 'Dream Machine' marks the first part of the long caps in the medium caps that will hit the rest of the career of Corrie Heim (except for 'Rollobby's prayer' which was surprisingly worthwhile). Here, Hamee plays Barney, son of Uncle College, who thinks that a cooler car will attract the attention of the girl in her dream. Barney's lucky one rich woman decides to present her incredibly piano tuner - Barney with an incredibly incredible aim to get her cheating husband back - giving a gift: Turbo in a steamed porsche However, unaware of the woman, and unfortunate for Barney, her dead husband was killed and her body was hiding in the truck. Now, in this movie, the companies do not seem to be harmful or harassed, Barney is not aware of this. Indeed, the unconscious boy has no idea that there are some suspicious things going on in spite of some strange circumstances. In particular, a tropical man follows him, frustrated to hold the relatively neglected body. <br /> <br /> It's like lower-grade action fuzzels (see Double and Kid) as most of the film's hem. As part of the part, part romantic comedy, this film failed to offer much to the audience's interest for at least thirty-five minutes, in which the film makers took enough time to show the immediate problem (ie Barney is being grabbed), a car and a dead body, And to find a hit man that Porsche is going to be hard). Then thanks to the poor performance of Himam (I love this child, but he was not completely sanctified to accept when he could not clearly do the work well) and the lack of real instability and lack of emergency in Barney and Villen are disrespectful and, consequently, irrelevant. To hit the humiliation, the soundtrack was incredibly ridiculous, and the team sounded more like the ones you listen to in America (see 'date' montage). <br /> <br /> Fans of Coraie Heim's fans should not be frustrated to see their child in abundance. But others understand that the hayem carrier probably topped at the age of 14 or 15 years and had never been restored, they might expect mediations, the viewers only wanted to pass the time for the 90-second B-Comedy Fluff.
