So I hired it from Netiffs because someone gave me the book "I hate, hate, hate this movie" by Roger Ebert, and he gave a rare zero-star rating of this book and said at the end of his original review "Mad dog likes free ukulele for the poorer time Payment should be paid ". So I told Ebert that I can see that it was really bad that he said. I know most of the society is not listening to critics and judging for myself, but I could not disclose how much I hated this junk like Ebert and never commented on Robert Renner's "Answer" of Ebert's review that he never hated that movie decade. Ever heard of such a brilliant hate movie review. Here we have Richard Dreyfas as a gangster, I do not think that if the screenplay of this film is good, Dreyfas would be awesome to see as a gangster. But above all other things awful about this "movie", I can certainly tell you that the script is not well written. The film said that the film was about to begin with Jeff Goldbam that he was delighted to see Dreyfas's girlfriend, although Dreyfas was in a criminal hospital, the film started with some modest dialogue after the opening credits. But within the first 4 or 5 minutes, in the other 85 minutes, only fool characters talk about untidy garbage for 30 seconds but nobody shoots. Then Dreyfus is becoming mentally ill. Haha Not funny Then we sang Gabriel Beyon to insult Drephas, perhaps unexpected and strange scenes of Paradid's "My Way". Of course, the 6th grader Draffa on the screenplane was written at the level of shooting, five times in Bayrun and Bayern would not just die. We are even supposed to be gentle gentlemen care or supposed to be the audience? I certainly can not tell you that I was not fun. For the production and acting of this Tripe, I am Dreffas (I am very much appreciated as an actor) but I am very disappointed with Jeff Goldbah because it was released the same year that the leading film of "Independence Day" was the year and finally the most successful in history One of the movies. Goldblom thinks that "Independence Day" will be a flow and then if there is a bomb in the "Independence Day" bomb, will he have to take the next role in earning some money? How is the Oscar winner of the biggest money-making films in history and how the star has found it enjoyable? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the film is based on another planet. I am just now wishing that I have seen the trash for 93 minutes that it was in the theatrical planet theater and open so that everybody on this planet does not come here from the 93-minute ridiculous waste. Life is not that I would get back. Ebert is not good enough to cut the image. Every copy of "Mad Dog Time" should be poured on all gasoline and burned in the fire. This one has sometimes won her honor as the worst movie ever because I have been at the top of a bad movie ever seen.
