In the box art box of Kenyue Reeves film (and at least for the recent review, only to appear in the Reeves box) has been shown so much, how much of the film heroine Robin Kelly has played an act of humiliation. She was star. I understand that this is his name which will eventually sell this long forgery after school special, but at least give some credit to the woman. Despite this, it should be one of the worst teen-themed movies I have ever seen, and it is not only through class warfare between every teenage and sporting film but from romance feuding gymnasts And, anyway, trying to supply itself as an amateur alternative to FlashDance (in one of the variation of the dance scenes, the song was very close to Michael Symbbell's notable 'Maniac', which was famous by Flashadens, or was it different?). It is the sequence of the same dancing and the worse, even the 80s dance and heroine and her opponent (s) have the tradition of playing horny dance, who doubts his success and team skills. For example, we had trashin '(a vertical rum jost) and rudd (premiere BMX dance), it was not much for the competition but to have fun). Indeed, this film is unrealistic, but it is like a homo-erotic rolling suit in the clothes in the Salvation Army with Robin and his friends. <br /> <br /> However, a young girl comes from a rather poor background about the movie. As much as the sympathy from the audience is possible, stop it for a huge need to live with his sick mother, his offending sister and his unexpected (and slightly abusive) father's father. Needless to say, the housewife is not so interesting Add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but various obstacles to join the team (his arrogant, angry with the teammates of the Shabby team and a coach who ultimately doubts his ability to compete). And, of course, we can not forget that he is one of the beautiful son of the great grandparents who is dating friends with overwhelming colleagues, or has no permanent lover (though Kemu Tommy later enters the film). Could this kid be more merciful? And it seems like a mess after another feels her own shame, unexpected, and clayed search for herself. <br /> <br /> But the main moments of the spectacles, which are considered to be the biggest confusion in most of the film, are considered terrible and the dialogues are considered. (How I was present at the Diner of the Diner, Jim Trainer, to suppress the team colleagues). It creates episodes of 'Amazing Stories' like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I am able to identify this image that anyone who keeps an eye on this moment, and most of these days are dragged towards it due to the nostalgic factor. For that you may be satisfied, but it is an incredibly compulsory drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
