After watching this movie, I was very angry about this movie twice: why did they make Chen's character a stupid fool like "McGuivir Hit-Man" and Lee's character? The background of Chen's character is that she was raised in the grounds of an underground Cambodian orphan for blood thirsty combatants, where they learned to find it "to die like a wild dog". This scene is initially pushed during a scene where he gets a cab and as soon as the drive starts he shows how unfamiliar with the seat belt. After this scene, he has a similar situation in a similar restaurant. He is not just illiterate, he is hungry. This is not a reference to the harmful body of Chen, but the film's two primary scenes where she is disfusing the food, one of which, the rice pot beneath the deck below the old ship. In the first ten minutes of the city, it was established that Chen is a malnourished-ed, illogical, and only a few things are going on for her, her "dog" style of certain types of warfare. Despite this situation, Chen has managed to manage every police (even managing to manage a bullet shut down a metal pipe to hit a person who holds a hostage hostage, and has managed to achieve a super human force) (a 50-concrete elbis Block, plastering at the end of a metal pipe, shooting him in the chest to the head of the police chief AS Refers to being). <br /> <br /> Now Lee's character ... okay, I get it, he is depressed, he has some baggage, but wow, can he do anything? At one moment, they tried to prepare him for cold, writing and business care, and at the next moment, he was disappointed again. In the first scene, he went to Chen and missed him several times more than 15 feet. At the end of the scene, Lee shows Chen as his close friend, and the coworker gradually rushes to the neck with a long knife for a long 5 seconds, while holding the gun from the mouth with a chain at a distance of 10 seconds. Even at the end of the film, Lee was registered for the death and again failed. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in such a manner that the filmmaker is trying to get it sympathetic to the character of the character and he only "killed the survivor". I did not just kill innocent people throughout the whole horror movie, I would have been much easier. Among the dead, he tried to kill only two, police chief and Lee. Others did not just eat, boat owners, taxi drivers, and the police were trying to arrest him, not. Overall, the character of the chain kills only for a cold blooded killer who wants it, even if it is just a free ride. (Did I mention that he is carrying hundreds of dollars in most movies?) My 3 big interesting directors / camera works that got some nice shots. Bottom: A nuts-scream chain made for fans. For me, "dog bite this DVD"
