With my "Cool-ad Drinks" comment, I mean that the dedicated devotees of this male puerta do not try to rate this movie neutrally. Give it a 10 Wali Cox award for Mr. Universe or a velvety elvis painting! When this movie starts, I think with title titles such as "Nue, Giovanni Geo" and some say it was among the worst films ever made. This is definitely overstating it. Although the art is a lot worse and far from a great job, the film had a lot to choose, and the biggest shortfall in the film was the pawrotie or its serious performance. <br /> <br /> Believe it or blame completely on the shoulders of writers (who, I believe, was a chimp). It is very rare to watch movies in such a clayed dialogue or food warfare, but these are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the authors will be concerned about an "romance" of the audience, which is a horny married middle class male and a seemingly frustrating woman. Perhaps the European audience might apologize for this, but in 1982 or today's US, such romances seem to be lazy and selfish - especially when Paverto tells Harold that he loves his wife and "this is just funny". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Sadly, if they change this script a little bit and makes Pavarotti a widow or perhaps his wife, hello, too or the espart (where the wife was so stupid and impossible you could have a husband or even kill him) . Instead, he is a loving mother of two children who are patiently waiting at home, while her arrogant husband can look at the bed right and left - because before agreeing to the Paaroti Harold, many agree on many things. <br /> <br /> Sorry, even the gorgeous Parvatti's music could not save this image. At the end of the film, in New York, there are some scenic scenes where the set is incredible and the songs of Paavarotti sing. Because of that, I think the film deserves at least 3. I really wanted to make this film more like that, but it was really a bad movie - even though you can not hear as much as it sounds, too bad. Sadly, from what I've read, this picture can be an art for imitation of art, because even after Paverto's own life there was something parallel to this movie, even though it is not a forum for complete discussion.
