I do not read an article about it on an unknown movie website until I heard this movie, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and painter, I appreciate the work of Richard Williams - I rated Jigi's gift as one of the best Christmas specials of all time, and even though I turned Roger Robin into one of my favorite films, he was sixteen years old, still in my viewpoint I have the highest level of work, care and attention  রহ রয়েছে - কিন্তু মনে হচ্ছে মানুষের পক্ষে তার ফল্ট রয়েছে, বিশেষ করে বাজেটে যাওয়ার জন্য এবং নির্দিষ্ট সময়ের জন্য , এবং এই ছবিটি সঠিক পরিস্থিতিতে দেওয়া যেতে পারে, এমনকি উইলিয়ামস মত একটি অতি প্রতিভাবান ব্যক্তি এমনকি কতদূর ভুল একটি নিয়মাবলী হয়। <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are an experimental confectionery which is experimental between the weird attempts and a children's cartoon limited and close the wall. It tries to be a musical. It tries to be a thousand and one other thing - is it a freakout? Is it a mind-sensible? Is it a paean innocent to imagine childhood? Finally, it reduces the weight of its own unlimited ambition and desire. It is animated nicely in most cases, though the dark backgrounds can use a little more attention, but it does not count much after experiencing hallucinogenic irrationality, which constitutes most 'steps' here. </ br> <br /> There are several problems with the movie, but the Ragey Ann and Andy will start with themselves. They are the show's stars, yet they have no personality. In fact, we received the message that Andy is a Vaanboan strong man ("I'm not a girl's toy", she sings) and Anne has a unique view of things because her owner, Marcela, a little girl turned her back, but all about these details We know because the huge oddity of this movie has not come long afterwards. I use the word "curiosity" in advertising, because some strange movies can be very entertaining but it's just weird. Toys and dolls in the Playroom are supposed to be cute and lovable, but they are actually malicious and annoying. Two of the heroinets that do everything in sync and say it is a major example. But even though they are relatively normal compared to the hierarchical pirate captain, who are stupid and their glass glance when they take the eye of the first glamor French dolls. Yes, it is supposed to be a child film! Then there is music, which is no memorable, and which is not played by all who are sung by the actors. And to add hurt humiliation, there are many songs in this film. When Anne and Andy finally put it out of the game room, what they can do is first, how they are afraid, how they will be with each other and how they will get the message. . It seems to have gone forever, but at least it comes back to the similarity of the film. Not for a long time, because with a burning knee, we take us to a wicked world where everything looks like it is made from Vinev and pale denim, and - enough is bad that he is clearly paranoid schizophrenic - he also starts hallucinting. But this is nothing compared to that scene following this. Greedy, living, breathing Billing, fertaining, eating persistent Tafira pools, so quarters, unclear and finally annoying, you will rarely believe what you see - this is a drug-free psycho-escalation experience that I have ever seen in the film. Then, after an L-ON-G time spent with greedy, psychologist Sir Leonard Lonnie and his master King Cooke, whose throne is like a bladder. I can not believe that I'm actually writing a capsule of a real movie - I rubbed my eyes and reminded myself that I was not blogging about my terrible nightmare. The part of the Lone Land sequence is probably like the old winsome Mac / Little Nemo Cartoons, but it is not a good reason to think of anyone else. If it had any rhythm or reason behind it, it would be all good, but there was not. These scenes are just weird, and very, very long. Supernaturalism only works when it has a strong idea behind it, or is run against some equality of reality. But in this scenario, nothing indicates any kind of reality. Remove this element, and you have gone with pure self-temptation. <br /> <br /> Animation begins to look even less impressive (pirate ships, ridiculously detailed, blurred on water), despite the fact that some cells were still missing during the production) and it ended Being a non-event that only suggests to be out of money. Even in the length of 86 minutes, the film never feels the pain of the end and it realizes why it flopped in its original expression. Animation buffs would probably have managed to scratch their head and possibly how Williams managed to manage the flub so spectacularly, but he did, and nobody could do anything about it.
