Yet one of the most misunderstood goddess of my country is pierced by "western", who can not understand Mother Goddess's secret symbols as dark. Mother takes fearful form of clay to destroy our daughters and frighten our arrogance. And although blood and blood were given to Kali and Durga, the incidents in this film are just illogical. Any other form will be sufficient when the mother takes a resounding form to be angry for our inner demons, limitations, and ego. In his wrathful form, he will burn "remembrance" to the burning fire in the fire which encourages your heart to dance for love for him and he will lead you to the truth and the truth. Reality and truth is a dark light as well, which serves a purpose. Statue of Mao physical universe, as well as nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not grow and live without death and destruction. The ink represents the power of destruction of the universe, both new growth and life, vigorous and spiritual purposes. It is very unreasonable to me that those who do not know anything about India or his Divine might use one of our favorite gods just like a cheap prostitute to create low budget, shocking horror movies. How dare they dare our beloved mother and portray her as horrible, which makes people crush the eyes of their eyes! He is attached to their arrogance and those who live in delusion, greed, anger, and other inside-ghosts are horrible only for them. It is very clear to me that whoever wrote this film he arrogant, and very horrible and terrible as serious view of the ink-bhutaderake are very serious. যখন অহং তাড়িয়ে যায় তখন সে এমন এক রূপ হয়ে যায় যা বিস্ময়কর, সুন্দর, এবং যুবক, একটি সৌন্দর্য যা দেখতে পায় যে সে তার সাথে সমগ্র মহাবিশ্বকে জাগিয়ে তোলে। Kali Ma is an ancient mother, not content enough to entertain, let us hope that this is an integral compassion and mercy that she does not come to the angry form for those involved in this movie. <br /> <br / > ওয়েস্টার্নরা আমার মতো ধর্মগুলি ব্যবহার করে, অথবা সেরেটিয়ার মত ক্যারিবিয়ান দ্বীপপুঞ্জের মতবাদ এবং ভদুও যা আসলেই খুব ইতিবাচক, এবং এই ধরনের অন্যান্য ধর্মগুলি পশ্চিমা মনকে বোঝে না এমন ভুল বোঝাবুঝি এবং অতিরঞ্জিত উপাদানগুলিকে জাগিয়ে তুলতে পারে এমন অদ্ভুততা। Absolutely ridiculous It is clear that people live, breathe and have no respect of faith when such flicks come in. <br /> <br /> Ink mother is actually a caring and compassionate mother, we have her tears drowning and love for beautiful feet. And I'm happy, sometimes with his fans, and my mother took the form of military force to protect. <br /> <br /> There is much praise of the real Kali Ma, who has shown the way of God and the way of understanding.
