I saw Heilide Canyon and immediately saw it so there was some improvement. Above it, I prevent Jumbo 3 to 28 days ago and compare its signals. Unfortunately I saw it more and I understand what was Danny Boyle original and how much the movie was affected 28 weeks ago <br /> <br /> No one can understand the date of the date of this 28 franchises, Italian horror movie . I was pretty sure that the jambi 3 was supposed to be made in the very recent times of 1980 or 1981 - in any case I said 28 years ago (Geddit?) - but I was not released until 1988. It was released in 1988. All production values ​​shout that it is less budget splatter flick than the beginning of a decade. I enjoyed this movie like a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, as my colleague would be, but not now <br /> <br /> most of the problems involved in the lack of internal continuity. For example, some jambles make a snap with a speed of snails, others can run very fast and get self-awareness, which leads to a ridiculous last scene involving a DJ. Likewise, some may be kicked from the mouth, others are alive, even if their head stops, even if you do not see the refrigerator scene, you can just laugh. Even serious characters are also suffering from such narrow rural scripting where a character suddenly publishes a helicopter pilot who asks me why the army has appointed him to run the zip for his career. <br /> <br /> Clearly, The film reminds me of the Cruises, which reminds me of the next 28 films. The bunch of terrorists breaks the scientific basis which leads to all kinds of disasters and the military tries to kill both the infected and the survivors of the bad people, and before the end you will die everybody. The problem with this is that it will be immediately remembered how you did so well on a larger budget of the British franchise. Not only that, 28 franchises will apply to thoughtful viewers who may have little interest in average horror movies. Junkie 3 will appeal to anyone without a hardcore splatter audience
