In 1979 Lucio Fulci released her movie Jawsie. However, due to the previous import of George Romero's Don of the Dead, it was rewritten in the name of the Italian release, which was rewritten in Jumme 2. (The audience had a bonus to think of it as a sequel. Second Romero movie). Continuing this theme, the second zoom movie was called Jumpy 2. This was later known as Jumie 3. The original zoom movie in the United Kingdom (Junkie 2) was titled "Jumbo Flush Eaters". To continue this theme, the second Zombi film for the second YouTube Liberation War (Zombi 3) ​​was then titled "Jumboom Fever Eaters 2". (Are you following all of this?) So if Jumbo Flush Eaters is Coriu Dawn, then on the day of his death? Although it only carries a flashing observation, military compounds, helicopter and an impressive description, this story certainly carries a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> This is something that is compulsion in a European film such as Phulchi, but acting, dubbing and exposure-heavy scripts are absolutely horrendous. Its environmental message is so strong and exaggerated, it can not be considered as a theorem, although a (oddly) delightful bird reverence Combining these last ingredients with 80-hour rock is not a good idea. For some reason I could not think of the time of apps (q.v.), I was seeing it all the time. Obviously this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> There is nothing here to compete with splu-diving, shark wrestling zombies and splendid splenders, Phulchi's misogynistic leanings work with the mouth of a hotel cleaner. The ground in a mirror until it gushes to a blood. His Finnish Gore Pidilations also saw a hand break. Both the themes are combined when a woman's face bursts, the first one is by a zombie, then a zombie embryo which is tears from pregnant woman's stomach. <br /> <br /> Production-oriented, it's probably a step from Zombi, coming after five years. (Nine years in worldwide release). But the basic loki struggles without charm, though Stefano Payne's music is inappropriate and unclear. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about the movie '79. Here's what weirdly like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out a Hero Holding" sounds played for zombie attacks. In the midst of this assassination we are interested in boring love, and Roger and Kenny, the type of two brand masochors that do everything with increasing urgency and constantly express it. ("We're out of ammunition" is a stalling gun is a certain standout). But it is zombies among themselves where it falls down. Low keys or not, Fulci's original was really fantastic, rolling zombies. Skull faces, worms on eye socket ... they really had something to look for. On the contrary, this dull follow-up chooses the more traditional "men with a little bit of paint on their faces" option. <br /> <br /> Climax makes fun of many Romero movies, while Dj is a sloppy and cheap descriptive device. The turmoil of the first and unexplained nudity do not contain the same content, this is not likely to appeal the same upheaval. <br /> <br /> it shows that the flowering has actually gone out of the project after being directed at fifteen minutes, while the others painted bruno matei. I'm pretty sure that the fool will fool even the bright "flying jammy head" scene, and give credit to the director for giving up so good feelings. Unfortunately, this is its name, which is on the title of the Liberation War, so most people will go with this impression that it is through a cult film and through it This is a big problem for him on this scale because you imagine that Phalke will consider everyone as the worst crime: it is boring.
