Jungshi 3 starts as a group of forced men armed to an experimental chemical theft to revive the death, when people are trying to flee and the chemical holdings are violated in metal containers. The man gets some green chemical at his wound in his hand, which soon after eating a cannabalistic zombie made him a meat. Within a few hours the neighborhood is roaming with flesh in search of new victims, Kenny (Daryan Sarfian) and his army friends find themselves in big trouble because they are Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and his friend Liya (Deborah Bargama), who by jambi bird (!) has been pecked. General Morton is in charge of the situation and has jumped the junky plugs all over the world! But he and his men will be successful? <br /> <br /> This Italian production film was directed by Italian Junkie Gore film Autur Lucio Fully, but the story suffered from her stroke and so the film could not finish so much producer. French Guadenje II unit director Bruno Matti and writer Claudio Fragaso promoted and asked to complete the film. Apparently Mattie and Fragaso did more than finish it, they actually ignored many shots of footage and added many of their own and Zombi 3 ended up as 50/50 split. The script by Fragasso is an absolute mess, as it is no better thought and stupid as it gets. People attack attacks zombie birds are not technically technically but the whole idea is just stupid. Zombies themselves have no adjustments, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and shuffle along with the zombies as they are slowly but then look at the scene where before she was attacked with zombie with machete, since it's one run it's steroid, 10 minutes before the end of the movie The ability to speak suddenly for a reasonable explanation does not appear, which seems frustrating. There are many errors with Zombi 3, apparently misconceptions and scenes of strangely managed steps, horror characters, and truly half-broken English conversations that do not understand in half sense. There is a shameful scene where the jambo head suddenly flows through the air in the refrigerator and develops the ability to bump into someone's throat, when the end of the white pollution seeks to kill Kenny and Roger, instead of using them, instead of using them, they try their hands with automatic rifles And he decides to kill, who lifted the gun himself, even though he still has their rif Refused to use the lights, and Kenny began to shoot all of them, they still refused to use their rifles, and they never put the most shameless scenes in films, and then finally Kenny went to the helicopter, but literally landed on the ground to pick up his friend for a few seconds. It can not take a rest and then a sudden load of the body Rural chu comes up from the grass, what? Since the zombies were hiding alone under their grass linen? It may sound like 'funny', but it does not believe it is a bad movie that just does not work as a part of entertainment without annoying, repetitive and just a little strange smile. <br /> <br> It is difficult to know what was responsible for what is properly, but none of the footage is particularly good shot. There is a cynical sense of humor about it, and for some reason the manufacturers tried to bathe each scene in smoke, the problem is that they were clearly just a fog machine and you can see that the mist on the corner of the screen is probably quite thick, it is coming out directly from the machine and spreading across the scene. Have read. Because most of it is set in the daytime, it does not attach any kind of atmosphere and when it gets right and the fog is spread evenly across the screen, it seems that they shot the scene in a dirty day! The direction is poor with no adjustment and it just looks and feels below the barrel material. Even the blood and the womb are not high, there is some pain in the beginning, when a pregnant woman comes out of her stomach, a radioactive woman (actually snatching the path between her feet), why she saved her leg to save her. Did not you?) And some just found the corpse gets as hello. Anyone who can expect that the flower is regularly served in the late 70s and early 80's, they will be disappointed, there is no suitable feeding scene, no intestines, no 'head shots' and very little. <br /> <br /> <br /> Technically, the film looks poor, special effects are cheap, cinematography is lazy, music is terrible, places are soft and its value is low production below stone. It was actually shot in the Philippines to minimize it. The whole film has been explicitly dubbed, though the acting seems still terrible and the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a signal of Fluchi classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do except cash in the title. I'm sorry but Zombi 3 is a amateur amateur mess in a movie, it's annoying, it does not give any idea, it's not funny enough to entertain and it lacks a beautiful cow. One to avoid
