Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did. Nevertheless, I wanted to be able to enjoy it being another junky film that was worth my loot, and it was not there. It was a different kind of enjoyment. It was unhealthy, part of watching a reverse gly that I still see the most ridiculous movie ID. And I did not take much care of what Phulasi's excuse was, it was not an excuse for this movie how it's going. It was one of the worst movies, but I still could not give it below 4 out of ten, which I gave it because ... at least I could have laughing with this mistake in the movie. <<br /> <br /> I had to imagine these zombies, which were everywhere on the roof of this house ... They had to imagine that they were both bored like hell, so they crawled in gems, and climbed themselves. Stone erections, or they saw the band sawing the imminent fleshly band off of jungle-off, so they took to the level of many sky-high ambushes carrying on them. Hell, what else to do when you die? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh some to show some jarring like Martin Art Swing, Kicks, and Jumps, and some traditional meat shops. I have never been told that feeding my eyes on a floating head. The land that the Filipinos had, the land was completely foggy, the fog was heavy and the ponds were flying in the food of the sickle. When I saw the design of the remedy for this plague was pasted on a chalkboard, the "dead one" was written with the lines extending from each corner. I had to ask myself ... if science is easy to treat, I am surprised if I can bring something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All effects were overwhelming, dubbing was awesome, I'm sure that acting as poor, story is weird, zombies inconsistent, even in a bad way, they may even be the same, and women ugly, but I enjoy myself these things Available to do It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would not recommend this thing if I do not have any bad directory exploitation film, but again I would say ... it was a good laugh value. I do not do Jabby movies anymore, but when it was associated with Phulasi, it was better. Give me the courage to say, Zumbo was like Holocaust.
