Although some of the other 80+ comments for this movie have less attention to this comment, I think I have something to say about this. I'm not a movie observer who focuses on production costs, thought-provoking conversations, or brilliant performances and directions. However, I claim that this movie sucks. I do not know why I do not like it ... I mean that I have almost everything in a horror movie: Blood, helplessness, strangers, etc. According to this proof it should be my favorite. Still, Zombi 3 is a Baad movie. <br /> <br /> There are so many things that make you shout on the screen. When the woman breaks her car to find a car, the girl leaves the soldier (the looters do not think so in such a way). He sees what I do as a abandoned hotel or something. Did he not see that there was a freysin lake in the middle of the building ??? Yes he is looking for water and passes a lake. Why? Cuz he wants to know why people (who are not abandoned in the Cuz places) will not answer him when he calls out: "Does anyone have?" Oh, I can not paint this picture just a little bit. There is a reason here, why I made this photo more than 1. This is a movie where you have made a mistake, forget how bad it is, as I have a few times, you will want to see it again because it is so top of every aspect. I said it blood in the first paragraph, but there is no blood in this film, it is a cow's sea. Also, there are also fantastic strange creatures: a zombie-child (with an adult size ???) and a wizard flying head, only two names. <br /> <br /> When you try, you know the worst and cheesiest movie ever made, and you come up with '50's sci-fi movie? I believe that Zombi 3 and it should be the movie top who like it. It has all the elements: Scientists are debating with the government, the warning of universal caution on the radio, the fighting forces with the monsters etc. This is the 80's plan 9! Although I do not want to say that if you want to buy it it is a waste, only very bad. And when you expect that the worst is to reduce Zombi 3, then it will not be bad. You can actually like it, I'm not saying it is impossible. <br /> <br /> I do not think I hate this film, really not. Oh, ps. Birds kill (Lawyer Jabber 5) rules! (Did I just blow my credibility?)
