I am the bright fan of Lucio Flachi, and I still say that he was quite disappointed with "Lupe 3" (Um. "Jumbo Flesh Eaters 2") second 1988, Bruno Matthi and Claudy Fragaso. . It is particularly disappointing compared to the fairy flower of 1978, its classic Gore classic "Zombi 2" (Uk. "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie"), especially compared to its great predecessor. Of course, less than 4.5 ratings have already proposed that this is not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not Italian joobom flicks and Italian horror films enthusiast fan and low budget absorption movies, I love rewarded with very low rating Many movies that have been made. Also, many of my fellow Italian Harper buffs seem to be inherent in this film, which I can not agree with sadly. Not that the film was a complete disaster. It has some release properties on Falici's boring effects, which is always monitored for Italian Horoscope / Gore buff. The basic idea behind the movie is not bad (though it was far from the original) and I like the ruthless screenplay of the military. Sadly, about it. The great predecessor "Zombi 2" was very shiny, but then still it was curiously vague, it is unclear or horrible for a minute, and the only true reason to see the annoying and often surprising ghor "Zombi 3" Movies sometimes look fun, but only for Gore, and as a stranger comedy. I think it originally came from Fluchi and the rest of the frustration from Matti and Fragaso, the first of which was involved in the nasty religion (such as D'Amato's "Porn Holocaust"), and which is the second one ever responsible for the worst movies ever made, God is awful "Troll 2 ". Overall, it is definitely visible to Gore, but in all the flawless movies I've seen, it is definitely the worst, and I saw most of the editors of this great filmmaker. I am a Fulci fan, and I will always be there, but this does not guarantee his magic moment. It may be fun for Gore, but I recommend to watch the other fullchi movie before!
