I can not be indifferent to the movies of Lars van Tier. I think 'wave breaking' is nothing less than a masterpiece. I like 'Night in the Night'. The idea in 'Dogvil' is appreciated but overall exercise saw me very dry and very much theater, less movies. 'Europa', which I now see was a famous movie, successfully achieved European film success in the United States and received an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film, but my opinion did not save well. This is a very clear and outgoing exercise in the movie industry in my taste. <br /> <br /> This story has an overly obscure that can not escape the viewer. World War II was the time of the Second World War, not the black and white winners of the victors and defeated the executioners and predators; rather, at the time of hesitation, when people of both sides were fighting to survive after a catastrophic event, the life of the people and the people is still the source of debate even today, more than two decades As was earlier novel and brave. Yet it is the medium of expressions that are not really suitable for the task. <br /> <br /> This picture appears to contain many quotes quoted directly from Hitkoch's films, especially in its first film - in Europe, with the brave British spy espionage, the tribunal crosses the ocean in high speed darkness in Germany. Trains were a symbol of the earth and its intensity and drama. Here the train has become the first surprising symbol of the German Revolution, after the war, with its capabilities, policies and regulations, its obsession, time and duration. Trains that fills the classical spy stories away from good or bad guys. The main character is a young American from the German tribe, coming to fight for the postwar Europe and willing to be part of the process of reconciliation, found himself in an expansive world of corruption and corruption, the freedom fighters are looking for more like tyrannical captains, who resigned without resigning. They are willing to continue their path for self-destiny, with love being mixed with suspicion. <br /> <br /> <br /> This is still the classical film treatment that betrayed the director in this regard. Characters are characterized by actions by Leonard Kassler, Jean-Marc Bar, and lack of credibility. The overall cinematography seems to be from Hitkoch's bad imitation, not like Hitachote, but at the end of the 30's. At the moment of emotional intensity, the use of black and white film colors used most of the time is also very prominent. Van Triar does not achieve his artistic medium skills, but he is very authoritative, he seems to try very hard to show what a great filmmaker is. He is really great, he will show in his next few films, but it will be left to the audience to decide it.
