... but I hope from Caroline Munro good. She has done some good films, and I hope that it will be good. In fact, he and the other blonde girl's character (the woman that I sold electricity) 8-11 actors were only two who could work. This picture has the worst performance I've ever seen. Almost as bad as 'Siko' (1998). In fact, the female is pouring acid on the stomach and the fact that it is a fountain and a martyr. She starts screaming, and her screams are probably the most annoying words in the whole world. He tries to get out, but comes back "accidentally". I will admit, violence and stories are good with Harry Manfredini's music, but acting can be a lot better. There were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they're a strange bizarre similarity to a bare. Also, when they find the woman's dead body in the bathtub, then you think they will scream and buffer. No, Caroline Munro and blonde women are the only reaction. Frank and Joe barely show any signs of fear or hate. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton of my best friends, I'd be discouraged. Also, Joe begins to say stuff "What happened to the martyrs was an accident, it is not our fault." He says it looks like his nervous or horrible but rarely any facial expression. Then the blonde girl starts crying and says, "I'm scared!" And he grabs Joe I guess the actress does not really know any guy. The end of the film is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. "Jaw: Revenge" is more confusing than measuring. All eight friends are killed, the martyrs kill them all, but then, you see something that seems to be smuggling him by the body of his dead body, and then he is still martyred from the accident in the hospital, and then when the film ends As martial dresses try to sedate him as a nurse, but then we see that martyr is gaining in his clothes Has killed or killed a doctor like somethin, and the film ends with his face peeling peeling skin. Which leads me to this next question. What was the time when the author came with her?!?!?!? Did he really want to understand what happened to people? The last left me confused. Was the character still alive? Shaheed still being angry? Have we seen the events or still not happening? I do not know. Overall, this movie was quite stupid. Acting sucked, the music was just fine, the story was quite decent (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of your average 80s teen slasher flicks. Watch it only for Harry Manfredini and Caroline Muncher 2/10 <br /> <br /> - Simon Schmidmor (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film from the deliberate misuse of drugs. I guess the only person who knew this film was really what it was. A pie of SAa **
