This film opens with a flashback on Dusdsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students dance is a fantastic game of Shaheed Shaheed Minar. When they are punished for ridicule, they follow with a big surprise (which is similar to the course of bogus slash films on the classroom) and suddenly burns the Marty, and they are thoroughly refined by the acid. . Five years in the fast, where we find members of the group of BCL students abandoned now for their five year class reunion. We see that it is not a compromise that every reviewer was involved in the funkback scene from the flashback scene, because all the participants were stricter in the increasingly complex and narrower, mysterious, Jesse's masked cleric. Funny fashion It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the murderer's identity, because it does not say anything other than a frustrating Marty, who publicly uses his brutal anger and high intelligence according to the physics and engineering law. School rig for her vengeance scenario Martin reverses the film for the revenge of his past painful revenge, only to be scared of the fear of their ghosts. Marty gets completely pushed on the edge and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes in the crossende of the wicked curiosum because the entire revenge scene has suddenly woke up in the hospital bed, Martin's bed woke up, he was freed from his control, knocked out a nurse, and finally dropped his own bed. Face <br /> <br /> <br /> The script is suffering from tired and awful movie logic terminals. The only fundamentality comes from mind-numbingly conoluted ways that sent patients. It seems weird tacked on the end-it-all-a-dream finishing. Almost everyone attention to the diverse nature of the film and the author decides that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the film is violent. Some scenes were so dark that I had to stop filming and play with my television. Even sub-par, for the acting slash film. I can not help but think that the welding is part of the problem because all actors look at at least five years of age as described above, which makes the flashback scene even more ridiculously ridiculous. Their lack of commitment to the film has become clear because they can not stop keeping their expression directly through half the movie. <br /> <br /> This is saying, if you like bad movie then you might think this one, too. This is not the worst movie of the genre, but it is far from the best.
