I do not know if these film problems are not guilt or scripts. The way you edit many of the editing styles you will see reviews is overdone. This is absolutely confusing and without substance, which can be considered as a good thing if you see some quotes in the movie. I'm not writing reviews here, but this movie was so horrific that it was worth the comment. Movies like this erode as an art form to create movies. Such films more clearly show that the current reality in the movie is the quality of the characters behind them. People are fake there, there are 5 senses, and business sense - overlooking the internal life there. But I do not blame them, the unfortunate age of this age - by films like this, is worthy. But by proxies I do not say to these creators that artists will be disturbed by the lack of internal life or respect to the screen - spreading it to everyone. The story of the arrogant hunter, guns and more guns, the story of heavy sexual intercession - hey so popular actress (they wrote the lap dance scene after signing it?), Involved, excessive collector, one liner, non-linear plot All different and yet all the same. Annoying music to push emotions down your throat is annoying. A story Character development? Or just blocking, missing information, creating a story * effect * to publish - as if someone happens. It lacks something quite similar to the remote subtlety. It's a fancy of stereotypes and styles. Where is the movie with awareness? What about the sound and music subtlety that you are not even aware of? What about the depth of an appearance? What about editing with a point about mind and consciousness? Yes even the action film can happen this. Sure they have honed a craft; But what is the use of the soul or without knowledge? Insight of the human condition? Those who commented and said that it can compare with industry abusers, or Picasso and others - I say beside Gandhi or Godfather, even the master trilogy of the Star Wars or Lord of the Rings; Then look at the face and say again. This is a good crew, but they need some help with depth and stories. I hope they get it because I like the previous workers. Good luck next time.
