This was another dark Christmas-related title, the Mexican production of less budget than the exploiting filmmaker Cardona (Knight of the Buddy Appis [1 969], Tintonia! [1977])? Like many continuous efforts from this country? Who in the US Gordon was acquired for publication in Murray. Judging by two attempts already mentioned, Cardona was no visionary ?? And, this one has already received its share of flak here, of course no good! Indeed, this movie is surprisingly surprising, which has identified Mexican horror events in this era, but in the gray color (which saw the specialty of the reds, what did the Devil's proceedings play a major role ?, was essential). However, in short, this plot involves Satan's attempt to unite Santa Claus' Christmas Eve with the children of the earth; However, there are more painful side-by-side: Our portals, white-bearded and literal mercury live happily in a stylish palace, as well as children from toys around the world. They sing as their piano (hardly the first train!) Visited their local language, Marlon ?? The famous magician in the court of King Arthur, here is a bizarre but cheerful sunny and aphrodisiac kids! ?? Once every year, to achieve the wave that will bring the flexibility of the young person and make himself invisible (according to the absence of Wizards in the way, here is less unlikely than Dr. Frankenstein's classmate among Dracula's sons) [1974] !!); Incidentally, by this time, does he always seem to have gained some extra weight? So Santa will have to work to fit in each proverbial chimney! Saturn's enthusiasm for holding Saint Nick's delivery program (enthusiastically folding each and the other with a hand tied) is completely complete: In fact, the shathangans look for older men and hardy routines for their title. Than anything To pad out the running time, we focus on three sets of children: One, the only son of the wealthy couple who does not want much more than their company for Christmas (a wish-to-maturity is seen as a fantasy where the boy is covered in his parents. !), A girl from a poor household who owns a doll (horned person first tries to steal her Then attacking the little dream?) And three brats who are making eggs by the devil, not thinking anything but creating wickedness and eventually falling into themselves. There are definitely imagery in the workplace, but it is applied with little rhythm or reason, while the overall kids' view of entertainment (until the film is considered guilty) is in love!
