Fallen Ones Begins Archeological Mat Flatcher (Kasper van Dien) discovered the 42-feet long mammoth remains of the monster in the desert, now there is something you do not see every day. Matt is working for property developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to enjoy the holiday on the land and he called fellow archaeologist Angela (Christian Miller) for uncertain reasons. However, when they lost both the groups, trying to understand what they got in their hands, Morton called Amon Security (Naveed Nighahaban) for control of Moron situation. Meanwhile, the ancient text translator Rabbi Eli Schmidt (Tom Bosley) translated some ancient texts (as he wants) and was surprised by an evil prediction that these giants will stand up and accept the earth for the fallen one, or something else. It's up to the day and the whole planet to save ... <br /> <br /> Writer and directed Kevin Vanhook, who played a small role as a veteran leader in the beginning of the film, I personally thought The Falun Ann is a terrible movie and it is so easy And straighten it. There are many things that are very bad in both the technical and conceptual levels of The Fallen Ones, this script does not fully fund and it does not actually last until the last 20 minutes. I lost the desire to live around. The character is very horrible and like your favorite cliché, dialogue is very bad, very bad and the whole movie seems to be predictable, I mean that it will not come as a surprise that Kaspershire Van Deeen is going to save the day? It is not surprising that the mummified giant life is coming back, so the film should wait for more than an hour when most of the audience is in comatose state. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> The director does not print Vahuuk, the war scenes are horrific and why do you dress your bad guy in the shadow of perfunctory? They look nuff The special effect itself on Giant Mummy to give it a little credit is actually good even though many of them seem to have some normal size mummies because they do not exist for more than one hour. Directly from the set of Mummy (1999), unfortunately it is not used for a great effect and actually damages it as some comic relief. Mechanical Mummy was a fantastic idea but looked stupid and there is no way in the world that people inside it can harmonize with one another, I would actually think of a more ridiculous idea. Forget about any fear, stress or atmosphere and do not think of any violence or violence because it is not there. <br /> <br /> Technically the Falun Ens is not something special and there is little to get excited about the impressive giant mummy effects. Scratch CGI & Water Impact is terrible, it has been created and TV shows. Actor was poor, Wagner felt embarrassed, and probably this day could be found just like Deene and Bosley. <br /> <br /> The Fallen Ons is a bad movie, so far there are no two ways I'm worried. It is not recommended at any level or in any way.
