Destructive ship inspired many books and movies of the Titanic tragedy. War between nature and technology always caught the imagination of human beings. The latest film about the tragedy was written and directed by the famous action filmmaker James Cameron in the Atlantic Ocean. The story of "Titanic" involves two fabulous characters from different backgrounds (Leonardo de Caprio and Kate Winslet) (a hobby artist, another indigenous) and how their love wins the social barrier and the tragedy of a sinking ship. First, although using the historical name, the film has rarely respected history. The plot was built almost two legendary lovers, French diamonds, and treasure hunters. He became the only background of the death of more than 1,000 people in the biggest luxury ship of his time. Many historic events have easily forgotten. Where was the radio operator ignoring the snow warning? Why there is no mention of the ship just 5 miles away from the Titanic, but his captain did not come to rescue because of failure to detect the problem? This tragedy omitting this incident is an insult. And with the fantastic Chess romance, what was the point of making this historic disaster delicious when the story was already sad. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was rather shallow; Rich greed and corruption are equal, poverty is equal to compassion and heroism. How to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about money corruption is very adulterous. There was no human body shown in opposition heroes. I think Billy Jane is playing a part of Satan. Welding was very poor. If you are less than 2 inches smaller than the Dinfrey Winslet, you can swear that she was her baby-sitter. The film length was unnecessarily extended for 3 hours. Before the audience goes to a familiar theater, the first hour and half of the relationship between long known characters is lost and the conversation used to do it gets worse. The "I've seen you" and "this side of the ship mine" cause more pain than people screaming as well as drowning. Also, jokes were abundant and rather hair. <br /> <br /> There were some moving scenes of "Titanic", the musicians were playing when the ship was going down, but they were not close to any origin. The best thing about this movie was its special effect, and this was the only thing that won the prize. <br /> <br /> Although the film was fairly lacking in industrial value, Romeo (Dicaprio) could not play a hymn public, and so the movie was successful. Now it seems safe that the industry will not be hesitant to invest a huge amount of money in a single motion picture, so it looks like "Titanic" has achieved some later.
