ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly suspended film and finally the storm stormed through a shower of elephants and when I finished this film I was really very happy. Considering the meaning and cast, you will be sure that the film can be even better, although I also ask about the strange casting of Anna Andras as a love for Anne Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I just can not see it as a couple. Perhaps it may be the fault of replacing Ms. Taylor in the last minute (due to Miss Leg's bad mentality) - although I have hard times imagining Andrews and Legs. Also, for an English woman, Miss Taylor does not seem to be trying to use even an accent. <br /> <br /> The photo starts with Peter Finch and Taylor's meeting and is married in England. Their plans come back from the tea gardens of Finale (Sri Lanka) and first it seems to be a good life. However, there is no woman to talk and family members bother her. On top of that, once back home, Finn ch behaves like a drunken jerk and Taylor is sad. Nepean Andrews can see this and he announced his reluctant emotion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to abandon her marriage. But through the film Finch knows the lease as more objects and finally he is ready to leave ... when blue colored, colored attack plants. So it is necessary to save Andrew, Finch and Taylor for one day - although at the moment I really do not care, because there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialog is very neutral and you do not understand <br /> <br /> This image Not particularly compelling or believable, and despite a modest budget of the Paramount, the film is a tragic mess. I was particularly impressed that although the picture appears in the picture, most of the scenes were depicted in a studio with clearly illustrated (and grain) shots that were not well integrated. For example, in one vision, Taylor, Finch and many others are sitting in the verandah and the grass is bright green. Then, when the picture dances right in front of people, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are not actually scenes of scenes in this scene with Sylhet or Buddha in space. My suggestion is to avoid it or keep a coffee bottle at least so that you are awake. Despite its budget, it is not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> What part of this photo can Miss Taylor be pregnant? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) she is wearing a bollywood dress, a double-chin and a gimmick. This is not a criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look carefully, you will see what you understand. <br /> <br /> Also, like many fundamental conspiracy giants - actually a great Taylor movie! It is amazing to do so much in casting and decent aspects.
