Wonders. Satirical Genuine Surrealism Butterfly wings? Someone can best describe these questions and some (who can fuse with international film communities) can quickly say Hapstensans, but others can climb more American trains and may shout the Butterfly effect immediately. Curiously, I'll be the one who screams for the science fiction film, because the words I've mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph have correctly shown the Toute feature which I saw. Sure, we all loved Amelie and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in Da Vinci Code, but for the first time the director (at least one feature film) Laurent Firod did not give the opportunity to shine toauwu in the film. Sadly, he did not give himself the opportunity to show himself in the real sense, because he was very impressive at the moment of "random opportunity" to bring the film to something else, but only a shimma (not true feet). The fair is fair enough, and I use the word "wide" like this little word, at this moment the movie, where he could make us a fantastic story, a true fantasy story and a coincidence of love, but instead he was the first mask unfamiliar bakat with us Inconsistent characters and a story that allows us to push at least gas Yeche. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The beautiful face of Tutu arranged the lid of this box, but I did not think that it was going to be another memorable journey in the French cinema of the Portuguese. Tautu is in this movie, do not make me wrong, but anyone may argue that this story is not in the center. The work of the firod is to create a series of random events that will eventually eliminate the audience's friendly (though confusing), which means refreshing "melidramma" means. He completely, completely failed. Firod fails with us, the audience, many letters. He has given us many random interferences with many letters, and ultimately you have no difference in who you are, or what, or how it is done; Your main focus will be central only on the last credit and the destination during their arrival. Taoo could also save this image from the disaster, if only the firod would give him the center. Well, he did not, but to force a group of 12 teams through a theoretical film hole in a pony-shaped attempt to forcibly forcefully. It just did not work and we were going through a jam in which we were stuck completely. The <br /> <br /> failed because he paid so much attention to the minor detail that in one of these rare films, he actually forgot central focus. I can say that there was no defined Central Focus in Haptonstance. In the beginning, he tried to create one with our two supposed original characters that they shared the same birthday and promised their love for the moon in the light of the moon, but we never return to the whole film. Instead, again, we've bombarded new characters, stuff scenes, and meaningless drills, which are probably selected to take us away from a trustworthy story with "true stories," and "lightning". I could not do it. I could not believe this picture. Author Firod (Yes, the same person who runs this trick) uses so much primitive technique in this movie that I immediately feel like ending it immediately. He must have assumed that many of us were incapable of following the storyline (or scientific basis) because he helped in fulfilling the needs of the homeless person in his own place. I did not need this, or I do not think Firod needs to disturb his audience in this regard. Although there were other ingredients that did not work for me (again, the fork paper was felt like a waking Parisian collage), it was the ice of the cake. I do not need my hands through film. <br /> <br /> I give a star to credit this image. This is a rather difficult style to master successfully. Time travel movies are not counted for countless reasons, especially for solid reasons, but it works with Happenstance because the firods are half-searched in different ways. Although I say that he does not work well, he enjoys at least five minutes of joy. Firod was the true painter of the film, where I liked it, but the movie was scattered in the final execution. Firod could save this film if he would strengthen his character and make his generation and stories light. I think if the overall mood of these two films is taken only if two general guidelines are taken, then it will be changed. Oh, how can I just take time to return to the production of this film, to show errors in its return. <br /> <br /> Overall for the first time (and possibly last), it is a tutu film that I must be utterly frustrated. To the overwhelming end of harmful exposure, I felt that the failure of Firod's leadership and horrible marketing failed Happensensation. Marketing is one thing I have not mentioned before, but why would anyone think of buying this image that it is an Amelie 2 (according to the headline published in Hong Kong), and why do you keep the cover of the cover flat in order to know it completely? This film is not carried out. I believe that from the first minute of my DVD player, this film was involved. Although I would appreciate his subject, everything else was under the mediatory level. I can not recommend this picture to anyone. <br /> <br /> Grade: * ***** Outside
