I'm a brilliant fan of violent exploitation film, who will not attack a film to be violent or annoying. I consider "Canibol Holocaust" a great composition and will always keep controversial films like "Day of the Woman" or "Last House on the Left" as genuine classic. Anyone who browses through comments from other users will notice that for the movies I am really very violent / proud. However, I think there should be at least some points of violence. There is no point in this piece of shit. The first film "The Devils Experiment" (1985), in the infamous "Guinea Pig" series, is widely controversial, however, it is not recommended for this stinger to oppose another controversial film. I must say that before seeing any of the Guni-Pig films I was thinking that I would hate it, to know what it was. As the condition of the most controversial movies around, I decided that I would see it. I'm very happy that I did not cut this piece into pieces, and I'm sure I did not waste my time with him. <br /> <br /> (I do not want this a 'film' call): This is not a single one. Three scumbags have been executed for 40 minutes a woman boring. That's it. There is no artistic value, no 'ghastly' story, no doubt; There is nothing. Only mistrust is a movie that does not show anything without torturing a woman, it follows the extraordinary culture. It's annoying, I give it. Of course it's annoying to see the torture video for 40 minutes. But what's more annoying, in fact, actually many people actually consider such a type of pile as an excellent composition. I do not really understand why. The effects of Gore can not be realistic because of the realistic look, I hope. The girl who hunts, is not a very good actor, and gives very calm reactions to all the tortures. That film's less realistic look, which is a good thing, in this single case. This is a movie which is ill; His existence, not for his pregnancy, but for his misdeeds, for the sole purpose of torturing 40 minutes. <br /> <br /> I oppose any kind of censorship. Since it is 100% fake and nobody has been hurt during its production, so it is legitimate to make such a film. However, why can not I recall the single reason why anyone would like it except the illusory desire of suffering and torture. The film's "Selection of Flesh and Blood" was released when actor Charlie Shane did wrong for the genuine snap movie and told the FBI. Fortunately, the film turned out to be fake. Overall, "The Devils Experiment" is a fake motive / snap film that seems to be the only purpose of seeing as much as possible a real sniff film. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Test" I was unfortunately ever sat down among the worst movies. Do not torture yourself by trying to dislodge his piece with this piece of shit. Benefit yourself and avoid it. Zero stars in 10, I wish I had a negative scale to correctly rated this piece of nonsense.
