The first salutation of the David Mammoth film is praised by many as a genuine thought film, a movie that asks you questions about everything and everything. I recently saw it for the first time and understand that it was not supposed to be so big about it. <br /> <br /> This film is about Margaret, a woman psychologist who is a best-selling author. Margaret is confused by his job and his disability to really help anyone. He tried to amend his patient's gambling debt by sticking to a shark named Mike (played by Joe Mentega, the only reason to see this movie). He discovered that Mike is actually a professional self-confident person, when he is almost bribe, he arrives quickly after meeting him. Curiosity, he came back to visit him and congratulated him on how the acting artists (he plans to use it as a new psychology book). Then he fell for him and for a long time he and his partners set up. <br /> <br /> I do not feel like giving details, but at the end of the film it has been revealed that Mike and his chronicles of the whole film were an extensive concept to swim within $ 80,000 by Margaret. <br /> <br /> First, the big turn at the end is very optimistic. Any scenes where the Kan Manas were operating, were played on stage and made very clear by the strange line. Not only that, but the audience (and the main character) knows that they are working with the Con Convention, so is it really an amazing event, when we know that Margaret himself has been banned? Besides, Margaret is an intelligent psychologist who is an expert in human education, yet he permits himself to cheat easily - and remember, he knows perfectly that Mike is an artist. Secondly, we believe that Margaret started from the beginning, even though to work ultimately, she had to do a lot of work, which she did not want to cons cons First, he had to decide to help his patient's debt settlement, he was allowed to show the Convention in the first place. If he did not do this, the whole genius would have failed. I just want to say that it is very unreasonable to assume that it is going to take a mental patient to settle gambling debt. Not only this, but in the night it can be seen that if the judgment is present in the right place, what is the idea? Would he just come and expect that he would look at that bar every night? Another thing that could happen was not to be predicted, Margaret was again asked to meet Mike and teach him his business strategy. What is strange about this event? And still the whole console is based on this premises. <br /> <br /> Another problem was with the end I was. Margaret found out that she was crying and decided to take revenge on Mike. First, the mamet leads us to believe that he is going to challenge Kanan, but it falls, so the final end is that Mike shot dead at the airport's luggage area. Anyhow that con artists feel like a tedious and inaccessible way to finish a movie about running their business. Not only that, but he did not return the money stolen from him. Finally, the movie makes you feel empty and incomplete. And if you predict, like before me, before canceling Margaret, you will be dissatisfied with this ambiguity.
