When I read the essence of the movie, something happens when a person receives God's power, and later how he learns that the supernatural forces require huge physical responsibilities and strength, although it was a tricky and original idea. Casting was very committed, Curry, Freeman, Aniston ... a good idea for not mentioning the price of the movie and how good actors can be bad? It could be. Idea is good, but scripts and stories itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan, be honest, is a beautiful middle journalist, not a great story (such as a giant cookie story, no obscure passage and the report of Niagara completely embarrassing!), He is completely disciplined with a job (he is not a good journalist, he is a comedian) , Considering its feasibility, a beautiful house, sweet sweet girlfriend and oh harrah !!!! Dogs who are not trained !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce starts filming God, "God, why do you hate me!" In the process, the average audience must remember: "Why, what's wrong in your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and people definitely do not have the real problem in life. Most of the problems that occur with him are small and the mistakes he makes are not really valuable, and some of them are only the result of his stupidity. Most people are really big problems, attention is paid, most people are paying more attention to attention that Bruce, who does not look very human after all, even realistic, too stupid and neurotic, but God still addresses him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks beautiful as a god, I can not help but ask what he is doing in this particular bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives his strength? In this movie God can easily give his ability to a 5 year old child and there is no difference. No, wait, perhaps a smart kid will probably use his God's power over Bruce. What does Bruce? Romantic atmosphere, red sap pieces, a beautiful woman dresses on the street, answers prayers by e-mail and makes them all authentic !!!! No, Bruce, please! Could Bruce really end the world, but in the movie, which will not happen, because it is "beautiful, family, small film" and it does not make any sense !!! Curiosity, a real humor, discretion, is not an indication of at least some dirty humor !!! There is nothing. Only Carrie is playing intelligent, which started to suppress the middle-aged actor. Here Aniston is understated. She played the pale, steady character of Bruce's girlfriend Grace and forgot completely in this movie. None of the right mind would believe that there is no chemistry between these two. It is only long and kind, but not completely false when Grace calls for prayer for Bruce. These two are not meant to be together. I will give three stars, but I doubt one claim to the movie. Bad script, crippled dialogue, lack of original humor, discretion and no sophistication, as well as unused characters and the role of Freeman and Aniston, lack of frankness and lack of constraints, it makes all movies very valuable ***. But okay, there were some fun moments, and Freeman always liked watching any movie, so leave three of them.
