Even if you are a huge Sandler fan, do not get annoyed with this very frustrating comedy! I think I've bought this movie for $ 7.99, it seems that at least half of Sandler's should be decent in my sense, and I think some women will be nude (R-rating and judging by the cover of women wearing short clothes). Well, there are several working women, but no one gets naked. I'm not sure what I was sure of in Sandler's career, but I guess it was also before his SNL days. I could be wrong. This is like watching one of her home movies. He might look back at such a Chess movie and remember about the good ol 'times ... but we have left (the audience) dry. This is rarely the "movie"! Sandler talked a lot to the camera and even at one stage acknowledged that it was a "note-budget" film (it's not true, low budget films, not a budget movie). So our work is quite a lot to laugh at quirky characters. There is no fixed plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy show - but a crude and badly written one. The man who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying and in the first place it was impossible that he would get such a huge audience. And Sandler's a ridiculous Honey Yongman line "Have I Taken My Wife" has found her ridiculous inspiration and the audience is on the floor? I'm not even going to try to make any argument here Of course, Sandler's current and recent films are not known for many senses ("Billy Madison" penguin, "Happy Gilmour", Happy Place "Midweight") but comedy works. This is a strictly amateur job, and if you're interested in the first day of the film Adam - even you still will not be interested in it. You are good to check the introduction of SNL or the underlying role of its "Net Nuts". Of course, Sandman's only actor in this helpless car is not wasted. Billy Bob Thornton also made a small appearance, Billy Jane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and Great Bart Young ("Rocky" films) play an important role. <br /> <br /> This horror comedy probably will collect 99 percent of your local video store in the rent section - and just so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (in 10)
