Local authorities, to avoid the boss Hog (Bart Reynolds), his cousin Jacey (Wiley Nelson), Bose and Luke Duc (Scott, Naxville), and his cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) cousins ​​in Hazard County, Georgia Their problems with the boss started only when they came to know that he was planning to open the city for the valuable rabbit below the city. <br /> <br /> I have never seen a TV show and I'm not going to start any soon after watching the film. I like the stupid comedy but this one does not offer much smile. It was really hard to sit for the first hour. The second part was a little better but this image was still a missed opportunity. The film focussed much on the path of B & L. The common characters were not very interesting and the performers did not do their best. <br /> <br /> The acting was not very good. I did not expect it to be good in the first place, but no lead was too funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give down the average performance. The next was as good as the Steefler but he tried very hard here. The modern is just looking for a paycheck and looking for something else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her performance. She is really familiar for her song. She shows her own reality and is famous for saying really stupid things. She is beautiful but she is a weak actor Although she does not really appear in the film, and the character she plays is not complicated or nothing. Willie Nelson has a minor role and he does not do anything special. <br /> <br /> The screenplay was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before Huffard's Dukes. The first was the grave paddle, which was just right. The second one was Starsky and the hatch which was quite funny. Though the story is a mess as though he did a good job here. He forgot to add jokes and some other things that this movie works better. The movie is very long for a comedy. All right, 106 minutes is not long, but it takes a lot of time because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think comedy should be kept small or otherwise they should find plenty of material for the entire running time. Hazzard Dukes barely have to have fun enough to leave it 106 minutes to go to the minute. Car Sequence was average and they do not already save a boring film. In the end, Hazard's docus can appeal to some people, but most people will probably be neutral and if it is good then it is good. Ratings 4/10
