In 1998, soap gained the right to create a brand-new Ninja Turtle live-action series. Naturally, as a fan of the TMT back in the day, it was probably my interest. So when I started watching the show ... I was disappointed to say the last result was. After a while (more recently), I got the opportunity to review the series. <br /> <br /> First off, talk about something positive. They were able to recreate the tortoise layer because it has finally left the film in a limited budget. The whole atmosphere of this set is in and from whatnot. And turtle suites, although the biggest part of the dolls and what was, was effective and it was very hard for most action staff to follow in series. <br /> <br /> People complain of getting rid of Shridara quickly and replaces him with this real villain, which can be easily used for power ranger shows. But you can only get rid of Shredder before he gets annoyed and reducing his value like a villain ... And besides, most fans do not understand or miss or just do not ignore this in the general background, Shridara was blocked in the first issue! Do not mind the countless resurrection that will follow. So from personal point of view, I was happy that they got rid of Shridhar because then the expectation would turn into the point where they would eventually bring him back to the next stage. I work well with small amounts because it is more memorable to face it with the tortoise. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they ended up replacing him with this original villain, which is said to be more suitable for him, a Power Rangers show a Ninja Turtle show. And this new Magic-Wing Generics comes from a new woman's witch-crafted tortoise, notorious Friday de Milo. I'll be honest I'm not comfortable with her. I'm not against the idea of ​​a female turtle; I'm thinking of using magic, and in this way they feel like a bit out of their domain and jumped like a boring perspective among a tribe of tortoises themselves. I often get the idea that it can easily deal with his trusted enemies in Venice de Milo Shaw, and the TMT can only provide the power of the star (or which was considering the time of free). Fortunately, they all shared spotlight together. <br /> <br /> The next operation was winded after a season in the air and the manufacturers were happy to ignore it. During the time and maybe another season, I really believe that this could be some of the live repetition of the TMT and may have gained a chance of greatness. But the idea was correct, execution was executed (though there are some good episodes in this series). As it stands, the next transformation is one of the oddities in Tartlandom which are best buried and forgotten.
