Apparently I never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" and some friends accidentally blurred over it and foolishly decided to give it a chance. That's because: it sucks! This is a very vain, neutral, non-musical and completely illogical horror comedy / parody. Actually, to be honest, I'm not sure if this is meant as a comedy, sometimes the script itself takes very seriously and really strives hard as the main purpose of the 80-year tremendous endeavor. In 1909, at the beginning of the new era of science. Eliot Hackenstein needs just three women? Not too much, not less ?? The resurrected his beloved wife, whom he wrongly killed. He left the living head just now, but stupid body snatchers only provided male cadavers. So when Hackenstein shouted, "I need three women bodies to bring my wife back", her words are not even cold, and only miraculously can show three young women (and one really annoying nerdy child). Door to door Why does that ever happen to me? "I need a bunch of sexy lady women to fill my empty hare !!!" ?? See, nothing! However, good doctor is full of his desire, but unfortunately ?? Science for that ?? She develops sympathy for one of the three daughters. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a crippled film that tries to make cash for the success of "re-animative" success, and even stole some ridiculous aspects of the classic, such as a crowned head talking about a fishing. Why is it easy to see that this movie is not mentioned anywhere, because it is not attracted to fans and not even a joke. The funny character is definitely the loud talking robber Robi; Described in the anti-crucible Anne Ramsay. The 80's awesome buffs certainly remember him from Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend", where he played a punk old Hug neighbor who decapitated a basketball game. The concept of "Dr. Hackenstein" occurred in the early 1900s, but there was no effort to rebuild the atmosphere of that era (probably without some automobiles). Dr. Hackneystain's Laboratory covers 80 sets of pieces including several Smoky Cauldron and Fluorosant-colored test tubes.
