I'm not sure why I like Dolf Lundgren. I think he looks at the screen that anyone who works hard can be successful without talent. That's a good feeling for all of us who lack talent. Some other reviews indicate how stupid is prevented, but many negligence to indicate positive direction. <br /> <br /> Any movie where at least one annoying teen dies, it can not be bad. Why do teenagers need to include so many stereotypeal teenagers? Are there any other types of teens? What teenagers each group have a rage black guy? Does anyone like a genius? Pregnant girl is very friendly and in this movie? A disturbing anti-social white kid from a broken home is agreeable to everyone (but what is the genius?). And a bed protected by the Universe - black black baby and all other neurotic kids believe in him. Then add a couple of generic affordable teens to any color. They do not do much but at some time do not get shots. <br /> <br /> If bad boys could blow up the school, it would have been better to arrest them. With the authors inside the context. The dialogue is bad, and the plot is bad. When bad guys (and girls) finally hijack a full-fledged van, they sit inside the van. They take van to school at school because they want to paint the van again at the school's paint shop, but they do not go around making the van repaint again. However, it was easy to drive away all the cars in another car or two cars or other van or truck and to run away without restoring the police van. They do not drive or sell drugs or do anything else with big scores. For a short time, they decide that they will be able to kill the children and the teacher (Dolf Lundgren), even if villains fall in school, but nobody knows about it after going to school. Even a few people in school do not have anything to do with art, then why go after them? However, the best part of this movie is that villains are armed with many machine guns, and they are looking for teenagers (including a guy on a wheelchair) and they shot hundreds of bullets and usually miss. There is some bleeding in the end of the film. Every time someone gets shot, at least three hundred bullets must be dismissed. Stunts are pretty bad. <br /> <br /> I read a review that says this movie was a budget of $ 10 million, and I was surprised. When I saw this movie, I thought Lundgren did some charity work for some pictures, where he was a teacher. Perhaps this movie was the last test of their year. It was a test to see, but I passed.
