Anyone who has fallen in love with the storage music A Chorus LINE and has fallen, the film is a poor alternative. The songs are not cut, but unnecessary plot twists are added, the new dance performer's dancer, and, facing it, Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to know the dancer movie. <br /> <br /> Infinity, Michael Bennett was just a quorum line that was: Michael Bennett. His idea, his danceography, his direction, Broadway and his gift to the rest of the world. It hurts two hours hard, the face of your face which really makes you feel "boys" and "girls". However, there is a lack of sympathy and depth in the film: Actors have seen that they audition for a chairs line instead of auditioning. Each step, thinks that each line of dialogue is so weighted and designed; Michael Douglas, in particular, like Jake, we are very much in control of the belief that he is an exceptionally rebellious dancer Even when he spreads his tragedy, you still do not believe him because every gesture, every spoken word, every Nawaz is clearly refreshed. And do not dance for him: Kevin Kine auditioned for the role of Jake in Broadway. Michael Bennett liked his reading, but the clay could not dance and eventually the part was lost. They did the same thing for Douglas! A chassis line is supposed to be a show about nobodies, and some recognized faces (one of many auditioning dancers, such as Vicky Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, TV's NewsRody's Sheila and Khandi Alexander) did not know any of these people. Because you do not know these people. This is a terrible decision because of being a star in a role: when you focus on Michael Douglas and lines and their stories instead of girls and boys, on their gems, you lose something. It's sad that the best sequence of the show (Montage: Hello Barley, Hello Teires, Hello Love) has been extensively spent in choosing a great new song titled "Awesome, Amazing", which was nominated for the Oscars extraordinary. Cassie's "Mirror Dance" has a new song and unfortunate annoying dancer - a wonderful reason why they are annoyed to shoot a movie version if they are going to get much mess with this formula. <br /> <br /> The musical theater and those who enjoyed the stage version, this movie they cherished and liked everything is a sad spider. For those who do not see the original production on Broadway or tour, they only have to go through this movie. And in Broadway history it will be a surprise to be the longest running musical - until it did not get a small ceremony known as CATS in the late 1990's. But that's not a different story, and even let me start it there.
