At Broadway, a chorus line was pure magic. The show was opened by a spectacular blast on the grand grand finale from the second, we were completely involved in the fun scenes of the chorus we enjoyed during the show - deeply inspired by personal stories, some funny, some cute, some fun, this chorus line. The movie is completely another matter. Focus director now - and he's an ogre! Every time the film goes to Michael Douglas, there he screams bitterly, shouting a bitter, nasty expression, question and order. Dad !! That story changes the dynamics At Broadway, the director was actually an unreasonable offstage, but he was like the theater device with insight and transparency to allow the story of this extraordinary firm / fragile / playful / lively chorus line. This work has won the Pulitzer Prize! And within the directive of the director, he heard the story of breaking the heart of the dancer, to console the Puerto Rican dancer. He again expressed his true affection / Cassie concerns expressed in the end. But in the film, the orders of the second Douglas's director started, the stories of the chorus line members became secondary. It seems that they are in a frustrating profession, in which an exciting director, instead of showing joy at creating a new exciting dramatic show, these chorus members are mad, tired, agitated to pay tribute to the audience. At the stage, there was always the tide of the show. In the film using the word here, you feel sorry for everyone involved. During the musical period, we strictly wish everyone for the members of the chorus and if we get all the work, we would have been happy! But of course that does not happen. But when they all come together on the stage with a magnificent cutting mirror with a magnificent costume, sometimes reflecting on our hearts in the audience, and we know that those who accept and reject all the members of the chorus, they bring a magician to the theater, they are so much in love There was a stage dancing on the stage forever. In the movie, after the lines of all the wrong stories and the force, that magic is completely thin. We think that (with the exact same screen call), some members got a job with a moderate cheerful manager. So they all come to the screen and dance again. Big deal
