Those who never saw a Chassa line stage and the only exposure in their story was that this movie is just like movie music, there is nothing special, okay. I've seen four times at Broadway and even auditioned for the touring company for the occasion and reminded me of the original production for a time, the film version of 1985 is so horrible that I do not know where to start. First of all, those who do not audition for dramatic production, I assure you that while auditioning for a game, the IRL, director, producer, and dancer did not ask personal questions and why you wanted to be an actor. A real dramatic myth, whether it is for a game or a musical, it rarely takes five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, once you have shown a 64-bar dance combination, you do it, and then they quickly decide whether you are inside or not. The original concept of Michael Bennett was to introduce muscles to the life of dancers and to introduce emotional tendencies and why such a small sacrifice was done. The game is about this dancer. First of all, the director Richard Attenborough highlights Casey's / Jachke relationship and has given so much attention to dancers casting Michael Douglas as a jac. In the drama, you never see Jacha ... He rarely touched a voice behind the theater and his relationship with Casey rarely touched. In the tragedy, cache lorries (a character who is not even in the drama) are trying to rise above the cache and added for film and focus so much attention on this story. Major musical numbers are cut or refined. The opening of the game "I Hope I Get It" is a combination of all the dancing jazz and ballet, and then people are eliminated. In the film they jam three hundred dancers together and appear in disguise to show that they acted in a person who can not dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", the search for a brilliant vocal of childhood memories of these dancers was reintroduced as "surprising, surprising", which is primarily a car as Greg Burridge's Richie. The most popular song on the show, "What I Did for For Love", sang a touching metaphor of the whole film with the film that he was going to dance, becoming the only other standard love song in the film, Reed as a misconceptionist Alison Cassie. Jeffrey Hornadee's curiosity for the film is unimaginable and unimpressive and does not hold a candle from Michael Bennett's original staging, and when you are making a film about a dancer, then there will be special dance skills. There are a few dancers in the film, not previously given to Greg Burge, Richie, Michelle Johnston Bebe, and Gentleton Jones Judy, but to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can walk and kiss at the same time, One of the best of the show is given, "Dance 10, looks 3." I will admit that the last one is "amazing", but for that you have to wait for about two hours. I would say that if you do not see a low line stage, then the look of this film may be valuable, but if you are a fan of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very afraid.
