*** SPOILER (S) *** in this post *** <br /> <br /> I am not the big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in other ways. With "Chuck Norris Facts", his own fan website is also really entertaining. But this movie seems to be fun with the audience that all the "events" are in a movie. I do not really remember when I wasted my time with this "action". I do not know that this movie can make you worse: America is trying to condemn the United States through smuggling nuts and tens of thousands of terrorist plot, which is probably the "great" conversation and the words of knowledge about life. And everything else. Terrorists could find anyone who is worst in English to say daily in daily life. It's a never ending list of crap. The archive used in the film not to mention a huge amount of footage, that is boring. The Chief Terrorist sends his credit message through the media when he is arrested and a sufficiently skilled person to see the physician: Chuck Norris, of course. Nobody in the United States is smart enough to see! And the whole action in main capturing is just ridiculous. A man has been sent to walk with the whole terrorist camp UNRMidid (I was lying in a context), running his STk with jit pack, and then for hundreds of crosses, playgrounds, probably thousands of kilometers away on the nearby shore (Afghanistan border near the 450 nearest coast Kilometer away), where he was rescued by submarine. I hope least fighting scenes will be good, but it's more fun than a plot. If you do not know, 85% of the terrorists master some martial arts, but chaws and COs shout them out. They simply do not kill them easily, they jump in a single step and throw them down and bad guys fly a few meters like a doll. You can ask me, did I finally see this movie? I did Why? Because I just wanted to see these two super heroes, cut a few hundred megatons and microwave size nuclear bombs. And then I'm stupid what I understand. Of course, it's all about chalk's movies later. And not only did he defuted Nuke with tweezers alone, but he did it - TWICE !! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I used to spend my life. <br /> <br /> So, the creator of this movie can add another Chuck Norris to his web site: Can Chalk Norris nuclear bomb removal? Yes and he can do twice!
