I think this image is somewhat overrated here. It has some things to appreciate; One thing is that it is eligible for credit for a science fiction film (ISH), which relies on its story instead of the special effects and action sequences to carry on the effects of the day. Support is good, set design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although they seem a bit tired after many medieval Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones in recent years). But the film is played in poor character, the main performers have been brought back by wooden performances and a ridiculously bad end. <br /> <br /> My main problem was that the hero is not selective or impossible. I understand that the part of the story indicates that it should be somewhat (wait for it ...) cipher, but I was completely unable to create a sympathy for a character that seemed like an annoying, anonymous graduation. People To transform the character for this sad bag is artificially forced him by plot. Leading actor Jeremy Northam concludes that the theater is confused and disturbed, but fails to be sympathetic to it. Against him, Lucy Liu can do with such a character, she has no real personality, unless it is considered to be a spy-movie movie personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest frustrations is its ending. I do not have to give any spoilers here, but I would say that at the end of a surprise twist at least 45 minutes was clearly Telegraph Telegraph. In addition, after being content for the first hour or for a conceptual based movie, suddenly the last few scenes suddenly happen and the worst type is filled with Hollywood pops, big blasts and special effects. In the context of the release of the movie McGuffin is done badly and ultimately they seem less favorable than the characters before solving some of the main plot of the films. <br /> <br /> This movie is not all bad, though. Despite slow pacing, it mostly guides its majority to maintain low level tension (although I think slowly my height is higher than average tolerance for movies). And in a few moments when strangers, the pananoic feeling that the director Vinceenzo Natalie was definitely trying to get to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome cinematography and script errors. It is likely that there is a good film that covers the same theme and ideas, but that's not all.
