Most of the time, I like to say Ronnie Harlin's guiding style, and the cinematographer should be praised for some shots. Like Harleen's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2" which I really liked, there is nothing from this movie. That is, my friends, a script. Dialogues in these movies are always very scary, but they get gold medal for this stupidity. There are so many dangerous lines in this movie, I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that, the ruthlessness of the line is unfortunate and an action seems more appropriate to a bad pornographic film than adventure. Almost like Harleen looks like if the words were being said they could improve the script. Wrong again <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Some genius actors have played a bad role in bad conversations. Stallone was never my favorite, but when he is managing the worst circles around Lithgow, Turner and Cluster Rocker, there is some wrong with this picture. Lathogne played one of the "Ricocco" Best Villains, yet there is someone who can not work to save his life here. How is it possible? I've always been a great fan and Stallone plays in his acting school, who himself also called his performance. Turner's part is so small and pointless, but he still managed to get lost on the screen. Michael Römer can work I know it because I saw it in "Thunder Day", but it looks like she reads her line from the coupe card. What is it? When Rooker and Lathogne talked together in the scene, I just wanted to finish the film, or both of them wanted to find their acting ability unusually. Unfortunately, no incidents have happened to them. <br /> <br /> which brought me back to Harleen, which could be the only reason to blame this world without the screenline. It was his fault that I was never dragged into this film, because he actually played the man. This script is not very good, but the performance of the actors destroys the film and lies to the director. I do not care about how much money has been paid for special effects, which is good for most of the time, you still can not dedicate the movie with terrible acting. <br /> <br /> Plus, this movie seems to stop panning. The surplus sequence was good and the flat view was done very well, but how would you care about the results of the hijst? I mean that they were trying to create tensions with flat-bells and stairs, but I do not really care about getting the money in the scene. If the bad guy could win from the beginning, then maybe I was not a bad movie witness!
