The film "52 pickup" simply does not work. Elmor Leonard or John Frankenheimer is interested in everyone, or anyone in the awesome cast, especially volunteer to John Glover. But the book - with a lot of slow, gravel thriller decorations - should be translated into an anti-Oscars film instead of this scandal, which can not determine whether strongly should describe the story of warm, disaster crime. Choose Schwarzenegger's Shoot-Up-Spry in the book or the 1980's. Detroit Los Angeles (Leonard lived for many years and knows very well) moved the real-time scene of the book, Leonard tried to fix it in his script but could not do it at the end. For example, if Mitchell's wife is a clever device to make City Councilville (her book did not have a job), if you think about it: this is the only way you can blackmail someone in the sexually obsessed city of the 1980s. Angels for adultery, or any kind of possible sexual scandal. Yet, it is more advisable in the more conservative Eastern states like Michigan that it is a credible fact that its small "art" is a lazy, unconscious graduate hell, where three people are suddenly going through a non-middle class high-middle-medieval crisis to a class colleague, And b) Single adultery can be something that you can blackmail anyone with, if their aspiring career and pu Rhino Clothes can not handle this shock. Consultant Ron Jeremy will tell you, in the 1980's, Los Angeles was a colorful, stylish porn maqaa, like Leonard's dark, hijacked tourist bus, rural apartment, and the movie "Boogie Knights" compared with the depressed urban scholar's drug. Then again, a Los Angeles story may be retreat if the scenes are more carefully arranged - there are still many dark crannies and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Harry Mitchell of Roy Skydair has played a sexy, handsome Ubermansch in his sweat without doing his sweat. During the fight with a business that he had failed in the book, he leaked an officer of the Zerac union. He was responsible for that he had a skeleton during the war involving a friendly fire during the war crimes, but did not appear to come to grips with. Elmore Leonard's stories usually include a central figure that includes the criminal and law-abiding citizen's wicked civilian. Here, Harry Mitchell sits in his office with his blackmailer Alan Ramia, bringing his financial books back to him, and making such a central figure by discussing more real ransom. Glover's Blackmailer manages the scene with firm intelligence, but Skidar describes this victim as a "nasty person", if he is Rambo with M-16 in charge of the situation, his world is growing around him. Considering the main story "52 Pick Up" and then the thoughts that came in the film, it ended with the worst decision of all time. In the midst of Mitchell's Jaguar, the trumping ramie and Mitchell's band together with a sad unity combined with the band's music. He plays with audiences for the conclusion of the "sweet revenge" of Chuck Norris, not the intelligent world of Leonard's book, where Mitchell ends and the conflict between good and evil can easily go any way. I left the theater and shook my head and bored. What a waste of talent
