David Chase's "The Soprans" is perhaps the most admired television show in recent memory. Not just a series without intelligence and emotions, it's a soul vain. Perhaps anyone who can already read, James Gandalfini * * Tony Soprano, a big, fat ** wife of a nude nude, holes in the secretive B * teacher, and is living in two bra, sh * t-brained kids - you guessed it - America's bogey (That's New Jersey, by the way). Tony is not just a woman as an adulteress, she skips an unexpected killer with a "under-sizzling" Saturday-under-qualified cricketer. Tony is a piece that makes me insult (and apparently just me). Without letters, those characters and what they allow to be characters, few American TVs are hardly allowed. But Chase - and Emmie-Gord writers, their compromise for money - they did not allow Tony and his crew to see just like our behavior, even though they did not even try to give insight into the reaction / reaction reality (even imaginatively) organized crime (a La "The Godfather "). Instead, Chase boasts of greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle of her character, in the same way that Tony, his wife, and his hair-psychological psychologist week after week (or months after month or year after year, seen in the village 13- Episode season brings regularity like lunar eclipse). Continuous "network" formation has been denied, which does not go anywhere in the plot lines and characters that disappear like pop-ups and backwards wormines. But if the show is so bright due to its lack of structure, then why do I always feel like a soap opera? Tired horse clothing, indifferent housewives, self-service, unreasonable characters and plots that do not go anywhere. More than ever before, I can see why so many of the Italian traditions are ps ssed at this show. This is what you want to curl up with a good book (remembering the dante's "Infro" springs). <br /> <br /> People of IMDB prefer to claim that there is no good on television and therefore a breath of fresh air from "The Soprans". Are these same people paying their slop bills "The Slope" too busy? (It includes the basic, yes know). How about (still good) "West Wing"? Or acting brilliantly (erratically written) "Boston legal"? Probably the best comedy of the past decade, "arrested development"? And we will forget that we live in DVD age - no * * * to see * new * To prove how hack-factory I wanted to give HB $ 10 per month (or $ 80 DVD set!), More than 40 dollars would be worth to set for a more expensive box set. It could be. <br /> <br /> Do you like good television? See "Homicide: street life." Or "kill one". Or "peek fence". Or even Chase's eastern show, "North Exposure." You are already in the armies of brain-clad fans and critics "The Soprans", but it's too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his unexpected daughter where they all belong - rolling with fish. ("Sleep" will be a very good way)
