Seriously, I can easily get lots of stomachs on the screen's blood, thunder and reaction, but how it actually disturbs the film and is uncomfortable to see how the doctor's character is disturbed by the physical harm of raped women. He talked about the "cosets of Rosemary's Baby", broken pregnancies, dry sex, and loadshed (?) Sperm as they are the most common diseases in the world of medicine. That being said, "Incubus" is an end to the terrible efforts of the Starzian. Is it not necessarily horrible ?? Although it is not very good, do not ?? But just the weird plain. The faded and intrinsic scripts roam primarily in search of meat and blood rapists-murderers (although the title clearly thinks a supernatural animal is involved) and it does not seem to stop introducing new letters. None of these letters, especially the chiefs, have been added as sympathetic and because they did not explain anything, they all seem to keep the dark secret. The daughter of the aforementioned doctor has a strange explanation of love and she feels herself suspected by the behavior of the city, Sheriff of the city (John Ireland) does not seem to be in constant state of drunkenness and does not even think that who is raping and killing women, women The reporter is too weird for even the words and Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are just ordinary surprising. In all, they are trying hard to solve the mystery, which destroys the reproductive organs of women in the cities. Curiously atmospheric and moral works are rampant and uncertain in the sequence of rape and murder. Basically this is a very positive reason for a horror movie, but the storyline is very incompatible and the characters can be a really good movie, which is very disrespectful for "Inqubus". Also, there are a number of tiring parts (such as a Bruce Dickinson concert footage!) And usually very confident John Huff's direction is almost obscure to fight through himself. Although the final shot is effectively nightmarish, though. Personally for me, "Inqubush" was a bit of frustration, but there are several reasons to suggest this outstanding part of the horrors of the 80s of open-thinking rituals.
