A young couple Mandy Paulman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seale (Matt Birman) are shy at a beach in Galen's small town. They decided to start playing real joke on each other. Mandy hides an old run-down cabin, he is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. After hearing his scream, Ray tried to help him but was killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassettes) and his daughter Jenny (Irin Flannery) after Sam's wife's death, new to Galena. When Mandy and Roy were found, Sam was called on by the police chief, Hon Wadden (John Ireland). He operated automation in ray and treated Mandy for his horrible injuries. Immediately after the shooting of a local museum in the name of Caroline Davis (Dennis Ferguson), the attack and rape took place. A local journalist named Laura Kinnade describes the incident and advises Sam that the same type of rape and murder occurred in the city 30 years ago. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan McIntosh) has found strange dreams and nightmares and is sure to have something to do with his awesome activities. Team stories and excavations in past cities make Sam convincing about the existence of a creature known as incubus - a shaped transit monster that can only reproduce! This is a serious cruel horror picture directed by John Huff. George Franklin's composition relies on Ray Russell's novel to slow down at least. Nothing does not happen interesting or exciting and it is sometimes seen and frustrating ends with a most annoying event at the end of a bend end only when it suddenly ends. The story takes place at a snap speed along with a few rape, but no one is shown on screen. There is only Gore's view in the whole picture. The giant itself is displayed at the very end and has all three short scenes. Everything related to the production of this film is very stable and flat, there is no power or speed in the film. Acting is dull and you do not mind or care about anyone. View the Autopay Room View where you can see the Boom Mike clearly on the screen several times. In a day you will forget that the type of garbage terrible film production Do not disturb a real waste of time.
