Stephen King is generally known for morbid, and that is fine, but this story is very morbid. Some movies, in the end, feel sorry for the characters or situations you have put in them ... here you just feel depressed. This movie has a great first (in it), as well as the family goes to the country and warns them about the strange Fred Guin salute and pet cemeteries, but this plot does not come anywhere. It starts with a lot of probability, but ultimately, it will lose the possibility of a great horror film, and will become frustrating, very stupid and eventually depressed. <br /> <br /> Leo (Dale Midcoff), his wife Rachel (Dennis Crosby), their children Eli and Gage, and their cat moved to a new home in the mine. They are warned by the small farmer neighbor Jude (Fred Guin) about the local Krishna Graveyard and how it is cursed. Louis feels that everything and everything is okay until the family cat is up. He buried it in the curse graveyard and it came back to life, constantly climbed into the family and wanted to live alone. One day, the child's gaze goes out of the street and is driven by a truck and dies, and Louis knows that he must bury him in the graveyard. Gage comes back to life, she wants to change and kill. <br /> <br /> Many of Stephen King's work that did not translate well into the film, I blame the director and screenwriter. In this case, Mr. King was a screenplayer, but I'm going to blame him for his horror stories. In the end it is so useless, and although inappropriate, the premises are ridiculous. The little boy comes back from the dead and drives people to death like small scalils, and not that, but he drives his body up and in one case carries the body from the ground! ) I know it's not real, but seriously, what might this statue get? While Louis has shown his injection of death, the cat was no longer deserving of the strange sadness of killing the cats again. It all went around thinking his own business mind and he killed it. The scene where he is almost intolerable in his own child's injection. Not helplessly unhappy, but thinking about the whole situation is very awful. Before gauge staggers die, after being injected drunk ... why do they have to finish the movie with the death of a movie? But ... worse, after the death of Gage, the actual closure of anyone buried with someone else (who will not give it) to bury Luiz in the graveyard ... What did he expect? Why Mr. Raja wrote this horrible story and why was it made a movie? It's boring and vain! <br /> <br /> My rating: * **** out of 90 minutes No more for violence.
