Paul Armstrong is a Harvard law-abiding Scottish patriot, professor, who is convicted of a young black man from Florida, Bobby Earl, and is known for his enthusiastic dispute over the death penalty. Rape and murder of Johnny Sherver, eleven year old white girl Earl claims that his confession was found under pressure from a criminal police officer and a serial killer, known as the real murderer Blair Sullivan, who is already under death row for several murders. Armstrong went to Sullivan in his cell at the death row, admitting him to accept the assassination of the Juanie, which led to the rescue of Earl from an electric chair. <br /> <br /> All right at first. When the appeal court reduced its stability, Sullivan was released from confession and Earl Fisherman. This development is only done within a few minutes of the film, at this moment the alarm bell will start in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! Major plots scold forward!" And so it proves. Expected bend materializes very soon Earl, it was considered transparency, actually a criminal, and even then he freed several people, but together with Sullivan, the plan of solidarity was united to achieve its independence; If the parent is murdered by his parents, Sunivan will accept the assassination of the Japaneseist! (Why was not explained exactly why Sullivan wanted his parents dead). Armstrong has now found out that he himself has put himself in trouble, whose life he has saved now; Armstrong's wife, Armstrong's wife, who is herself a lawyer, who acted as a prosecution counsel in an earlier case when Arluck was charged with rape charges. <br /> <br /> "Just Cozy" is an example of auto-cannibalism that Hollywood likes to make sometimes, recycling the theme and assembling a movie by plotting multiple devices. The first half carries a clear credit in movies such as "Inroadder in the Past" and "To Mockingbird to Kill"; The only difference is that Sheriff regards himself as black by maintaining a confession from Bobby Earl, but he was white in previous films. (Police cruelty is now equal opportunity activity). Kothak-Govers' "Music Box" was lent to the central wrap of the plot, even though the sentence in the film did not last long. A lawyer, his wife, and his younger daughter are in danger of a former client, a clear mask of two versions of "Cape Fear", which takes place in Swampland in South America. Illustration of the character of Robert De Niro in the scory version of "Cape Fear", which was created four years before "Just Coz" - pictured as Edward Harrison's Soviet Bible-quoted religious deity. <br/> <br /> (Just like "Just Coz" borrowed too much from a number of other movies, seven years later, his central plot wrapped, "high crime" was flashed in the Ashleigh Jude car). The number of problems by making this movie is that the results are generally less independent than their motivations. The whole part is much less than the sum of parts, and fewer films than any canned-in to make it "Just Coz". Harris is usually a gifted actor, but it is one of its weakest performances, mainly because he does not play a character that plays De Kero Max Kadi. Blair Underwood Bobby Earl is right in the very first scene (indecently innocent) as innocent young man, but later Bobby Earl's assassin is incredible as a psychopath. Shaun Connery is very good as Armstrong and Lawrence Fishburn, but the film is not good enough to save. (Connie and Harris next year, well, the film, "Rock", had to work together next year). <br /> <br /> Another problem is "Just Coz". The first half of the film seems to be critical of an ideal "problem" film, death penalty, anti-racist and heavy hand policing. The second half looks more like a gentle reactionary act, the only way to deal with those criminals who are criminals, is to fill them in the chair, the liberal lawyer is useful beneficial. The police officer who beat the criminal Brotherhood and suspects is praised as the hero. Filmmakers are happily surprised that the plot of the plot in the middle of their film was probably the effect of (perhaps unwanted) withdrawal of political views, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored it. Perhaps it seems to be more important than a suitable convoluted political continuity. 4/10
