Well, there you have it, another confusion in my account. Two, really! Above all, though, I would like to remind myself that I know a little about the 70's euro-absorption and its most valuable contributor, before I was Dr. Joseph. I have never heard of Sarano. Here is a man who created seventy-ranked and religious exploitation films and I did not see the singles! How? Why? What happened there? Secondly, even worse, when you think of finding a new source for vague culture films, then the director's most famous and supposed "best composition" turns out to be an unreasonably shameless and annoying movie. Definitely, Lesbian Vampire films completely create a beautiful small novel, but many of them bath the odd atmosphere and weird sex (such as Jose Laurez's "Vampires" or Harry Kumble's "dark girls"). There is nothing to offer without the naked nudity of Joseph Ternano's film, even getting it boring quickly. The events were held in an isolated old palace, which was deeply hidden in the German mountains, where there was a harmful and bloodless (literal) barbarism five centuries ago. His faithful disciples still throw nude dancing parties in the castle of the castle, which is enlightened by the penis size candle ?? AUCH, and soon hopes to resurrect the Baroness. Suddenly (do not ask how) The castle is full of young and sexy ladies guests, so more concerted events happen. A lot of delicious and entertaining words, but "The Devils Playing" contains a large number of sequences where literally nothing happens and where the unknown faces of the cast members are simply inconsistent! Removed sensors or not able to build Gothic atmosphere (or maybe he was not only annoyed) and the ability of actresses to stand in front of camera topples and confronting the really sad faces. Please Please Please: How cruelly you are trying to see all the longed lesbian-vampire movies in the 70's, it is not worth the money! Even the editors of Jesse Franco and Jean Rolin are also the pure industries compared to these buds.
