Sexo Cannibal, or David Hunter is better known by English-speaking audiences, it starts by examining the locations of his new movie alongside actress and model Laura Croft (with Ursula de Felner of Ursula Büffeiler), his assistant Jane (Gesella Han). After a long day, Laura jumped into her home bath, when two suspicious characters named Chris (Warner Pochad) and Thomas (Antonio Mayan) exploded and kidnapped him with the help of traitor Zen. Laurier's agent gets a blast in the mortuary-hero Peter Weston (Al Cleaver), who is aware of the situation, the abductors are lounging on an isolated island and demanding release of 6 million piracy. Peter is told that 200,000 will be given to bring him back safely, and if he comes back, more than $ 60 million, 10%, Paint Drift Pipe and his Vietnamese vet helicopter pilot Jack. Decided to save the island and how Laura. So, the abductors have Laura and Peter 6 million but do not want to give them too much. To make some complicated, this isolated island is an indigenous tribal habitat (Hell, they have been able to produce only a straw hay among all those generations living there, now it is primitive) who are worshiping the demons of some of the canines (Bert) Altman) With bulging eyes as a god with human sacrifice and this cannibal is preferred for young, white female meat and intestines ... <br /> <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-written co-written & music directed by Jesus Franco gets credit as well. Because of establishing 'Video Nostes' list here in the United States, Lingo Cannibal has achieved a notable number of notoriety because it was under the title of the Hunter of the early 80s and thus was officially classified as obscene and prohibited, saying that I have no idea why it is a bad film And even Franco, who is afraid of joining Turkey Not child, he decides that he wants to hide real name Clifford Brown. I want to imagine that even the most mortal Franco fan will have a tough time on this thing. The scripts written by Franco, I'm sorry Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban Julius Valery were scary, apparently wanted to clear his name and wanted to clear his name. It's as easy and straight forward as that. The film is so annoying at the beginning, it is the indirect, abusive plot I've seen sometimes without intense excitement or enthusiasm and never develop a horrible side because we can get a big black guy with looking over the size bloodshot eyes plus two copper cannabis scenes. A horror movie Sex Canble failed and as an action adventure it does not get any success, it is one of the best to avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco always shows his natural incompetence, a decapitated head by an actor is found on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck and should give impression it is not connected! The cannabal scene is poor, action-length, and its invisible scenes are walking around the jungle till 'A' to 'B' and they are not really doing anything when they arrive. It's incredibly dull and tedious to look around 10 minutes later, and do not forget that this thing is ineffective for up to 94 minutes. I should mention the delightful scene that Al Capiver's mountains should climb over, Franco kept his camera beside him and was climbing beneath Cleaver! Just look at the hanging way of his coat and in the way he can never look at himself, he turns away in a way! Gore is not that great and as far as the euro cannabal films go too fast, there are some frequent bunches of cannibal face, such as holding the flesh bits, a man is stolen in spikes, some blood and some sweet intestines. There is a fair bit of nudity in sex cannibal and unexpected rape scene <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> There was less budget in sex canble and I mean less. This is a shoddy badly made film with terrible special effects and rock bottom production standards. The only modest thing about it is the jungle setting that looks at least authentic. The music sucks and becomes sound boring when there is a lot of heavy breathing when the effect of the sound is on the cancer screen. Acting sucks, the whole thing was definitely dubbed but none of these things can work. <br /> <br /> Sexo cannabal is a horror film which is fatal as hell is a fatal mistake. The only good thing I can say is that it has a lovely atmosphere and it's close to the cannibal chewing meat that is roughly rough. Anyone looking for a senior film experience should give Sex Canibil as an adjunct as possible, one to avoid.
