N.B .: Spoilers in. Naturally, to appoint an artistic director in an optical production, and uncertainly you are going to get a part of that manager's mind. But Wagner had a special strategy to operate the opera, because perhaps he was perhaps the most obvious opera musician about what should be and what should be disclosed. Hans-Jurgen Cyberbad has loaded the filming of "Perceptual", due to the fact that Wagoner's final best-written, almost exorbitant idea of ​​the ocean was about to explode. You get more of a piece of director: you get a complete faxed fog and then something. He should be praised for the promotion of cyberbug for returning cover in infamous German history. But is it a Wagner opera already meld that desire brimming with its own idea? <br /> <br /> The scenes of the Holy Grill plays of Acts I and III are particularly tall with visual metaphor and symbolism. These have come from Wagner's own time long, and have gone beyond this. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich the cyberber's approach for you (but Wagner's view is not important); If they do not understand what they mean, it is easily misleading if they are not annoying. I will not bother uncoiling the opera plot here. It is a common wagnerian synthesis of most of the ingredients, in this case the mixture of Holy Grail legend with the principle of principle, practice and patronizing the holy Christian. The theme of the Liberation War plays a major role, for example, almost every Wagner opera <br /> <br /> I personally used to sweat my sweat to get the first Act of Cyberberries (Music Day was protected, through my Gersing campaign). But the law makes up the second pace. Here we came out to cover the clashes, the evil magician, and the scary "innocent fool" Percival. Among them the greatest seductress, smoker, will be used to entice him towards the dark. After an initial conflict with more symbols, these get stripped away, and the long, gorgeous, transformational twin really takes off in young fools and temptations. Eventually this movie started a genuine magic, and it basically likes to set things as normal and simple as cyberbars. Suddenly the acting began (a fancy actress Edith Chickar and the delightful Soprano of the Yvonne Mintan team to create a wonderful smoker); Suddenly, music came to life and troubled the two characters. The camera work is easy and calmly liquid. In other words, Wagner has been told to tell his story more in his own words. And it works pretty well. It was the most interesting part of the film for me. <br /> <br /> With knights re-entrance in the second half of Act III, malicious exotic symbols are unfortunately returned. Some other frustration Syberberg ideas: Using a huge wagner's death-mask as a huge set-piece (composer protobbler probosios may be curiously grown); Wearing the IT-3 Nightwear dresses, wigs and makeup dresses (the director says that the knights are a bunch of BFFs; do they reveal more or more continuous layers of significance beyond their patronage? Insertion ?? Just after the incredible sensitive baptism of perciphal smoking ?? The pre-projection footage of conductor rehearsing, modern day reality, his orchestra in the studio (it completely snaps my dramatic thread, needs a few minutes to restart); The complete avoidance of passage between the second and the third (when we meet the knight and "talker" Germmanz again, he should be an old man, an old man, and the parseefal world should be re-emerging in a tidy but wise medium - old people ); But most certainly the most bizarre stroke parasymal character is divided into male / female elements. Some find it the most brighter stroke. There is no doubt that I can credit Karin Creek, who played "Perceptual 2" with power and dignified performance (she can also be the best-chest lip-sync). But please ... Wagner's percepical concept is already complex. His past does not know what his absolute silly boy grows, what does the eternal wounds of Actfates mean, and how it has become his own, to achieve his appreciation in the second of his return as the great redeemer of the law? This is a masterfully created character journey. Bi-sexual emphasis is only shocking and irrational. (And what is this nonsense about Homoerotic Gurnemanz and Perfical? Can not we just take a consultant / beginner relationship, which is surprisingly the opposite of the third law?) <br /> <br /> Emotions under the Monte Carlo Fermoranic Armenian Jordan And play with beauty (although chorus is frustrating). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to take out my solid-powered recording (highly recommended) and want to get my Wagnerian Bears straight again. The movie experience for me is bizarre from the bizarre. For the achievement of cyberbug, he has created an apparently arrested job and he must have certainly offered a unique offer to an important opera. But instead of stopping "perciphal", he wanted to bring everything to Wagnerian: people, life, great influence ... all this is in crude symbol code. The "perciphal" opera is already full of symbolism: grill, spray, sacral Sacraments, baptism, bleeding wounds of Amphortus, self-casting of klinging, kuma, smoking curse, and more. It is not in the form of Wagner's leitmotif system, continually scoring the soundtrack * Musical * symbol. "Percival" itself is a huge symbol! To return to the question of my first paragraph, the whole hog of cyberbank is a lot more for me. But if this project feels something around your fancy, go for it. I just will not recommend staying away from this; You can find yourself sincerely satisfied. Or if you need something to clear your wagering hurdle then try it ... but please do not stop here. "Percival" is a late, own paved league itself.
