I am fully aware that there is no statistical data that easily supports the relationship with video games and real-life violence. The film is false and stupid because it is in its entirety, which I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film failed, not necessarily because I think these kids were influenced by video games, but the film set it as "random" and did not follow it. Let me make it clear. Aileen In: Life and Death of Serial Killer, you can see his claims about police and being controlled by radio waves seems ridiculous, but he is so frustrated that he really believes. Visitors can make a difference though. On Zero Day, 2 kids say that they are not influenced by any environment, which are completely false to what they resist. CNN is going to talk to Neo-Nazism, Wolf Blitzer, (which does not know his name is just ridiculous, but the filmmaker is an embarrassing attempt to get his bad movie coverage) .. This movie does not show 'reality', it does not show anything except for nothing to prove a point. Unfortunately you did not look for the barbarians and see it, and you do not pick it up from my review. The whole film took the idea of ​​Michael Moore and applied it to "real life" of real life, and it failed, inappropriate because hypothesis is wrong, but the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I do not think that playing video games is more likely to kill children, but if I do not make mistakes, then the Colombian kids (or some teen killers) have not been demanding shooting guns in the woods, did they see or act like a dumb surgery? Hmmm, the difference is mostly made aware of the media, affecting the media, but probably balanced or intelligent enough that it is not even a problem. Zero De is not a bad movie because I really believe that a relationship exists, but the filmmaker can not tell what he is trying to say, and the film does more to remove its point, but it supports it. New ratings given in video games make somebody feel bad, so it's almost done so they came with 'Zero Day' in revenge. If you want to accurately drag the 'nonsense' teen killer theory correctly, watch the watch.
