"La Faría del Ebambar Lobo" is like a completely unique story that does not seem to be compatible with previous Disney's Danninski films. Some have commented that the film should be held before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", even though it was later released ... they may be okay, I'm not sure. However, in this movie, Waldemar Danninski was hit by a sharp creature in Tibet (the great dialogue here - "It is a hei, but it is impossible, I am a scientist and these things do not exist, it was a misunderstanding.") And although the sign of the Pentagram Identified with, he can prevent the change in a prostitution, until he discovered that his wife did it Who is cheating Changes between animals in one night, before she runs into a storm and kill her both of her and her lover before being electruted. Long ago, he was resurrected by a professor at the University of Wabbertus, who conducted some irrational test with mind control. He is taken underground underground, where the subjects of this testament resemble disciplined animals. <br /> <br /> Firstly - Jackinto Molina, Paul Nashchi, what you want to call him is a good actor and passionate care about his work. No matter how this movie is faulty, you can always rely on her for a decent performance. The rest of the cast seems good enough, but it's hard to tell when half-angled voice-over dubbing them all over the line. And it was really the main problem for me ... they were so awful, horrific, terrible that the voice-over artists were. Whenever I shine during filming, they lazily distributed their lines (they continually think of the hero as "Worldman"). But unlikely it is almost impossible to get subtitles copies of rustic films, but occasionally they are found without any subtitle in the original way. <br /> <br /> Instructions by José Maria Jabala hit-miss-miss. Some scenes have some great visual ideas, others have been badly created and badly edited, especially when it really counts in the final scenes. This is because, Jaballa was drunk most of the time during Setap. He allowed the fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molin's dialogue, used excessive without permission, and spread several shots in the previous movie of Malina. This film was one of the best works of this movie that destroyed any opportunity, and it is no surprise that their two did not work together again. <br /> <br /> But there is no bad news, as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the story make an interesting mental drama with Verhuful as a metaphor for envy and wrath. 'Herofol Hey Hey' is for Molly's next action. Some pretty awesome and supernatural elements are sitting in the house and there is a very memorable sequence of about half way through the film, where Danninsky wanders in the house from house to house, brutally killing a loner or persecution - one scene is particularly intense, but it is actually along with several other shots Molina's first movie, "La Marca del Ebber-Lobo" was directly lifted. Though there are many problems with the FrontRom Entertainment Entertainment version, I have actually found the film to be very entertaining, although there is quite a clear cut (though some of it can only be due to the lack of director continuity). God knows what is wrong - in some stages I will try to get my hand in the uncut version. <br /> <br /> This is an excellent part of the liquor sculpture that fans may experience. Enjoy, but it may have been a lot better and probably did not have a great role.
