I have seen thousands of movies and have never written a review, but I have seen Red Eye, because of discrimination with glorious reverence posted here, I have been forced to propose my two cents in protest - and the lowest score is possible to bring a real near mean. <br /> <br /> This is a totally, annoying stinger, which is memorable for the portrayal of a terrorist's target (only John Bolton-Esquier's throat diplomat who is really a great man, you do not know) and oh-so-handsome and The popular Dr. Phil (whose Boosting book, one has to learn, is frequent flyers worldwide). The only real red eye I enjoyed was in my unbelief. <br /> <br /> For this B movie you need to read the top quotes (from the trailer) before picking up the money of $ 10 or more and ask yourself if you really enjoy a movie where this cleavrest line can be found. . Unfortunately, there is nothing more in this movie. The basic premises is stupid as hell; The acting is bland and uninspired, completely lacking in pro / antagonist chemistry; The potential obstacles in the competition are reflected - except for the last five minutes - through poor instruction and advance edits; The script is associated with inconsistency: At the beginning of the debut as a lacrosse for a university, the question is asked when he battles the opponent with a field hockey stick; And the holes of the plot are broader than the first class (although the character development is strictly coached). <br /> <br /> And the moment of the most ridiculous moments, such as the high-level government servant's daughter is not straightforward for the safety of the airport, in her first opportunity, to warn her of a murder plan against Homeland Security and her father's head. Or when the same female sticky airport lynchkill, along with a skin and a skin disease, lifts the piston and veins of his neck, while the 4-inch steel plate is worn. Or when his followers chases his trachea alike with a sucking wound. Or when the terrorists use fishing pole to bring their weapons under the shelter shelter. I'm always willing to suspend the unbelief, but I'm not going to jump 30,00 feet without a parachute. <br /> <br /> I think one of the best things in this movie is that it is capable of handling the most extreme emergencies represented by women (even in Bimbo form) - American films lack sex appeal. Nonetheless, this film never ceases and is no more exciting than the red eye flight from Boston to New York. Do you remember when you got suckered by inaccurate trailer and glowing tribute to the forums or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the red id video, and then do not see it.
