Wes Craven, you laugh at us ... Red Eye's plot is overwhelming ... We face a man who saw a girl spending eight weeks, who followed her back to an airport, flirted and successfully chatted her, even then A seat is beside him. Do not get trapped in the middle of a five-seat row (contact at the check-in?) And cheezily excellent while building a painful slooooow. Then, once in the air, in a limited area surrounded by strangers, he immediately started threatening vacuum, if Super-skilled, Rachel McAdam and 'We got the father, do what I say, or the poppy gets it. '. Well, please forgive me, but they were not ready to kill their parents before-so-you-plane-plane before stepping step by step step by step step by step step by step. Outside the street and somewhere to terrorize him, forgetting complex and unsafe parents plots, dragging his nail or until he needs to make all the important 'calls'? Or even - these movies and some of our extraordinary twists are needed - if you keep the problem of maternal parents clear, keep it better so that they can be kept harmless until the end of the extremist plot. Some senses, without the planes, the dumdown? Otherwise, if you want to hear the sound like a real terrorist / killer - the big Barua-missile thong can not be appointed, instead of 50%, the car running highway inside politics can be used more easily. The story of a Miami seafront hotel, from a liner (remember, we already know, Miami security is lax, so they will move away)? I know, I know, for 8 weeks to have a lot of fun by watching a beautiful girl, her bathroom to steal her bathroom (anyway - star track style - moving from Miami to Texas) - perhaps - to arrange politicians to change the hotel room. And, and, and ... Well, thousands of things can be wrong here, everyone is completely destroying the big plan, so why are you Adanatike intelligent cell phones do not drown. For example - 1. Buzzuka. 2. The car. 3. Boom! My 50 minute drive house errors and stupid code-hicchokian twists were highlighted in the movie, which was sadly the best fun of the whole experience. And for security at the Miami airport ... we have a crazy mad and violent girl, who is driving, being run by the police, who drink behind the coffee and read a magazine repeatedly. The crazy silicone Murphy (then no CCTV?) - A few years ago, guns were dragging me for parking for the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami Airport). So instead of talking to her colleagues, or instead of going to Blauer in the call box, her father has been warned directly to warn her life, instead of stealing a person's career in a family in the eastern part of McAdam Airport (call for conviction ...) and Take the parents home, in the garden car in front of the house, the rich surrounding watch district, pr The corridor crashed in front of the car - by killing a car, which actually happened a little after about a minute after the parents woke up at noon, since they failed to register with any neighbors who are not very flexible, thus hiding for 15 minutes and looking for the Schengenes, Because the Jolo Horse Walk is running around the typing house. Dahahah, it really hurts to think about it all - Cillian (who has been named Silly 'Un for its name?) Incredibly turns out from the ice killers to a surprisingly offensive (and inactive) crazy killer, this theoretically innocent innocent person lives n Baba Allow to save so that she can see her daughter cook her hinge. I want to stop well, because I am writing here that the flow of the drill is incompatible as the red eye script. MS McAdam was not allowed to fly in the first place, but the headline could be changed from 'Red Eye' to 'No I, Favorite'. RR
