Pure beauty has this unique cartoon moment but overall it is not very good. In addition to limited animations, sub-standard character and background design will limit its mass market appeal. The original Star Wars Clone War and Disney's Kim Possible have a cross design, (Brendan, its original character, Kim also maintains the unique similarity to Kim Robbie Stablebale). The background design is as broad and stylish and stark as it is, yet with its standard Overall, it's still looking poorer and cheaper. From the middle of the 80s, most of the Eastern European or Nordic animations are similar to backgrounds, it is used in their own way but for modern child audience, on the air circulating body, each rash is used in Cgi Slugs and Conversation dogs. Frustrating sure. The story is not very compelling, and most of the voice actors are not impressive, especially the brilliant Brendan Glisson, who seems to be phoning in his part. There are some secondary characters that are covered as little clichés and stereotyped racist. However, some of the characters are good, the Vikings villains, though underused are working well and are particularly predoboding both the appearance and the sound. There is a moment to protect the main character and his consultant from Volvo's attack that is very nicely integrated. Appearance and feeling may also be inspired by the downshoot downshoots, which is a thick hole / tribute to Yale's horse rabbit. The appearance is clearly and explicitly inspired by the theoretical / mathematical / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are in these topics, then you can drag it towards its appearance. The film is very interestingly presented in front of the eyes of shots shot very well, it is a beautiful match-cut and a large scale viking attack which is very moody and impressive. Although the best music is, most of the background music is composer and moving, especially by the soul girl, which is really beautiful and scary and works very well with illustrated images. At this point, if the whole film was poetical, (and it tried), but it is a very beautiful and poetic film that is sadly not reachable to the audience, but it is not a shame that it is a broad audience because it is mostly average and cheap Do not stand up and look up to modern animation standards. Above all, a film that clearly divides my opinion in different ways, but not all are able to look at music and songs and sometimes spooky or scary moments. Oh yes and the cat survived for a long time, not sure how it was possible.
