Chris Rock claims to be better than giving himself "down the earth". Under the direction of "American Pie" brother Chris and Paul Wetes, the brother of Warren Batti, this incomplete re-establishment of Warren Batti's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Can Wet" repeats the "Comes Jordan" here in 1941, the lack of uncensored humor that Chris won, his first HBO special For an Emmy Rock. In the forecast, he sworn the oath from A to Z, but he consciously avoided F-word. "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma," or "Nurse Betty" saw this gifted African-American poet who knows that Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy can get more smiles than F-words together. Sadly, despite some malicious one-fishing frenzy, the "Down to Earth" rock hits like a comedy undefeated and unlike different romances. <br /> <br /> "Down Earth" completely destroys any good will, Brothers face their Landmark Ground Out "American Pie." This disposable flylevel qualifies as a concreved and confusing comedy with a thoroughly unlikely color-blind interracial romance. Unfortunately, among them "more than competency"? "The Flute Monty" Mark Adi, Chase Palminitor's "Analyze," "SCTV" Eugene Levi and Charles Wellington Junior Brian Rhodes, Junior Flat-Foot, Sketchy Role. Hardcore rock fans will undoubtedly blame that something will be accused of their favorite comedians with the right to try. Lans Krauther, Ali Lee Roi, Louis C.C. and Rock, uncommonly written by Rock "Earth to Earth", identified Chris as a messenger, who sneaks in the big Apple days and disappears on stage at Harlem's celebrated Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Burton (Chris Rock) suffers from serious fears. Nevertheless, his charity manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Fiscone of "Hannibal") showed him thick and thin with a stick. Lance said a wonderful amateur night event will be held in Apollo Theater, he urged Whitney to get him on line-up. Forgive me, but if Lance is such a dead body stand-up comic, why is Apple inviting him? Meanwhile, there's something else to shop for Fate Lance. While riding the bike our hero is a beautiful lady, Sony (the King of the King "Jerry Maguire"), crosses the street, but he does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Burton levitates the galaxy with a halo of walohed around his head. Heaven, which is similar to a cruise ship nightclub, lays an excessive angel that teaches Lance. Kiss (Eugene Levy of "Tuned"), the time of his death 40 years before the schedule. <br /> <br /> The divine King (Chase Palminatori "Analyze It"), the god of the right hand, apologizes and lances back to the world. Lance could not recover her dead body, so she must live in another body. What's the best, white, 60-year-old Tycoon Charles Wellington? Wellington's immoral wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and her unscrupulous personal partner Winston ("Greg German of Sweet November") tried to poison her. Unquestionably, before Wellington's body is extinct, the lens will accept conditionally as a borrower until the keys can look for the more suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance-A.-Wellington faces again in Sonny. She is a nurse activist who has protested against the decision to personalize the Brooklyn Community Hospital to serve the poor. Regina King Crusader came to play his role as a Crusading Health Care worker, though he acted in a character who surpassed the motivational motivation for his issues with Wellington. Though he is no longer black, Lance did not try to just choose Sony, but won a gigabyte in Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" Rock plays his most vague role. The reason for the comedy seems to be suspicious of making this movie. In the statement, he had lunch with Warren Bitti and told Batu that he liked the original script that the painter Yale wrote for May May. Initially, Betty tried to retaliate herself by attempting to play Mohammad Ali in the title role of "Heaven Can Wait" in her own version. The deal was reduced, and BT gave the title of this film. According to Rock, his long-time co-writer and he thought that he could 'extinct' this classic. Moreover, he supports his choice "Heaven can wait" based on his philosophy, "You can do anything when you are hot." Earlier, Rock Torring Rappers refused a script about a load load, because he saw little scope for expanding his image in this film. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock did not extend his picture so much that he spoiled it for the worst! With this annoying plot, this half-baked concert film can enrich its comic fame like the Wight Brothers! You know, there is a movie about a curiosity in deadly strits when played a nightclub scene so that you can not hear jokes, just smile. Similarly, Mark Ady was cast as Wellington's Butler to speak Quinn in English, but in reality a common man from Michigan also denied the argument. Adi is a real English, and he does not have an accent of mesh; His pronunciation is true. The main exaggerated musical instrument with "down to earth" is again seen again, the same type of switcher that the characters do not completely disappear for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spent half the movie as White Picture Wellington, the audience saw him as much as lance, his storker, brain head, Caucasian white, pride proud, and screaming ridiculously humorous songs and fascinating hip-hop songs. Incredibly, Rock's film executive producer and his four writers had twice as much responsibility. This mystery is how a strange, confusing mess of merit can swallow. The only release of "Down to Earth" is Jamshed Sharifi's excellent orchestral film score.
