Empty check is one of those kids' movies, which can be a great mysterious thriller for kids, but instead it is not worth a dime which ripoff alone into a tired lame home. Quigley is a criminal who just escapes from prison and gets millions of dollars hidden from a big score, and then we meet Preston with a frustrated child whose house accepts his brothers to start a business, and perhaps parents behave well with their brothers because they Earn money On the same day, he goes to a birthday party of a child and after a cheap trip from his father, he wanders little kids and other children go to roller coaster, then he got a birthday card and a check for $ 11, how cheap is this family? So she went to the bank to open an account and was fantastic to meet Shea Stanley, her parents' fans? He wanted to know that he needed 200 to open an account, but Quigley is paying millions of dollars to his banker's friend and the bills have been identified, so he has run the prince during his bike ride when sent to find an ornamental water named Marx. When he pushes the police and returns home, his parents call him about his surrounded bike and decide what to do? Their children are almost driven and they are worried about the bicycle? So Preston made a million dollar check fraud through his computer and came back to return to the banker, thinks he bought the juice, but he came to the original juice and realized that he was guilty by a child! So buying a palace named Preston, got a Limo driver named Macintosh, who called an irrational joke and took an epic shopping discipline, then he spotted Shiya and talked about opening your account and you are about to open an account? We soon realized that the Fiji agent was following Quigley and two of his associates, then he told his cheap father that he got a job for Mr. McIntosh and spent the day taking cart placing VR games and leaked to his Limo driver. She finds a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant, winning 10 year old and a 20 dining in some FBI agents? Then he took him to the street gaisser and he shared around 300 dollars of water in the garment water, but he loved it if he felt a little better, then he would force him to hug his expensive dress and others would still be crazy. Chicks and Preston are followed by Quigley in a small child and quick scenes scene taken from the original script, and then he is hosting Mcintosh's birthday which is actually his birthday, when he discovered that he could not pay for the party he was sitting for. The chairman and the father are talking to Macintosh, which he does not know, this is his son and he is talking about and should be a real child to talk about Preston and his entire childhood is in front of him and Preston wants to go home before him? One hour ago you were grilling him about his financials! So Preston tells everyone to leave and when Quigley and others travel around the house to pay for Preston, then think alone alone and so he gets face-to-face, then roams around and walks alone. Cart juice becomes green in heat and three antics come in until three Preston corners and when all hope is lost, a cluster of Shi'a and SWAT people save the day and so the Qigli and its crew sent to jail, but there is no need for Preston and Shea Hope? He kissed his lips? What? What? An elderly woman kisses a baby kiss. Come on, is he mentally disabled? I mean, an FBI agent who knows the laws of the country, will risk his career to kiss his child? He could be arrested at the spot! And most of the highest parts that are not farewell and he'll see him 6 or 7 years! Oh dear, so he celebrates his birthday on his family's birthday, so can the morality of the story be bought and respected? Are they smoking The following line is a waste of time, morals have become completely flat. It's like a torch-like plane. The boy is fighting, the curiosity is long, the comedy is not funny, the brothers are impossible, the father is worse, the romantic subplot plot is shallow and the only saving grace is the bill Pope's painting that went to shoot the Matrix Trilogy and two Spider-Man movies so that people do not waste your money. And instead of roaming home. <br /> <br /> This is a review of Samuel Franco.
