Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival we saw the Amos Kolleg film "Su" in the Panorama program, this is a wonderful part about Anna Thompson. It is a film about loneliness and sexuality, and how one thing is compensated by others. At the Festival, we now have to complain about the immunity of our "extension du domaine de la lute" facility, which now tries to unite us that loneliness and no sex is the same and the same problem. But unfortunately, we can not sympathize with "our hero" (by telling a story), because he is unnecessarily and unconsciously tired of the company and himself. My fault, I'm sorry. I do not understand him Not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit that it is not his destructive self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality, which has brought him so far, but the poor society and sex scenes. Yes, there are some deep insights about gender relations, but we will not follow it yet ... and the point is that there is no sign of reflecting on its own part to fate, there is no gender. Who has not yet noticed, it is a very sad movie ... <br /> <br /> At the beginning, more of the sketching of the situation began to be correct. "Hero" in the bedroom shop talks about the barrier to buying a new bed. Perhaps the stairs are very broad, you have to stay half-a-day ... It's satirical about a character who does not know life and heart in hand, doing something ... the movie is not following this path, but manage its characters with helplessness Do it. Nobody believes that "our hero" is able to persuade Tisnerand to kill. Very neutral, very kind, too - passive (do not mention the complicated words of Tisnerand; he has obstruction, but of course, he can not be a murderer of a woman!). To finish: There are women and the world, it is not a device of modern sex society. You can not help as you can, but following the "knowledge" of this film, which without realizing the real conflict, the bank's relationship with the bankruptcies declare bankruptcy.
