For anyone who loves a predictable soundtrack, lack of conversation, wazoo clichés up, and predecessor movies with stereotypes, that would normally be an American film, look far more away. Dreamworks wanted to save money for voice talent, or actually wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; In both ways, they are successful in providing a tempered and annoying movie. Spirit: Simron Stallion is a baby festival that sends mixed signals for kids and adults, and despite the proud theme of the victorious creatures on the human, fails to entertain. After looking at the wonderful animation, what remains is nothing but a big mess. <br /> <br /> The soul speaks of a Stalin that looks a little a handful from the beginning of the film, because he can not be tamed, calm, or controlled by a horse. For this reason, he stood up and the leader of his team of high spirit horses, which included his mother. However, there is a great obstacle to the life of his independence and the movement around, because he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the whole country. At this time, the soul (which is not named throughout the whole film), friendships with a brave Native American and fellow female horse, and there are plenty of run-in with those disciplines and cruel army which clearly do not believe. <br /> <br /> Why should movies mix the computer animation with heritage? It is rather close to looking meshed off, something spirited as well as suffers. The best example is when the train follows the soul; You see a running arm running from a computer-animated train. It would look a lot better if not one or the other, but both; Unless you can really pull some nice effects. The beauty and best-known dance sequence using Beast uses computer animation, but it is not as clear as the train or snow in this film. The opening sequence was the best appearance of the film, on the other hand, the rest of the movie was seen on the slide from the quality stream. There are more than a few scenes; I just mean multiple similar shots of ordinary people's mouth, mostly repetitive and my opinions are boring. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this glimpse, but with the lack of dialogue, songs, and motivations, it can be a perfect hypnotism to make children fall asleep. Although Disney was criticized for its animated musical instruments, it became more entertaining than a more realistic method to tell such a story. There is no place for Brian Adams in this movie, and why is Hans Geimma away from the Western theme in this film, when it is a story in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a bit sound if you ask me. At least they are using the horse's realistic word, two points for it. Still, if you refrain from talking to the horse, why such a narrator prevents even so many times, which can be its own original character? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are beautiful, and Western people will have to destroy evil, native-killings, horse torture, horror, psychopathic monsters. More or less, what does this spirit show us? It reaches a point where they are trying so hard to hate visitors to the Wild West; They pulled a huge train on a hill, even a horse was too much of a view, and their other scenes destroyed an entire village citizens. Now, a person's spirit has happened to deceive him with friendship, on multiple occasions, yet forgiving, apparently because he is not a soldier; That or because he has sassy female horses. <br /> <br /> We should be sorry for the soul, not just the victims; The viewer is considered sympathetic to the soul even though he risks the entire group of horses, destroying losses, even some of the off-screen deaths that move quickly because oh no, the soul is suffering! This picture is quite lathic, as we are running away from the spirit chain on multiple points, kicking people around, destroying property, releasing the horse and then getting arrested again - in the same fashion. The authors are obsessed with the caliph because they have spread over the movie; For an Old West film, they must have very few rooms to travel around. <br /> <br /> The bottom line: This is certainly not a Disney movie, it's actually a bad thing, though it was they were targets. So, instead of musical instruments, we get a boring film that is predictable, dust and in many cases slowly. Even when computer work is done, appropriate animation becomes inappropriate. Everything about this movie was wrong; The Americans that were not native to back were bad buffoons from that ideal, soundtracks and musical scores that just seemed so far. Bill Volume Kill 2, which does not have much to do with the Old West, there is more to Western feeling than this movie. Make yourself a benefactor and avoid this by fully required by all. Thank you.
