Looks like Oliver Stone, Brian Daplma, Al Pasino and even Michele Phefier's Pretty Cinematic Rubbish Looks Pretty The most forgotten, intense, and unfortunate pieces of human being are so rich and successful to waste their time in film making, This movie represents the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? This is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news bites and information that they close to USA today. However, the film is a fantasy world and a 'Cuban' refugee who goes to create it on the outskirts of American Drug; Kind of rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cuban? For my life I do not believe there is no single Cuban in this movie. The utter utterance, and looks with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for the Midwest American standard. The whole scene looks like something like Dick Van Dyke Show. This movie about Miami? It is Florida Transposed L.A. Looks like more. Later, a palm tree is a date palace. This is a romance novel. The relationship between passino and pfeffer is so obvious from the gatego, and there is a probability that these two letters can care for each other. Is it a drug movie? Well, any issues of emotion or addiction are even mentioned. The behavior of actors after the coke line was not something different than water. Confession, acting terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's take rest. The song is hateful and sounds like Latin lift music or Lawrence Welcome Shock. I think I heard a Polish? The camera work can be very effective and effective with many effective cranes can be effective. Obviously, the photography budget was too much. The word bursts in several places and the dialog appears to be performed in a warehouse. Writing is scary. It was one of those movies written by the script itself. You are dragging a piece of dialogue from one piece to the next, everybody is pushing the plot like brick breaks. <br /> <br /> So I'm going to ask, is it a movie? It can be a drama series, with a six and a half hour stomach together. But there are at least some kind of focus on a drama series. Maybe it's a bunch of taped bad acting scenes together. However, the movie or not, it is a piece of shit.
