This spinner has. <br /> <br /> I've rarely seen a movie which is incredible as this. And being French, it tries for depth by mysterious ?? Nothing really makes no sense. <br /> <br /> Leo Gay and her family announced in morning breakfast that she is HIV positive. The younger brother Marcel has not yet reached breakfast, and the family's first thing is that at the age of 12 he will say at a very young age. Probably four or five, but twelve? The first completely unbelievable thing is that the family does not even ask about the virus or even the virus, how long did she know about it? Nothing is asked. They just think about finding Marcel. Is it very close The knit is provincial family, but they do not decide on Marcel to know the status of leverage HIV positive status and the authenticity of homosexuals, but the rest of the family does not accept this news with any questions or feedback. How many families do you know where some responses will come from a member of the announcement of at least one of the parents / brothers? Here, nothing is there. <br /> <br /> Leo decides that she will see her ex-lover in Paris. And he decided to go with Marcel to everyone. Do you know that to take a little boy to see a boyfriend? Again, completely unbelievable, especially Marcel does not have to tell about any medical problems or homosexuality. If the family decides to find him, it is rather brutal and unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Leo is going to find her boyfriend, Emerick, her work in Paris Bar. The owner says that there will not be an emergency on the evening of the morning. But why Leo wants to see him work? Why not call and show him in some places where they can really speak? Why not see him in his house? But no, Lee shows up in the day (with Marcel's hat) and Ameryic does not leave everything for a walk with him for only 5 minutes. The American told him that he was no longer available, that Leo had left him, and Leo did not answer any of his letters. Leo says, "But I love you" and then got wet. But if he really loved Emerick, at least he did not tell him about his HIV status, to warn him for testing and maybe get medication? What could he do at least this? But not a barrel. He left and even Aymeric warned that he might be narrow of the add-on virus. Is it completely irresponsible to her ?? And filmmakers; This image was apparently made for a French TV series for youngsters ?? It is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here ?? I think "every man for himself" is still the French way to work ?? Another aspect of the completely unbelievable movie was the "sensitive" viewpoint. Everyone always abduct someone, satisfy someone or kiss someone. Outside the family and outside the family I do not remember a whole family, nobody in France has seen this to be physical. A 17-year-old brother sitting at the dining table is holding his leg at the beginning of his elder brother and the elder brother stands by his feet because everyone talks about something. How many people do you know who are physically closed? In another scene, the same 17 year old Marcel came to the house and asked, "What's the matter, you can not sleep?" Then he took off his clothes and was completely naked and lying in bed with his brother and kissed him. They were boyfriends. This and similar scenes between Leo and Marcel gave some unrestrained feelings to the film. Sorry, I do not believe that it is regular behavior among teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> What can I say about this picture is that only good actor? Especially the main role of Marcel. But was not it really enough ?? It is very serious until HIV and AIDS are presented in such a vague and illicit light. At the end of the film, the graveyard was taken to burial the family, but again, Marcel got out of it ?? He left a cousin (I think) care. Yet he sneaks out and watches the funeral from a distance. What is a close-knit family to do this? It is completely unknown that they will not include him in his brother's funeral. This was the last scene of the film, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
