The latest storm of US television television show dating has reached a deadly pitch after the first episode of "The Bachelor". Many people have been cloned and diversified from uneducated audiences, including "The Bachelor", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money" and executed "America Marriage". With the hope of cash in this trend, as well as tap and exploit new demographics, Bravo unveiled the catastrophic trend of "Meat Boy Boy" around the world. And they could please us all. The compound is designed to be simple and light-hearted: A suitable gay person is covered by several suitors, the show is displayed by the show until one by one, but there is a turn. Half of men are actually straight. This is not a big deal, but the underlying misdeed of this scene kicks off after listening to the pay-off: If, at the end of the show, the gay guy chooses the man straightforward in disguise, the straight guy won the cash award. The gay guy does not get anything, at least part of it gets nothing except the gift, the back stomach, and "you are not embarrassed?", Thanks for the game! The same example is the painful "Queen I for for the Streak Guy" (another Bravo program), another example of Amok's execution of this show called StorioType. This makes it even worse, though, men are actually playing this stereotype UP for cash. The producer of this event believes that what you have to do is keep a long hair gel in a man's hair, decorate it with a pair of designer sandals and decorate it with fichic, stop them from all the hair and fat and voyals of the body! It is equal to putting a white actor in black, and objectionable to us like - like me - actually do homosexuals and do not dress up / do not behave like that. It implies that tombs do not have any distinction or distinctness, which they can not behave like in the real people, only like stereotype. Do not remember that there is a lack of disadvantage of suitors in any variety of varieties. All-gym-tones, the most white, and all look very scrubbed and clean. Instead of fostering Gays' accreditation as a dynamic person capable of changing and dynamic, instead of how another example, Hollywood again took a stereotype and along with the bank it was run along all the way. I'm actually dirty to show this show, such as a gay man who sees this incomparable parade of fake-porn pornography as legitimate television. 10 out of 1
