When I was young I saw the whole house and I do not understand why I do. I do not really remember to enjoy the show. I think I was hypnotized by its badness and Americans watching it. It will put you in a trans-state and is not going back. I still scarred but I tried to move. I know it's a family show but it does not mean it will be so bad. The program is SO cliché with every episode ending with "talk" from the father to solve every problem. Show character is all hateful. It's all known, the wrong, suffering parents who want to face every time they come to the screen. We have a fabulous "rocker" uncle who has a fantastic look for moms that have seen this nasty. We have other uncles who are completely illiterate who are Lam Bullinkle Impressions (I need to say more about them). There is a big girl who can not work and always screams about something. Then a medium girl who always says, "How Rudge!" Anyone saying that is so beautiful? Finally, the youngest girl Michelle has. Michelle did not congratulate me but the terrible actor known as Olsen Twin If you believe in Christianity, then I guess that you will associate him with the Antichrist. He is always seeking things, trying to be "tricky", constantly saying "DUH!" And rolling his eyes which you want to smack on her. I'm not a big fan of using physical abuse as a punishment for kids. But in its case, I will take an. He needed it on a daily basis. He is the most selfish character ever to launch mainstream television. An example of this is when his uncle Rakkar's job is working for Atik. Brat decided to annoy him and demand attention. She yells at her and she gets upset. Poor baby! The rest of the episode is meeting his mental needs and the uncle finally apologizes to him. UGGHH! The show will decrease with decreasing your IQ gradually destroying your will. I'm surprised, when we find a suicidal suicide, we do not hear the news about the whole house playing in the background. Do yourself a favor and do not see show reruns. Thank you later on
