This one's time came in the last gasp of Western practice; Unfortunately, it appeared as a very minor and completely unhappy attempt - even if made by field veterans and! Initially, the plot does not offer any new offers: James Cobar runs away from the chain gang, who (intentionally retired) has a desire to kill him - Charlton Hesson. When the second gives a trap for him, Coburn kidnaps his daughter and overtakes Haston (Barbara Hartse). Naturally, the former law enforcing force - Greenhorne Fiennes (Chris Mitchell) of Herene - came out following Coburn and his followers, all of whom broke the prison with him. Instead of managing her proceedings, the traditional sub-Fordian style, McLaggallen goes to Sam Pacinpah's approach - with whom she is not completely sure: with annoyance, excessive violence and sexual tension, by the presence of Heryai in Coburn's youthful band. Is generated. Incidentally, Houston and Coburn had previously had trouble with a Sam Pacinpah Western problem, Dandie (1965; I really needed to select the DVD's recovery version, although I recently taped the version of the Pan-A-Scan TCM UK format). However, the film is very distinct, which is very generic for it (clearly suggested by the title) to produce mood: Then again, both of them have already provided the best fitness for most American Americans - Will Penne (1968) for Heiston and Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid ( 1973) with Cobbler! <br /> <br /> At least, though, Hesson maintains a dignified status here - estimating that her old character is going to be ahead of her half-breed, Coburn; Afterwards, plays a remarkably stupid role and only comes in climax itself (Hassan remembers the moment of his revenge by making her colleagues viciously as gang-rape witnesses). Later, this long sequence seems to make Hesson try to fool Cobbler with a strategy taken from his own LED CID (1961), then the violent gang was a flaming blaze by the prevailing histon and two 'obsolete' atheists (as was his fashion, Hesson Its death takes the form of a void sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> Supporting Cast Michael Park is a vicious city Sheriff, George Rivero as the Mexican Lieutenant of Coburn and Cripes of Larry Wilcox TV series! - He is the youngest member of the Cuban gang (who is doing his best to keep his drunk companion!). Jerry Goldsmith is a flavorful contribution but at the same time, unmarkmarkable score.
