My sincere congratulations to all those who have bought movie tickets in the hope of seeing a film in the same style as the gorgeous Gregorian girl and local heroes, but the theater ends in disappointment and unexpectedly deceiving. Although it is true that the leaked line with the opportunity to pay a small incognito on the success of a previous movie, with the success of a previous movie for the release of a few major exceptions, a mistake and simply the studio official, the plot line has been removed from the original object so far, the result is that the film Does not sense. In the case of Gregory's two daughters, Bill Forces has a suspicious respect to manage both sins - while on the one hand revisiting the plot of Gregory's girl, simultaneously adopts an incredible and fun story involving Scottish arms dealers. Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher in the same school where Solar was of age, he felt the feelings of despair for football to play in the dorry. Although now thirty-five people, Gregory still maintains a hopeless passion, but for the 16th player now with Frances for football, musician Bell has made it clear that he has drawn him. Francis' desire to influence his emotions and his influence, due to his involvement with a scheme to reveal a local weapon dealer, who became a friend in old school. There is no reason to forget the rest of the story because there is no real idea to forget about the last story and the end. The main problem of Gregory's character is with Gregory's character, among which there is no trace of Gregory's 16 year old boyfriend and impressive love, who actively and interestingly believes Dorothy that he would eventually win her. At the age of 25, Gregory presented us as a sad and friendly creature whose life was not active and ridiculous. During his time out of work, Noum Chomsky was spent reading videos and reading magazines about international injustice. His friends and family disappeared from the previous picture, save two pointless scenery with his younger sister, who does not advise him or feel interested in his life, we are really confused about what Gregory really wants, who he and Why is he way For example, why he is friendly? Why does he never see his father, who is definitely living? Why did he come to school? Why is he so interested in Noah Chomsky and injustice? Why is he so indifferent? Why is he attracted Frances? Why did not he attract Bale to the last twenty minutes of the film? Is not Belle or Francis able to see him in heaven because he's lost or interesting? Why did he and Bell try to try Francis after becoming a thing, and his organization threatened to disrupt his life completely? Do we really believe that the Scottish arms dealers can openly sell the weapons of torture to the oppressed regime and save the media from inspection, but can some schoolchildren be victims of corruption? Do Gregory really think that some of the ocean's computer computers will change some of the dumping? To make things even worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tried to act directly in the language of his guardian Gregory's face and painful body language. Unfortunately a forty-five-year-old comes across that weird and unusual weird. On top of it, it is difficult to feel any sympathy or sympathy with a teacher, who both have a sexual relationship with their students wearing single clothes while living on a gym. Instead of being fun, it is only podfofilia. While writing this script, it was difficult to know what was going on with Bill Forget's head or why he felt that the fans of the original film would embrace a story so that there is absolutely lack of fascination, intelligence and warmth, which makes the first film a classic. I can only assume that this plan was portrayed by a person who had grown up and grateful for adult life and probably whose happy memory was at the age of 16 and followed the best looking girl in school, but the degree was forced by living in the past life There is no life made. It can be the foundation of at least one movie that the theme is interesting and intelligent. The two girls in Gregory are not able to say anything 116 and the pointless minutes and even less. Gregory's girl was responsible for starting Bill Forsouth's career, but it is expected that Gregory's two girls will not be held responsible for it sinking.
