Jochen Hick wrote this short thriller in this mysterious film and directed that the AIDS virus converted a sheep virus by the government to free the world of sheep and apparently convicted him some years before the outbreak of this horrible disease. . It is not for the extremism of the film's concept, but it is a rhythmic non-extinguishing organism that has many films in relation to the world's ruins. <br /> <br /> A trip to investigate the scientific concepts of Steven (Tom Walshicha) from Berlin to San Francisco in the incidence of sheep virus and its defective people. He met some disrespect and resistance against a dead theory, but he knew about the theory and also faced some people supporting his investigation. At the same time, a series of serial killings, including his inspection, were held, each victim died in the same way, and each murder apparently coincided with the musical strain from the pookina opera 'Turanot', which was done for opening in San Francisco Opera. A police investigator Luis Tolivar (Erit Levy) and his classmate Police (Kellen Parker) followed this murder, and Stephen made a round of sexual relations and bars in San Francisco, who tried to find Gini's drunk for his father's theory. He encounters a strange boy Jeffrey (Jim Thalaman) with whom his cat and mouse are attracted and famous doctor Burrus (Richard Conte), who suspects suspects are involved in cast. How it will end is a story of self-identification between film play, Steven and Jeffery, which is a case of murder investigation. <br /> <br /> <br /> Jim Thalamman and Richard Conte perform well in their roles (they are the only three who have no previous acting experience in the film! ), The quality of the film is lesser than the few talented Iriette Levy and Kylie Parker: when the drop down rating credibility screen below zero. Other actors have some small cayos that will brighten the screen for their living moments, but all the photos are sung by the continuous repetition of 'Nissun Darma', such as the song from the recording of the Mario Dell Monaco opera - and the reason for the film's creation Be! Good ideas for a movie and some good characteristic of the actors, but there is no solution to the early generation that starts the whole thing. Gary Harp, February 06
