It's 94 minutes of jo-dropping horizons, except for 10 great minutes with the HP trainer of skyscraper! The act was violent, but the story is really scary. The performance was wooded and stilted, even by the standard talkies standard (Lee Tracy and HB Warner exception, which can make any mistakes). Rose Hobart was completely awkward as Julie and (as was Dr. Jake of 1932 and Mr. Haiday, otherwise nice flick). And the rest of the cast was bad, there is no sound to describe their horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than acting, the story was there. For some unknown reasons, Julie loves liloim, no cad, and no freedom fighter for women. She married Julie but did not support her, instead of lying on the bed all day, or hanging with her little biography, Fauzdari (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he has a kind word to say Julie and he regularly beats her Julie still loves him and makes excuses for him constantly, which makes him feel more abusive. Even what is sick that this movie presents us as a love story. However, we see Julie as a great character, whose pure love re-evaluates Liloom. WTF? <br /> <br /> After the last 1/3 of Lilim killed himself in this photo (a robbery plot becomes horrified and Lilim throws himself knife without taking the police.) While he was dead, he told Julie, "I always fight you, but I'm not sorry." Finally, when she dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (No character sometimes called "I love you" when they are alive.) After his death, God's chief magistrate gives Liliom another day on earth so that he can "do some good" for his strangers. The hell for this is 10 years. After 10 years, Liloem has allowed one day to meet his 10-year-old daughter on earth. She goes to her in front of her house and tries to stick her to "do something good" for her; She tries to play her card, she tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she is not interested and rebuffs him. So he slaps her. He Slap Her And then he disappears backwards beyond. I see, we tell her daughter Julie about this. The girl said, the chap did not hurt, she started eating kissing. This is supposed to be the magical moment of the movie. If she does something like this, her mother asks, Julie answers that "someone can kill you and kill you and kill you and do not hurt you." Then the music melts and rides in Heaven to heaven in Lilleom. Blech! <br /> <br /> There was a stored grace for this movie, and that director-general (HB Warner was really fantastic here) and Liloam's interview on spiritual trains. Some magistrates had some deep say about Liloim's life and the second possibility and death. This scene alone makes me this rating 1 to 2 stars. Regarding his suicide as the reason for Lilim's suicide, the magistrate said, "People think that their problems end when they die, you think that you will cancel all your responsibilities by killing yourself. Your name on earth is still called; As long as no one lives until you remember, the matter is restrained. You have completely forgotten, you will not end up with the earth, you are the last. " Some great glorious transcendental stuff in some of the most horrible trash I've ever seen. However, this story is apparently portrayed as "liloom" and the musical "carousel".
