Universal's answer "Exorcist" is not one of the very best. Unfortunately, the film provides unclear guidance from Michael Wisner, who would destroy an outstanding cast with a painting relieved crater-sized plot-hole. It can not be mentioned, it does not explain some key elements in the story of the incredible fools. <br /> <br /> The model Kristen Rain raises the height of an ambitious, dark blind pastor John Carradine, owned by the Catholic Church, who is always there in the secret window. She started to enjoy obscure spells and nausea. What's worse is that the tenants such as Burgess Meridith (with a cat and canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo are gay. Abha Gardner (looking great at 55) Realtor showed those places rain. Christian Lover Chris Sarandan, whose wife had "committed suicide" after finding out they had a relationship. José Ferrer has a small role as "Brotherhood Printer", who asked Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to take precautions because he is not moving towards very high-growth, but not only the carrotine's residence but also along with the rain. One day, Sarandan raised high fares to check in a certain room on the street, where he heard the metal clung and other rocket rocket. He died on the same night in a nightmare of Christina's death "dead" to his dead father. Crying on the street, Christina actually sheds blood on her, which brings police detective Eli Walch and partner Christopher Walken to investigate so that it is sure to return Sordan in any way who is a hot shot lawyer who once defeated the police. The whole wife's suicide court The case is really a sender because Walach is looking forward to discovering the true way of blood and if Sorandon has something to do with it, then discover it. You also understand Martin Bartamsam as a professor who understands this kind of Latin christina as a fashion photographer like James Goldlam and mysteriously known as Tom Bearer and understands unfinished actors, a person interested in this room who has been very available in the room (now renewed)) once Christina stayed ! The lack of explanation disturbs me more than anything else. Wallach and Waken have been forgotten in the end of the film and we are wondering why they are just investigating for the time being. Their characters are just left on the back burner. How can the priests know that "now is the time" when a specific person dies and the specific gate of the uprising has to be replaced for protection and why Cristina suffers from her sufferings is not explained enough. Christina shows how ghosts and disappears by trying to show the guards the cells that were held during the cat's birthday. Gardner's role of grand design can not be mentioned. He brings this up to man, but what is the reason for the picture? It seems that the film should have been for a long time and it was a scary conclusion that the lost things were cleared when it should be scary.
