Prison has been set up, where the work in the new prison has created a problem, so that the Board of State decides to reconsider an old sedition closed for 20 years, Warden Eaton Sharp (Lane Smith) is given the responsibility. 200 strange detainees were arrested and they were working in the chest (Viggo Martensen) to fix roundabout fishermen, who were ordered to break into the old execution chamber, he was properly compelled, but when he sharpened the bright up door sharpened the shoot out & The fire near all the electric, gas and prisons goes crazy for a few minutes. Berk has unintentionally expressed a deadly evil power that is in the mood for murder and nobody is safe ... <br /> <br /> I managed to forget about the small point of being a story of the horror of the late 80's that the prison was late. This script is empire pictures regular c. Cartoon Joyner was responsible for writing 'classics' like the 1999 (1990) class, Doll Masters III: Toulon Revenge (1991) and Popet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004) Other low budget horror shit that I have not even heard and very important to myself Feel with it. My biggest problem in prison is that it is very slowly, even before the release of 'evil forces', it has gone for more than 30 minutes before filming even though the speed has finally reached, but then it was too late as I was worried, then here really There is no visible tale. In the beginning, the old execution chamber does not try to explain why an 'evil force' is surrounded, it never explains that during the attack on the force of revenge, it is thought that why this army decides to kill random prisoners or why it is' Word Sharp can not be killed directly, where there is no explanation where Burke fits in it, if so And the way he was captured and the prisoner, the same way the warden is related to what is happening, there is no real explanation for him, along with the sequence of two early nightmares, he seems to remember something, even though it has never been published. . To be honest I can not really give you a plot synopsis because the film does not have a harsh story which follows all the way through it. The character is soft and forgotten, some of the murders, and far away, the pensing has been closed, the whole movie is a mess and even heroes can not shoot directly when trying to shoot a hero. Less than 100 odd minutes spent in a satisfactory way, the things you can do is really good. <br /> <br /> He has done a good job from the beginning of the entire American Flek of Harleen and has a decent environment, but after one hour, I started to become bored of constant, dust, dark prison cells and prisons. I think the appearance of the movie is very repetitive, soft and definitely lifeless. I was not scared and without the best moments of the whole picture, the image of the cow was very bad when a policeman died when the garbage wound his own bark and face the beautiful bond of his neck. Getting torn open More than that, there is a burnt body and a leaky body that falls from the roof and very few. There was a scene when Warden would burn all the prisoners in front of them and then stand them in the street all over their underwear, I was watching this scene and thought that you will never be able to run before doing anything. The prisoners have the right here and if the Warden did something that would be national antagonism from all anti-human citizens, and every prisoner would demand warden, prison service and government for whatever they had and they would win! <Br /> <br /> With a budget of approximately $ 4,000,000, the prison was actually a well-balanced budget, although it does not look like it on screen, it is sure that there is a modest cast and some special effects, but overall it is set to have a limited ambition With the same position. The prison was actually shot in a real Yoming state jail, so it certainly shows the business. Actually, it has been proved in prison that sometimes Hollywood stars do not have only one shit horror movie skeleton, but two of them are in Mortensen and two of the horrors of the Texas Censo Genocide (1994). I'm sure he wants to forget ... <br /> <br /> The prison is an inferior, useless, colorless and ridiculous waste of 100 minutes, although I do not like it as a good show, I actually have my films seemingly more than random events. Likes for the story and the events are combined with a narrative.
