Ulli Lommel's 1980 film 'The Buggy Man' is not a classic, but it's a low-budget killer. The 'Bogi Man II' series of 1983 has finally been lost, but at least it is an entertainment subject at least if the bit is not unimportant. Now the second has opened the door for another signal, and I did not seem to see at least one person one more time. One day when I was browsing, I came across a movie called 'Return of the Buggy Man' in malar shop videos. When I found it was a series of previous movies, I was happy to open some tariffs for it ... I should know better. Although the opening title is 'Boogie Man 3', it is not a sign of the two best films of the above. Well, whatever it is completely <br /> <br /> Professor: Ha! That's a smile Is there something good about this beef in Hong Kong? Let's see ... It has footage from 'Boogie Man' and, Um ... it's a hungry short. Yes, it's about it. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start? Decision decision Above all, this movie is a total bore. It goes far beyond one scene except for some of the remotely interesting or scary events. Acting is the most stringent. "Actors" are probably the direct friends, who had no acting experience before and probably no one else. The plot is incomplete and the script is written shoddily. The direction is just awful in the sea. The director tries to move the camera around, to see the film with all the arts in the film, with light flickers and filters, but it adds nothing. The music part is lazy and hard to hear. The original relationship is botched. Susan Love is not the name of Natalie as Lacey! And the events shown at the original beginning were not held in 1978. Also, if there is a 3 in this headline, then why is there no mention of what happened in the second? Finally, adding new or interesting things to this series. Final thinking: People should be ashamed of themselves after this waste of time and money. This is a matter, if it was an original movie which was first sucked and directed. But instead it is supposed to be a sequel to a non-composer film, but it is far more interesting and entertaining. If there is a series continuation, I doubt it, but it will never forget and Lomel can manage itself, or at least have some idea about creating a horrible movie. <br /> <br /> My rating: 1/5
