Tell me I liked the real Boogeyman. Sure, it's a defective clichéd 80s horror movie, but such kind of fun is fun to watch! And plus it gave us a bit different So I happily bought it and as soon as I was amazed, the movie came only (only they had copies) so I thought "Yeah, what the hell" and bought it. Wrong # 1 So at night I felt in a mood to watch a movie (I actually bought the ton on that day) and it was the shortest thing I bought, so I would only see it and hit the sack. Wrong # 2 Yes, I heard how bad it was but I was willing to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So a few minutes in the movie and the first flashback. I think it's the first thing to do. Then the new footage with the dog's prediction in the bathroom and I like the way I'm going. Then the next flashback was a bit more and I was sitting there thinking "yes I saw the first Boogeyman, I know what's going on!" Then the next one comes and I draw it screw and forward it through faster. Then the final one (probably I was going fast with explanation but why he was pressed on the mirror, at least he could show them!) And I decided to go ahead with it and finally the movie was over! WTF? What happened to the prediction stuff? What happened to the long hairdresser (did she tap?)? And what was the type of smoker writer and director smoking when making this horrible pOS more important ?? !!! And what was the point? Annie was the only flashback of what happened in the first movie? Or is the first film stuff happening at the same time? The second was in 1978, the disguise of the Pantheus face occurred in the character of this movie and it happened 15 years later. Wait a minute, no! Because Lacey (who probably named this movie as Nancy! Is too stupid to remember the name of his movie character?) When he is 5 years old, he will not be married to anyone who looks like 30 minutes and shows children 7 and 10 ! Did he get around during the middle school? And why will Pantheus be there after Anne? Does he even have connections with the original movie characters? And I found a big movie, Mista, in this movie that when a doctor writes in his notebook, does anyone notice that he is merely scribbling? Wow, how professional, doc! So, what is the explanation for all the questions above? This is a main movie without any thoughts in it! I will only try to find a copy of the original movie with that movie, and this is (maybe additional features, a special version of it still?). Then I will return this DVD and hope this review and others who do not see it in the movie store do not get rid of it and this movie may no longer exist! Please let that be so! Sorry this review is so long I was just angry with this movie because I had to utter somehow
