The anxious couple went to a cabin on a hill after the loss of their daughter, discovering that the ghosts can hunting this place, in the past, the unstable spirit of the past victims of suicide. Jolie Pike (Cherry Christian) has convicted husband Allen (Gregg Thompson) for being convicted of his daughter's horrific death and because of this, the marriage has become worse. Julie remains in a zombie state, spreading an emotion, distant and silent side, is only photographing a nearby abandoned prison, looking for a striking picture of a ghol girl stuck in a house bar. Although Alan does not find anything simple, Julie is taking pictures and we can admit that it is not right. A local activist, Jim Pine (Scott Hudges), a secret colleague who keeps secret secret, stands a dangerous threat when it appears that his dead mother might do something with Hunt in Pike's case. Meanwhile, the cabbins who hunt themselves by selling picos to neighbors, insult his wife for the abortion of the alcoholic booth. Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin, trying to uncover the mystery about this place. <br /> <br /> In this geological miracle ghosts are often tragic with every character. Cherie Christian is so neutral and lost, even if you understand her plight, it's hard to reconnect with her. Acting, often mentioned, remains frustrating because the characters are no easy to latch on. I think it was supposed to be in these circumstances, in these circumstances, but due to their constant constant condition I was not able to cuddle pike properly due to the problem. Cherry has become cold and isolated, as I think that when you lose your child in such a way, there will not be a mother, but the nature of the ice leaves it to enter inside which I can never do. I think the right actor, even if the letters are going through a mental unsettling, even if humanity can reach us, they can capture the audience's heart. In the case of this movie, Leads can not do this because for any reason. It may be, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but none of the letters tugged on my heart string. However, as the film continues, Allen slowly unveils some truth and protects himself against his wife, who himself has confirmed that their daughter is among them and she will not lose her younger daughter again. Jim, a troubled neighbor who believes that he would have to kill Paiks in hitting him to hit the area, he has become a threat. Geos remains as a central part of the movie, their presence, especially Jim's mother, is far from distant. The final tells them all that Allen will have to help his wife while trying to stop Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this one due to my existence with Leeds and their character.
