This show was quite popular but I did not know about it until the medieval (season 1). None even suggested to show me But I decided that if I'm going to see it, I'm going to wait till the end of the season so that I could see it. In the format of the show, I'm happy I'm happy. I imagine that almost every episode had ended in the middle of several clips snuffers, then wait for another week to know what will happen next week. <br /> <br /> The show has run too much sex. Jason would have sex with that patch that much beautiful. Soon afterwards, she learned that she is a woman with whom she has sex, she is in bed with the other woman next night! Then he and Sam got it, all knew about Sam's love with Sammy. And for some reason, Sookie gets crazy when she finds it later - though she's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problem with the event is that it does not do a good job of caring for your character. I really do not care at all Jason. Along with the constant devotion to the story, he was helpless to the people who were concerned about him. After a few episodes, if he died in any way, I did not think so. That is why, I was the most partner of the murder, until Sui's grandmother was victimized (the first two were closely related to Jason). <br /> <br /> Once you have sex in Sookie and Bill, the story gets some more subplots. The star's mother wants an exorcism, then the exorcist lady should have a one of her own monster remedies that she believes in her strong. I was not so annoyed by the full stimulus thing as I know that there are some people who really believe in those things. However, after spending 1300 dollars on exorcismms for her and her mother, it's a little distant showing showing a remote right. On the other hand, some developments happen very quickly. Jason is running a blurry, Vampire is trying to sell his grandfather's stuff to buy blood, which is apparently a new crack or something. In search of her, she will see this girl Vi (Vampiree Blood). They get high, and fall in love with each other in three days and a purple kidnapping for V's steady source. Another example is when the bill has to go to a vampire tribunal. Two days before he began to feel abandoned, he left and thought that "vampire politics" is more important than that. <br /> <br /> This show is not a strong case. It does not take a genius to think of something happening with local dogs. Although my concept was not dead, it was not a lot of surprise. But there were two episodes in the final where it was really annoying because it made all the developments in your face, like you can not find yourself for yourself. When her car falls into the accident, the naked woman's face is clearly shown with the pig, and when she appears in prison for the ballot, it is easily accepted. That was not enough, they later showed the lady again with her house dry. Then it's time to wrap the story of murder. At the end of the doomsday, it has been revealed that Renee does not say it and probably the killer. In the final episode, they shove killer Renie in your mouth. Sookie comments that it is strange that Rene's thoughts do not have an accent. I was fine, because it added a fraud to Rane. But the next scene is full of fraudulent evidence against Rainy. They show that the mattete tape in Rennie is with the vampire and finds a tape about its drunken netting a capune accent in the Reggie box. At this time it was just ridiculous. I can say we get it !!! So blah blah blah stuff will happen. The bill often kills herself when she fails to defend, who is still able to kill Rene. They started setting up Season 2, leaving unfinished problems. There is a history of nude pigs and Sam, Lafayette may have lost and probably killed. Jason is being brainwashed as a religious nut in some anti-vampire church - which makes me less concerned about him. <br /> <br /> It's amazing how many people love this show. I just hope this show will be good. I am interested to see what is in season 2, but if I see it, I'll probably wait for the completion of the season.
