After watching the great things of HBO - Band of Brothers, Rome etc. - I must say that I had a very high expectation before watching the first episode of "True Blood". Tell me Often this script seems to have been written by 8 years old, some parts are very horribly portrayed. (The view that he saves "bill", I mean, he threw a chain on the man around him around his neck and it wraps him magically, if you want my opinion, it was very embarrassing or a few minutes of the scene. Earlier, when he learned that the couple has gone with Bill, they are ridiculous, they plan their things, and after 5 seconds, Magic! No more struggles or noise or nothing! <br /> <br /> I mean the idea of ​​the event is attractive, mysterious, curious, with vampire people in our modern society ... but in reality I do not think they Really wanted to do more than a small soap show, the average teen girl always watches the clock but nobody else thinks about it ... unfortunately, the Ripta Too bad writing is extraordinary. It is shallow and highly anticipated. I have often thought that it was a joke or something. <br /> <br /> However, if you want my opinion, the actor delivers incredible performance. They feel shodily, as if it were regular, low-budget family TV shows (perhaps, if the family part was removed but what was it). Steven Moyer, the only actor who seemed a little overwhelmed with me, said in the introduction to the bill, poorly written, short vowels, "you ..." "Can I call you for a few days?" , I think he did well to bring a vampire mysteriously scary part that there really should be a vampire's role. Anna Pacin was good, but not much. But man, though his brother is playing, Jizz, he's horrible. The scene that was arrested on him is only shameful on modern television. Bad acting, the construction site looks bone, and the other two say, "Why is he arrested? Oh ... I'm submerged ..." It was quite embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I think was completely missed was the mental ability of Suu Kyi. They listen to us and at the same time both speak and make it a mistake. Often it seems like unnecessary chaos, as if human thoughts were something like an annoying radio channel, and when he came to M, he would hit the right frequency level and listen to what he thinks. Finally, sex scenes were simply unnecessary and vampire sex tapes were totally hateful. <br /> <br /> Do not make me wrong - I did not write these comments because I thought the show was BAD, but I was very disappointed. I hope the quality material. I do not think it's going to be that. It certainly does not have a good show though. Best Mediocre
