Set in South Africa, a young black guy tries to try to land a part of a 'gangsta' movie. But there is no knowledge about the life of the street, he wanted to know whether that life is really good, or he will not be part of it. He led an elderly friend from the school to work on his way to a gang of leadership, and he accepted the admissible offense because of the scope of the film's fall. But the leader of the gang, the growing disaster of his new friend's life offers the golden opportunity to do something more with himself. <br /> <br /> While it may be relatively interesting, it is something else. It is incredibly mad and tedious in the first half, when "hijacking" takes place in the end with some very poorly executed car. Those "Chase", used only two police car, which is the first of 90 90's Nissan Sunny. They will not be cheaper than (and it is hard to believe they will use such old old cars in South Africa in 2000), but as long as I can remember, there are only two involved and one of them once got a scratch. Very poor and bad timers of the car are shot very badly with camera traffic and with minimal traffic on the roads, and in spite of the maximum of about 2 minutes, you can believe that a small child is actually driving high pedestrians and despite completely unexciting the police can easily police Skilled drivers who can escape. It now leads me on characters and acting, which equally bad. The 13-year-old kid before driving and extremely incredible in losing the incredible police. Everyone else is equally disrespectful, even when they themselves get annoyed sometimes. <br /> <br /> In the last scene of the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraca") is asked to steal the gang leader from a car park in a car. If there was a problem opening it, the police arrived and asked him what he was doing and he replied by telling his car. After a brief speech, they tried to arrest him and then held the police near the gun and went back to the car. After coming, the police returned and wandered around the police. After another traumatic chase sequence, they decided to abandon the car and set up absolutely to destroy any evidence. What follows here is one of the most cruel ridiculous and secretive terrible effects I've ever seen. When the car is "exploded", the superimposed fireplace suddenly is not the time that occurs with the effect of horrible sound from each window. It has been so bad and it seems too guilty that it is difficult to put in words, and will really be believed. It looks even funnier when you see it slowly. I saw the rebel documentary better effect than this. The car is a Foxwazen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that will not be of great value, and they can not destroy it in a real blast? I want to know how big the budget for this movie was. It's so cheap that I was surprised that it was made out of South Africa, and even more surprised it became a DVD release. <br /> <br /> I know this is not a big budget Hollywood production. I know that portraying gangs in poor cities in South Africa means stealing of middle-class cars and selling parts in black markets, but ridiculous effects, poorly executed cars, horrifying performances and playful characters, in reality, reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I do not recommend watching it. If you want to laugh and see the messages of the lowest budget of Amovi, I would recommend it, and this is only this. <br /> <br /> This is a bad, badly prepared, poorly edited, painful and tedious piece of low budget vulnerability that fails to count. I have seen many South African films, with plenty of humorous / nu-world action pictures, and despite their consciousness, they are much better than all calculations.
