Though the British public school system was the most popular and widely misconceived idea, the concept of high school was not fully developed. It was designed to run administrators and governors, government employees and military forces to run British colonies. These people were almost fully recruited from the middle class. When government schools began to show their values, the scandals of the elite were sent to them, rather than sending them to home instead of studying at home with the teachers. Earlier they filed the case. "So Eaton and Harrow became popular with that class of parents, especially, most of the public schools take them down from the social scale of their graduation." Tom Brown probably was probably the most famous public school student, the son of Person of the country, not a belted year. Thus, in the late 1960s, colonial guilt of England ended and did not precede it. Harold Wilson could close his "Gannox" Mac, with Lindsay Anderson's "If" congratulatory with Catherik, is delighted by light-clad classes and light abstraction by others, as well as remembering the so-called "summer of love" with its latest commitment to the liberals. The "October Revolution" was followed by a non-incident that some police members in London The shattered head and one of the US embassy's or two broken windows, but nothing was achieved. So when Mr. Anderson's film reached the film, dissatisfied former revolutionaries saw McClumclaim McGowell disrespectfully as "The Mm", since he brutally shot him dead. , A fate which is undoubtedly backed up They were successful in attempts to enter their USMM. This film did not tell us new things about public school, homosexuality, rape cold shower, Patrician witty teacher, stupid tradition. It compares Britain with corrupted societies representing Britain. Well, almost forty years in the same school are still progressing, British social system has not changed, "October Revolution" has never been forgotten except on one side or with others, and Mr Anderson is "no impact quarter" if any opportunity is given to you Want to read a book about that, which makes the system more successful than Mr. McDowell and his friends If you have lived and lived to know more stories, then find a copy of "Stalky and Co." written by that person. "If it is the name of Mr Anderson's film, a person born in colonial India, whose work is quietly our literary history Is being deprived of. And the chattering classes are a non-person Hopping should start.
