The verse-dealer Liu Phulasi changes the speed by creating a trashy, just coherent sword and magic fantasy movie, rather than just its coherent trashy, coherent horror. <br /> <br /> The Olympioma type is a strange almond bloom type, which travels in the cave area for some vaguely defined exploration of travel across the ocean, similar to some summer ancient Greece, where he joins an animal loving hunter for war. Wolf man and a vampiric cruel evil sorceress mutant minions. Helplessness ensues. Astrologer is torturing local caves and wants a magical bow for himself. After he wins the end of our heroes, strikes a hit for the oppressed caves everywhere, sending each weirder several minions, over the end. Does this movie have a stream stream of WTF? Elements and moments <br /> <br /> <br /> For some reason the whole movie is shot on soft focus and the image becomes much slower by the continuous smoke presence on the screen. It may be trying to create an atmosphere or to hide how the net looks. Both ways, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is hidden in a nervous and light mockery and how hidden everything is hidden. The wolf man minions look like a poor man's wookie. For some reason the director jumped into the air with a shock, fell in love with the man's style of six million dollars, attacking our heroes. There are probably dozens of shots throughout this movie, and it rolls back every time. Other lazy sorceress other than humans clad in generic leather is covered in other minions, cobwebs are some hump white mutants. Saying they are slow and stupid and when they sound like homosexuals, lisping daleks Fights are stilted and unconvincing and harmful to special effects. Oh yes, the music was a cheap synthesizer stuff that was embarrassed to use the doctor's creator. <br /> <br /> Ilias, the protagonist of our hero is silent and forgotten. She shows a complete wuss, especially with her midriff exposing skin props and big hair, and clearly with a moron. Of course, he is a dynamite shot with his magical bow but he takes around three or four arrows with his mission to battle this whole continent of evil. Saying he will run out of the arrow in a few minutes and will be preserved by the more traditional sword and magician hero, Mace. While meeting with Elias, he established himself as a little loner and claimed that he has no friends, but as soon as you can say secret homeoproteopics, they are basophilic friends and throw dirty hills together. Mace promises to take Ilias with him for related fiasco. Elias asked, where are we going. "Where my legs take me," the answer is. Good enough for Ilias. Missing animal animal lover and humiliating hypocrite. He announced his love and neighbors for animals, he quotes the normal thing about how people like them, because humans can be very meaningful. He says that he will never be killed and will not be killed to feed himself, but he will steal meat from other victims of animals. He is not randomly on the killing of innocent passers due to no good reason. A long time after they did not meet, he is testing Eliash's nymph, and the film threw some random cavalchers, thinking of his business, walking and Meth shot him dead. This poor soul has no indication of this and even Elijah's doing anything, who think that they live in more moral and civilized societies, even a single eye can not grow. <br /> <br /> Movie Villains is quite unusual. For a full movie she is completely naked without g-string and a golden mask in her entire head. Phulasi included films like her for making compulsory T & A coefficients, but in the last minute she decided to have a bit of a butter meat. She is mostly enjoying her pet snake and dreams of killing an intelligent man with a dress like Ilias. Wow, this symbolism! Later, in the movie he could not kill Elias and Mase, and when he killed him for him, he promised himself to be a slave-servant of an old warrior. Probably not one step ahead of the world's most dangerous villains and women rights. I think he cobweb animals sic on our heroes and moss in a situation where there is almost no one else but stupid fools. Did he really have for your elite grade trading, Ocron? <br /> <br /> Are there some WTF? The moment Most of them come to the end of the movie. Elias wusses out, I forgot why, perhaps, got her permeated hairdo mussed, but her way back to understanding the error and helping the Moss in the battle of evil forces. Suddenly, for some reason, his bow can suddenly fire extinguish multiple targets seeking strength bolts. Bolts can shoot through difficult rocks when needed. Do not say that he has done little work in the hospital of bad guys who have taken Mess. <br /> <br /> Climax is rather nonsense. Using target targets of Mes Laser attack, Oktan's remaining forces decimates. Then he was able to shoot oakron from a kilometer away by using his shoot through rock power. She's dying. Her mask is ripped to reveal a disgusting muppet head. He yells shouting and walking around the dog and walking around with another dog. Smile smile Roll Credits. <br /> <br /> This awkwardly loaded budget swords and astronomy movies are as rude and attentive as possible. Anyone who has watched the Wisdom in the Lost Kingdom can tell you how these films can be unrestrained and misleading.
