Even after the release of the Blue Underground DVD some five years ago, I did not include the "sword and magic" item on Italian TV on Italian TV and now I have seen it for myself, I know exactly why. For the ultimate Gore, its predecessor's trend (some of which are meant to be confirmed) or the woman's mobile phone is always stagnant (it is all set in the dark era later)? Either, quite simply, really very poor material. In fact, as far as I can say that I still see it can be my worst and believe me, I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years, that is, in 2004, following my travels) Venice Film Festival)! During the initial release, the failure of the film seems to suggest how to make the next (and unfortunate) career of the neutral low budget, I can see their point of view: I can choose the "gaellos" period before Phulchi (1968-77), his popular stuff Awful (1979-82) himself, but later, his promise was logically unrecognized. On the other hand, the concert seems to have not inspired Phulchiki at least ?? How did he decide to drape the suit with a boring perpetual mist, contagious characters (cannibals versus variovs, anyone?), Sprinkle it with irrelevant gore (we are treating an gratuitous, nasty cannabant dinner before being witness to meat alloy revelers, their brain literally their hairy Being beaten by the rival!) And even masked, slurping the brain (not asking) and its slimy crow Some highly unappetizing intimacy srpa pets !! Here's two heroes for how much it's worth: Here is a magical magician-acclaimed magician-accredited Odyssey (Andrea Ochippintty) and her moving muscle-close companion (George Rivero, Howard Hanks French, Rio LOBO [1970]!), (Shortly for MacKay, perhaps?), It seems to be releasing his caveman from time to time and leaving his younger generation out of trouble ( Isesatah 'bottle of unpleasant attack). Unfortunately, even the grace of natural savings of even less greedy components can also be reduced because the electronic score of the former Goblin Clube Simnet seems to be occasionally inappropriate. Phulchi even after filming the movie with a ridiculous instant coda to reach the thighs with the live living hero (after defeating one and all with the help of the greatest witch's nose - next to him? And gratefully unfilmed ?? adventure!
