First of all, I think that the comment time on how I saw the movie is not so rare to me, it is not a rare thing to me, take a special case for me to take time and write about how I felt about a movie. I said, I have seen hundreds of movies, I have seen some brilliant, handsome, most awesome, The Woman in Black, Funny, Shark Attack III: Megaldan, and now the worst: Vampire vs Warm. <br/> <br /> It should be the first thing that this movie is not funny! It will be fun for those who are searching for a light hearted movie or very bad that it's funny, look elsewhere. It is true that a movie like this is not trying to be fine and brighter, as with the title you should know what you are doing. That said, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any rule that governs the world in making movies. This is not a logic of the process of making a movie for the production of a movie, and is not an argument between new and more "ARTI" methods, it is an argument between bad directors and organizations responsible for making terrible films. <br /> <br /> This film is suffering from the most used word "I do not know where to start." Everything about this movie is really broken. There is no reason that a film can never fail to deliver a series of vampires vs. Lomis series from acting and editing. The following are some of the problems; 1. The scene misfires- it is clear that the director, camera crew and actor were not on the same page. Especially in one scene the car passengers sitting beside the camera looked at the side. You're hoping to get out of inside, but there's one, and it's no extra, at least 10 seconds, there's a delay between the camera and whatever happens in the manager screen is called "step." Visitors roam around the whole door without any movement, fearing any word, movement, radio or television commentators. Where was the edit? 2. Acting - In most cases an offense, you can not expect this movie to be like the Oscar winners, but Vampires vs. females play bad roles at all other levels. These "actors" were probably able to read their scripts clearly because anyone could read and pronounce lines more versatile than someone who could read and speak. My only player to play will be the opening scene from PlayStation Resident Evil. But that performance was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story- Wait, what? The story Again you can not expect this greatest story of all time, but is it too much to ask for a match in a story? Why the vampire? Who are the characters? Who is bad guy Have good guys? Why all the lesbians? But most importantly, what is the deal with Zombies? If you have seen this movie you will understand what you mean, but to those I am not comfortable with, there is no zombie in this film, which can be five minutes away. The director often forgot the name of the movie and was eventually forced to throw some bodies without explanation. <br /> <br /> There are many more, but I hope I have enough to keep anyone watching this movie.
