Although it is not really such a horror film (especially it has been made directly for TV-delivery), it would be very difficult to point out a direction in the actual or refreshed "bladsers". Vampires are not really new spaces in space, and even after many movies dealing with these monsters in these special settings, it does not feel that this is an incredibly stupid firmness that might not be the result of a half-decent horror movie. "Bleeding" goes even one step and shamefully imitates the imagery of every imaginable motion that wanders in the vampire and inter-regional war. The plot and characters are mainly stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Ghost of Mars" and James Cameron's "Alliance", being crusaded by space as the crew of future vampire hunters and regularly removing an evolved species that have been named after the notoriously awesome icons, And like the leatherface. Good boys deal with unfortunate stereotypes, constantly deal with ongoing problems, and debate over endlessly obdurate issues. Captain Damian informal Rookie, who has been less or more responsible for the death of previous (and more preferred) Captain Churchill, has to prove his leadership potential now. Among other annoying characters, a common cowboy-style and happy field pilot trigger, a tough female warrior with more balls than men (he's "Alienas" Latino than girls like girls) and the army's most valuable secret weapon: a blade girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen for people. He can still spot the enemies when the light years away and he can do evil sexy things with others' wet dreams. Ultimately, the vampire-to-face of the media, they can eventually learn to work as a team: Michael Ironside (still another deterrent role). "Bloduckers" is an illogical stupid film, but it operates poor reviews, childish conversations, and the make-up effects of the make-up effects. When frustrating soldiers blames the captain for the eleventh time and blah blah, it is simply disgusting. This image is a non-stop series of Lam Clich and Strangers, but at least it is worth watching.
