People have reached the most distant part of the world and now they are traveling in the new world. But the old recession in the new world ... the vampire of space comes. And not just a boxing but the entire tribe. In this picture (which I saw as "bludocovers" but I guess that also goes as "Vampire War") we see when imperial soil is combined with imperial vampires. <br /> <br /> I'll make this review very small because it is a good review inevitable. I can say the best for this movie, it's a good cast of B-list and upcoming stars. There was Natassia Malthe Quintana, and here was much more interesting than "Bloodrayne 2" Michael Iranside is Muko, and always a fan favorite (as I say, he's Jack Nicholson of the poor). And we've also got Kerry-Anne Fleming known as "Damian's Wife", who can now recognize the awesome fans as Dario Agento's "Generator" Generife. So the movie is so bad, it does not belong to any name ... but the same thing can be said about the work of the U Bow. <br /> <br /> Military surveillance and murder in the place is not necessarily a bad idea of ​​the vampire, but it easily falls into the "cheese" region, and this movie is rarely read. Acting, especially from Vampires, is top and I could not find the very definition of their existence very firmly. Worse, the names of the vampires are "Georas" and "Leatherface". I understand this was supposed to be a clever reference for horror fans, but it was not all tricky. It's just stupid and has gone out of place (opposite of a more subtle reference to James Gunn's "Slyth", such as the name after store for less known horror managers). <br /> <br /> I want to say. You can prepare a lot of cheese (from this day and I'm from Wisconsin) and want to see average actors with warships of war in the air with poor costumes (though "place" looks like any other forest in the world), if you check it out . You can see other Chess Vampire films (John Carpenter's "Vampires") or other Chess Space movies when I personally do not recommend it. Or even some good ones. But, hey, is not your thing.
