I saw this a few nights back, do not expect too much and vaguely do not provide anything very exciting. A crew of vampire hunters (for v-san, vampire sanitation) established crews, their spaceship often threatens the spaceship and rescues people, it's pretty good and the film is managed more well. Unfortunately, after the opening of the film, the real quality of the idea started to move away from the film, even after leaving something behind it, it is also funny to be visible even visually. I do not expect anything special from these movies which pops up on the Psyche Channel and at least it was not one of the vivid features that involved a painful CGI animal, but it was still quite bad, mostly because of the writing and acting, But a sterling contribution to the overall evil created by awesome music. When the film is selected only for a general science fiction, strange sounds reach the soundtrack, but very often very badly spoils the soft rock and screams impressive scenes. I had to endure General Chassis and more writing was not for music, it was a serious misconception, which made things from Chess to Lamly Comnik. From acting, Dominic Jamprega was right but happy as the nominative hero, although Lyan Adcky was quite boring as the Vamp Busting team's tough girl, and Aaron Pearl played a member who was not well written or was not attractive enough to make an impression. Actress Latter Natsya does not seem to be good at Malta, although she has done a good job with less boring character than others, and she sees that she is very important. Cast was the only serious name Michael Iranside and he worked unselfishly, even though he was a deliberately funny person. She has fun and earns her paycheck and her role seems to be entertaining. The effects are completely correct, they are at least like the standards of the average science fiction TV show, and there are some scenes in addition to blood splitting and some fun things. Things are moving nicely, and I often feel the stringent rating of this movie, but I think it is a regular smile and understand that if the movie is not a deliberate comedy, I think it is not just 'successful'. I guess it's a very long, great, incredible one, but it did not appeal to me. If you really like sci fi trash or unexpected chuckles i'd say dig it's just a go for it.
