Although the actor was good, especially like the Frigi Habildland, like the blind Lily, the film script is frustrating and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmier Snire Gundson) is becoming blind after the car accident, running for himself and his fate. Lily, after her birth, wants to "see" eyesight, teachers of the blind, and see her again. (Blind people see them with their fingers, nose and ears). Here the film is becoming a street; And the road becomes even longer, their relationship increases further, which was predefined from the beginning of the movie. Theater director is on the street in the street (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother is living somewhere in Russia and making artistic structures - of course, what else he needs to do! - And she's still alive, because she's waiting for her son, she's dying. My god This fate! <br /> <br /> Finally the boy came! Mom is celebrating big party! Beach beaches The air is blown and a pianist is playing on a real piano in a dive. Yes, they are celebrating his farewell. The boy just comes time The mother can finally swallow the medicine operated by a nice nurse. Now a great artist can die in the hands of his great artist son, and he is sadly thinking about living in perfect Germany, and the boy responds roughly. Because the boy can not see, he is not falling in love with a nurse - film script too has become very complicated! But looking at Lily on the way home. <br /> <br /> Lily's sister is parallel to Rammovi, while in the house, a lady asked a classmate, who first dares to disappoint her? . The ceremony is favorable. Because Mim (Tina Engel) is traveling together with Lily's lover, Paul (Harold Schrott). After Lily, they bring him back. Paul and Lily did not fall in love with the mother, because the film's script became very complicated. Paul out exceptions miss some exceptional film scripts. I recommend an architect or a Pianist, or of course a famous one! Finally when they find Lilie, they want to satisfy him, to return to Paul, because he has two eyes and is able to take care of him. But Lily felt her student, theater director love; Did I mention that he was a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This German film industry! You can see in this provocative product that the German Film Subsidiary Fund does not always produce good movies, because they pay for such pseudo-intellectual films. These pictures are really embarrassing. I think the script has gathered in some coffee shops and restaurants from some highlands. Everyone is entitled to contribute with an idea. Perhaps Til Schweiger is being an associate of intellectuals, including some intellectual flash. I reminded the script of this picture in full pain of another German film: "Barfus" - the title of the title is not correct already! "Barfus" DVD cover proudly wrote: "A Til Schweiger Film". The film received Filmstrip NRW, FilmFordad Hamburg and FFA subsidies. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Do not waste your time with this picture! Germany has really good films. Marcus H. For filmmakers like Rosenmüller, Joseph Wilsaier, Hans Steinbiechler, Hans-Christian Schmidt, Fath Akin, see.
