I just finished watching this movie. I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror Movie and Spoof, because I was very excited. I saw that I was very surprised. I knew it was low budget, but I would not be tapped with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a great, very underrated band, The Horror Popps, their songs, where the vanara's reforms, and are immediately killed in various horrific ways. This is a great opening. But the problem is that, till the end, this movie was really it. A live performance, a death. Another live performance, a death. It gets old And the intestinal initial use (literally) in view of death. Why does the murderer not use other body parts, legs, or eyeballs, or the brain? Do not make me wrong, this is some part of the movie which is wonderful Just like the French French band known as BERET, the expectation of a band called Aikikas, the scene used and a performance-themed scene by simple plan members, since the band did not have enough members to play their shows and the soup overweight-proud for bowling- it's a really gy raster That's going to be, I watched the future of this movie For others will be saved. But my biggest problem with this movie is the first ridiculous, but after a while, the "lack of acting talent" of "actors" is a terrible lack of talent. Especially Warped Tours Manufacturers, Kevin Lyman He tried very hard, but I suspect he did not want to make this film, but there was something in contract or something. Besides, sound quality is terrible and there is no subtitle in the DVD. The film solver's plot is very lazy and very random. Something about Loud Kaufman as a magic sword and Satan. In the line below, this movie has many good qualities, but not enough to be a decent, low-end, music, or comedy. Although I have to credit it to some band which I have never heard of, otherwise I would not have heard it. Such as tsunami bombs, and phenomonauts (an insane, psychobody band). I recommend that you rent this movie, see the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, then see the next 20 or 30, but if you like it, see. If not, just go to the special features and view all music videos and live performances. They rock! Long live punk rock and fall!
