This movie can be labeled in a research case. It is not simply that it refers to any unhealthy and non-artistic desire to be called cacao imagery. The author lives with the impression that romantic rebellion against some generic and child-related social problems ("Moldova is not the most peaceful region in Europe", "I do not believe in an egg in the bird's flu"), "Romanians steal because they are poor, because Europeans steal They are thieves ") a responsible moral and artistic attitude closer or less - but he aims strictly close! <br /> <br /> Do not know what Daniile did, it is not enough to suppress yourself as a godman - it requires a modification of professionalism, talent and intelligence to transform this industry into an artistic product. Fortunately, "The Foreign Legion" Uncle Goge shows much more efficiency as a video of a family by wetting himself in front of a drunk. The script is combined with disorderly and incomprehensible, randomly assembled half issues, in a exploration attempt, the story is recommended in any way. The subject is pathetically dilettante - the so-called "director" is unable to build at least a miniature mini-scene, his shots boring awkward, and the shines by total feelings of feelings in the story. (Of course, no comments are forced to stop at this level; the ideas are ridiculous to be referred to as "cinematographic language", "medium of expression" or "style"). The acting positively "Cantorian romanie" ("Romania chant") level, without exception ... outstandingly, football goalkeeper Nikula Radukanu, who is very normal and Nicodem Aguagureanu His pieckinata seems to be a real delusion, but he has compromised by the tranquil instructions given by Danielluk. <br /> <br /> The most serious film in this movie is the huge amount of money received from the production. National budget, through the CNC (National Film Council). Long-term old dinosaurs like Daniaill are still thirsty for the government to stop thirst (in a market-driven economy, they will be immediately excluded by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury", in the criminal field by cutting the meaning of the country on such ridiculous illogical, non-cinema and non-culture.
