Bamboo House of Dals (1973, 1974 or 1977, given the title for this title) is a veteran of Hong Kong's famous Hong Kong Queen (Killer Snake, Boxer Woman, Payment in Blood etc.) on Flickr made by legendary Shaw Brothers. . Yes, even they have been able to get rid of such low absorption and the bamboo is also the worst kind of bad efforts compared to western efforts compared to previous films! <br /> <br /> This story is about Japan's war camp, which was abused and raped by Chinese women during the Second World War (what else?). Girls also know a secret place where the gold box is hidden and learn that a Chinese army officer has been raised in Japan (Shaw Viewer Low Leh), actually a secret agent in another Japan, and normally helps girls escape. Hell. The following actions are immune nudity, female kung fu, some painful torture, gore, puzzle and very aggressive attitude of Japan, which makes this movie pure and honest, which does not try to be more than that. > <br /> There is no interesting element in the Bamboo House of Dallas. Especially, sometimes photography looks beautiful with its sunbeam and beautiful nature, but it's about it in the merit section. Battle scenes include lots and always hitting half-naked women and kicking each other. Overall violence is extremely annoying with several bullet wounds, misogynistic torture scenes (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the floor filled with broken glass etc) and behind it highly repulsive end and moral. Of course, writing about this kind of film is stupid to talk about "moral", but there is still something that I can not get from a movie. <br /> <br /> Turkey element to make sure this photo is also enjoyable! For example, the gold box inside the heavy gold seems doubtful because the weak and suffering girls do not seem to have any problems and there is no problem going on! It also makes this pretty comedy inspiration for fans of numerous "skin war scenes" trash movie. I saw the same director's killer snakes (1973) which is ten times more significant as a piece, and even though it killed many living snakes for real, it is apparently more interesting and shows some painful aspects of our other side. Big cities and society. Also, for those who fear the snake, it is essential. <br /> <br /> Bamboo house dolls also suffered some censorship, which does not consider the subject. In France, Italy and Switzerland, at least in Europe released a steady version of 104 pl minutes, when the English printed in Holland, Belgium and Greece took just 84 minutes to flip. From what I've heard, cut scenes are not just violence or other graphic content, but dialogue and "plot development" and so on. <br /> <br /> Bamboo house dolls are garbage in its most shy form and of course something I did not like to see from Shay Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Most of the Italian exploitation films related to the same subject are more ridiculous, more interesting and significant than the countless pieces of movie and exploitation. 2/10
