I'm not usually hyperbolle, but after watching the two decades of academic awards, I can honestly say that this year's award ceremony was the most humiliating example of poor aspect, total cruelty and mere foolhardiness. Witness misadventure. I'm not talking about the prize - Naturally, when you have won, those who lost, lost and those who were not even nominated, the process is always as it is and is equally responsible for it. UNFair is terribly called "fat reduction", both in "big" and "non-star" cats and harvests. <br /> <br /> It is bad enough that in the last few years, how was "how" played without any consent from someone who has been "closed" for 45 seconds in al-Pasino, and what was the emotion of this statement . It does not show much more than the total lack of respect, but the likes of the groom show the respect of their faces, not the names of the nominees like their cow, to show them their refusal to calm down while losing them. Excited to walk in the podium, and the audience forced to read their statements with their backs. These things "non-stars" also seem to be that movies will not exist without those artists, and most of them get the chance to face their colleagues and their audience. <br /> <br /> I did not like the stars. The victors of Hillary Swing and Clint Eastwood have been requesting a few seconds for their lectures when it is becoming more tragic than fun. Chris Rock as the host, the academy hoped that he was not abusive and controversial, or was not nearly as funny. His first opening remarks were almost offensive (but not fairly), as Shawn Pen out of him and his comments were more innocent than appealing during the show. Of course, if a hoof is being kept as a hole, it can be very rarely blamed if it becomes clear. In the end, Chris Rock was something that was never before: a non-entity <br /> <br /> Even the number of musical instruments was poorly operated. Beyonce did well, but there was no reason why he acted in three of the five songs. Another example of an outrage for an artist, George Drexler's nominated song was delivered to Antonio Banderas - though Drexler was present, and apparently his winner did not want to sing his own song based on "lecture". <br /> <br /> To reduce the show and lesser programs, CAT and Hervitz can work in a degree of effort, but this did not result in any event survival. We all are concerned about the extra lectures given by all of us whom we do not know, about spontaneous qualities, about excessive production. But this is their night - not us. People who are meant to be a celebration have become an insult celebrated. Cates and Horvitz, of course, must be ashamed.
