John Hughes wrote many wonderful comedies in the 80's. "European holidays" are not one of them. Hughes's first big hit "Vacation" (1983) is follow-up, as much as expected, as weird and annoying - you are stunned but how romantic boyfriend Clarke and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D. Angelo)). I enjoyed the "vacation" and enjoyed the third picture of the "Christmas Vacation" of 1989, but Greece's trip to Europe is a pleasure and compelling. Perhaps it was Hughes' first attempt at the first episode of a sequel that he did not find it, but it is really silly and how the "European holiday" story is relaxed and irresistible. Not by the story: GrywyWalds won a game show to be "greedy little pig" and traveled to Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the screwball body humor which also affects the trademarks of the first, because you are coming to see it, which is part of the director Amy Hacklerling's fault. Director of "Fast Times at High Speed" set up everything very predecessor. Maybe <br /> <br /> Hughes took a cheap shot because it was highlighted up to sigail. Take a lot of pride on the "European holiday" insults of Americans (take away the greedy little pig play shows that they will win), especially tourists, who represent the Corn Corn Griswold family. It is back in the back saying, "Oh Griswalds, we're always doing something because our father is a fool." Then, in almost comic fashion, it shows respect for America and Griswald is grateful for returning to such a good country. If Hughes was going for a mockery and would like to do it as a bad movie, I might be able to give this 8/10 stars awards. <br /> <br /> This is not just irrationality, but "European Vacation" plays two bad actors, Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Daana Hill) for kids. They both left behind the whole film about both boring and objectionable, unreasonable and loud loudspeakers. Huges went far enough to have his comments about disappearing right as his giant bratwurst observer. Quite interesting Not saying, for good reason, the breasts spread to two different scenes (unless Americans comment on the love of unwanted nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I'll give a picture of his two stars, thanks to Ardie Idel of Monty Python Krue, whose commentary is in several different points in this movie where he directly reads the line from "Holly Grill", the most interesting part. If Hughes wants to find out as the only interesting part of our only strange American actors, then another tip for the hat is to open the underlying exposure of the Hollywood comedy in the '80s. Yet, what would it hurt him for doing recreational?
