I'm a big fan of the passino movie. He is one, not the best, the actors of this genre. However, this movie was a whole lot better though it was a poor cast. What they had to do was the story of Carlito Brigant until he went to jail. Instead it seemed that it was just one of several stories called Karloto. All of its past or even some of the questions that we have been surprised to have been given the answer are answered. As far as I'm concerned, the only way you can make this movie. Instead, we found this estimate that there is almost none of the original characters, a character that is different from the original (terrible step) and shows a whole keen interest in Carlito. Do not even start with me Puffy. I can not take seriously any gangster seriously after I dance to him in an artist video. Poverty opened his mouth that poverty was waiting for me to start dancing to him. He made me smile. Mario Van People surprised me with his role. I think he will give a neutral performance due to his recent history. He is rather good. In my opinion, the whole cast was probably "trustworthy". J Hernandez did his best but there is no skill in his career to take this role. I appreciate her strength and her efforts though. Pacino is hard to follow. The only way Carlito can have a formula about a person is the only way. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold blooded killer in a scene, then a continuous spring in between the other. He was one of the worst gangstubs of his time, but you can only see this movie's flash. It's a kind way to try this Hollywood and to make this second prixel for cash in this failure. <br /> <br /> <br /> In my opinion, this film has become too small or it may be. The only reason I gave it 3 because I got a lot of smiles and Mario van Pipal earned some respect for me. A serious director should take this movie and actually put the time in the story and turned it into an actual prequel. I was extremely disappointed that this movie was not taken seriously. They made it into a small series on HBO and are not really saying the story like the original offer. At the end of the film, they were advised that Carlito would have to return to the city. Heellow .... the part that everyone wants to see !!! Then again, all of this is my opinion. I could not tell you how to waste your money.
