Where can I start I heard this movie coming and I was very crazy. I was a huge fan of Carlito's Way and when I heard about it, I thought it would be the same as other Seagels coming out of Hollywood. I think it will be bad The boy was wrong, this movie was a lot worse than me. Not all signals seem to be bad, but on this day, the problem with Hollywood, they create many sigs and remakes and rush them. This was not a theatrical release, it is a DVD release. Still, in my opinion, there was no reason to create for this. After hearing about the progress of this film, later I did not know the passino was in it. That this movie was good to kill at any moment. Why did I check this movie and someone you can ask? Well so I had the opportunity to see it. I just do not see movies that I have high expectations, I had less expectations in this expectation. I just wanted to see if something it wanted would be relevant. Now, if you read it, Carlito's Way Fan, you know that he has to go to jail first and do a lot with him. <br /> <br /> * Very tiny speaker * I do not want to destroy anything, because it does not really want you to waste 2 hours watching this trash. I will say - at the end of Carlo's Way 2 we do not see Carlito going to jail. Now, I do not know about any of you, but I used to think how he would end up in prison in the preview of Carlitos Way. I was a little interested in what really happened. <br /> <br /> Now, I'm not the only problem with this movie. Actor Karlotov did not work very badly, but he could not save the film if he tried. Carlletta's fans will not even have the small things to throw in there. In the first you do not see any kind of Kleinfell or other key characters, I liked to see something like that. What's worse, this movie is Luis Guzman, but he does not play the same character in the first film. Big part of their part, why the same actors have been cast for different characters, it has already made the movie worse. At the bottom, I curvy Wayway fan, an insult to release this new direct DVD. If you are a fan then this movie is not coming with high expectations. This movie was basically nothing for me, and of course it is a movie I will not choose DVD or never see again.
