Well, I gave only 95 minutes and 47 seconds to go back to that piece of trash. I have heard that anyone describes Wilhel in this movie as "the supernatural cannibal" and I thought it was committed because I thought it would be like a dynasty. Wrong! There was a psychological thriller with hereditary dynamic characters and strong tales. These villains are completely unrealistic and enjoyable to see no part of their performance. This movie is not so controversial, I saw this level of many movies. This movie sucks plain. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she is really hot (but not her), her fans, and her friend's friend (no, I do not remember their name) went to the forest. Break down their car. They were warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde gets unreasonably hysterical and the next day they are not able to find testimonials friends. Admirer impales his legs (hoops!). Do not worry, when he is stolen by nails, his car will not start when he is too much minded. After coaxing a nanosecond, help the blonde find the leaf. I miss the events that I can not remember. Throughout this time and throughout the film, without any substance, we have been shown to have great torture scenes that make me laugh. The blonde can save the admiration from the house of cannibal (although they eat intestines, but the real food that can be reasonably endorsed to eat real food). Blonde fond gets hurt and works very hard (unsuccessful) to work tears. Then you get a good smile when you are sitting in the house and can declare "think of them". There was a significant change in Mark's character (who warned him to leave) when he told the canals his family. Then shooting something, they leave the house, running the shooting, then shows a random guy and he says he has been watching them. Before shooting, we were shown to assassinate an acid trip inspired more by killing. The blonde or her fans shoot him because he does not help them. There is more murder, the devotee professes his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does that mean? I do not know, do not expect a series.
