Maybe it's a title, or a trailer (which is not the interview with the DVD, which is with the director, as he says in "High, Kids" Bafoon Cameras), but I had a Virgin Entrellas expecting some amazing sex scenes and a cruel Japanese sharpening of bloody killings. Have fun with at least a bit of fun. For its own good, or bad, or whatever it turns out to be very sleazy way. There is a problem - and even in Italian sex, it can see the horrors of Paris Holocaust, in many cases - gender and violence are not equilibrium. Much more sex and it will become a prototypal, and even with much production quality than most professional porn movies! And with the scenes of killing, animal / killer / whatever there is to be at least a little tech and intimacy with a smidgen. Is not a virgin's Entrails. It's safe to think it's safe to say that it's sometimes not the worst - it's just a trouble for the Japanese horny Japanese festists, and their brains are locked in their brain. 'Head In this case, we have given a photo team where people are taking some shots of some girls, there is nothing very salicyas, and then they are slightly off on the fog. The house was closed by one night and by "A Murderer" one after another. From the beginning, director Kazu Gayra Comims decided that he should keep a quote of random sex scenes - we could get a photographer (or phone, take your pick) with one or more people, girls elsewhere. It looks like from another movie. Then once in the house, there is a 'wrestling' scene which is weakly dancer and shot (yes, we really have to see him 'all'), and then on the rape and murder. Firstly, the rapists photographer, who promised to do some work for girls during their time. Then like the doa soul, which kept the murderer covered only in the mud and faced stupid, and murdered the male for no unknown reason, or raped or raped each other. <br /> <br /> Now, taken by them, the next, should be considered the highlight of the film. To say this, though, crutches are the best part of the salad-eating salad. A miracle scene, a spike like an Olympic event (that scene, actually, kind of calm), and finally too much sex-crazy girl, which is not the inconsistent name I can not seem entrailing. Even * this * becomes frustrating by not being right in the title! On top, sex scenes, which are tired of 'Gaara' and its temptations to spend long periods, where everything from Japanese sensors fades in any way, they are dubbed by actors (you think they are enjoying themselves enough It seems, therefore, need to 'speak' for themselves). But the overall feeling from a Virgin's Entrees is suddenly like a mustache, where it will be goccade only with suspense or truly horrible rock (keep the last girl alive, try the virgin, trying to prevent the murderer from approaching him, which he kept for five minutes. , Because he threw a stick on him!) You just want to do this because 'I hate women' hate the mantra Or to completely get rid of.
