I will say first that after thinking of this picture I gave 3 out of 10. I'm going to give it straight out 1 but for a body calculation it got a couple extra points. But that would be about it. Let me tell you the details. I paid £ 1 in the premarket for this DVD because I believe a lot in BB-movies, especially in B-Horrec flicks. But if this movie was looking for B status, I doubt it was a great failure for a number of reasons (which I would touch in a second). It was not just painted for B and Miss, it landed somewhere near F. This film had many opportunities to be good, and it failed in most cases in all accounts. I said that this was probably the goal of this movie B status and it seems to be able to achieve and achieve by trying to mix humor with threat, which can be very good or very bad. For example, later Freddie Films (next to Dream Warriors), Frederick's style and nose-thumbing are all great, which works great! But this image was totally bombed in this honor because the times they tried to solve the humor were often stupid. I would admit that it was ridiculous at the beginning of the film. Actually, I liked this picture for almost half an hour and I was ready to congratulate myself on another good quest. But what this movie actually did for me was an inappropriate killing. For example, when 'Satan' pushed the cats against the board and used his body as a brush to write 'Boa'. Or when the 'devil' slams the door into the helpless disabled elderly woman. Now I'm not even against intelligent murder in the film - Hey, so, all right? But in those two cases, especially in film-plots, it is highly objectionable and unnecessary. For me, the film went down from then on. One big point about this movie is that I hate every character in it. Baby, Doggy is just ridiculous !!! I'm damaged by the loss of all the agencies and people in front of my eyes as a loss, perhaps the loss of how much he could write! I mean come !!! I fully understand that a character in a horror film should be somewhat stupid, when you should be screaming for help to move out of the house, but this kid took the biscuit! I finally wanted to kill him! It was totally unbelievable and if I told him 'dua!' Again I was going to push my head against a wall- because this image looks like. Why did not I just close the movie? Basically because I honestly believe that any ending can sometimes cost a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The last film was not redone, it made me worse, and the plot line was insufficient. I get it already! The killer will always come dressed like someone else, go into the house with a stupid kid, and will be killed again because no one suspects that dress! I get it This image made me physically angry because it was so stupid! And by some erroneous errors you see for the intestines, end up watching this film. Actually, if that person really looks like an intestine, then I would be surprised that he did not die, and if no one left them, he would be related to them in a chair. <br /> <br /> As far as I can say that the character I liked in this character was actually a murderer. Purely because of his 'comedy routine' work, it works. After all, the plot line of this movie has dragged something that might have been better. Why was murdered murderer? I do not know. I really do not know who I can live without knowing, it is fairly common, but without any purpose - I do not know in hell, I'll sit for him as a kid for bad Halloween! It's just cute, just stupid ones. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. Actually, I hated this picture so much that I was registered with IMDB specifically, so I could comment on it. Save your money, save your sanity. Stay away from it!
