The story of the film is Pat and weird Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, then it is absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The film's producers did not do any research or it was incredibly lazy to film. At the beginning, and most seriously wrong, Nuristanis, they were known in thirty years, and indeed since 1890 and their strong conversions, by nomination of Abdul Rahman Shah of Awnstan, were not nomads. In fact, they were not banned since the invasion of the Arian aggression three million ago. Second, the city painted as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the area can not be more attractive than the city of Tehran, surrounded by a large mountain range, all of the cities The scene is preferred. Third, Persian is never spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, and can never be heard in movies. Native speakers who speak German do not speak Arabic. The 'Persian' guards at the border called each other as 'Maa Hihha Razlal' (it is not a man) and not in Persian as 'Mordad Nisaj'. Also, among Indian princesses and main characters, love songs must be Spanish. While speaking in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Quran used the words 'Ferdous' and 'Jahan' and later mentioned some of the medicines. These words must not be displayed in the Qur'an because they are Persian (actually, Ferdous and Jannat are very remote cognitive among our languages) and 'World' for the side, though Jihan is definitely near 'jehanan' which is hell in Arabic Even when they face the monks in the desert, the language spoken in Arabic, Iran and Afghanistan do not have any native speakers of the Arabic language and its use is primarily religious, at the time associated with some education. <BR / <br /> <br /> They are trapped in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, they are fully integrated with any Iranian group. Their tent is usually bedouin with walls and a high profile decorated carpet. It is very unusual in Iran until the strike for the public. From the initial salutation of 'Ahlan Wah Sahahan', it is clear to speak Arabic. When they reach Kabul they are themselves in the desert, Hindus are quite different from the stone dirt found in dry areas of Kush mountain range. There is no absence of light green garbage covered in summer and spring soil. The mountains of this region do not completely consume the mountains, the name of which is The Indian Killers, because it is difficult and limited land. <br /> <br /> In short, the only thing in the line of the story is that there is no water in this film and it is still a weak and common place. There is no real draw in it, only two women are trying to learn about themselves, when they reached Nuristan, yet it is still born and no real development is felt, these letters end up wherever they end, after the First World War, nothing changes in the beginning Not done, it's different. In short, this is a bad movie that I could rate Bedouin's good footage and the desert of Levent in one star, even if they were named.
