Craig Milford, a journalist who works for James Keller's Public Telecommunication Center, has interviewed a German professor of the University of Florida, who created an unknown creature on the basis of some substance of the satellite. But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the planet with the creature, and his people kill Professor and his associate and loot animals. So Craig and his new female psychic partner Joanna Fitzgerald, who can only contact living friends with the man, tried to find the animal and send it to a foreign spaceship ... The film has some great casts and staff. For example, it has a Man Martino phone with Sergey Stevalli and director (and story-writer), Alberto de ICY EYES and Killer, among the best actors of Baird's actor, David Warwick, the actress, Laura Trotter of Nightmare City, special visual effects maker, Dario Argonto's best artwork. And these gifted people have created an incredibly bad movie, named Mamie Golmem, which is essentially a E. .THETHE-TERRESTRIAL is a confusing mix of closing the third type of Encounter. And this not only confused-but-also-crammed film has some value; Genetic engineering with mental research. As a result, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error; Genetic engineering and psychological research are not compatible. (Curiously, about this strange childhood combination of genetic engineering and psychoanalytic research, the main character Craig himself said that small-minded psychoanalyst should be better explained, but, in the end, can not explain the whole story of the film and the interpretation of any discrimination.) Also, The film is somewhat ridiculous; Its problematic music A musician acclaimed as Robert Mary, which is nothing but surprisingly strong-Hills-Sip-Taste music. I do not want to say that the Italian theme of Beverly Hills COP is particularly bad music, but I have to say that it seems obvious that this film does not have fitness for this music. Who really thinks that Biols Hill COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or mental research?
