Eddie (Derek Phillips) is very happy to take him to a medical school to carry family tradition of being MD of his father, Richard (Dennis O'Neil) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey). However, Eddie is involved in an accident and is driven by a car, although his joy can be short lived. It would not be good for poor edi when taken to the nearest hospital, so his uncle Eddie believes his brother Richard will help him save through ADM, a series that gives the recipient the ability to cure any kind of wounds or illness. Richard is unsatisfied to persuade his son to survive, but the system has unwanted side-effects, such as making Eddy a milky brain, which is not just a good thing ... <br /> <br /> Executive producer, Steve Frank, I will complete the frank and say Seram bhayanak, serum is not one of the horror films of any budget that tends to tarnish the other Trying to put it down and ultimately making your hands a little more fun than clinging to your fingertips. The script is terrible, it feels with insane scientists to run huge syringes to eliminate the death of a completely re-animator (1985), but it is so incompatible that it is untrue, the first forty minutes really obscure soap opera, the amount of time Eddie returns home At the same time do not expect the running time to pad and find his ex-girlfriend Contrasts with others, arguments with the mother on her step, being drunk with her partner and harshly annoying the audience. So, once the first 40-minute tidium is over and if you still see it, the ADT takes another twenty minutes to re-animate and then he kills a few, caught the police with him and shot him. Thank God. Serum is not aware of any characteristic, which is a good film, the character sucks, the conversation is weak, it takes very seriously, it is silent; it is slowly forgetting it, and it is considered as a horror movie, blood, grave or horrendous deficiency There are also. Not recommended, did I mention Syria as annoying? I think so. <br /> <br /> Director Frank does nothing to prioritize this thing, although there is no style here. Gore levels do not exist, there is a bit of splashy blood, thorns in the throat, there are several spots on the face of the deceased woman, some scenes where needles break on the skin and this is the case. Do not expect a re-animator in the Gore section because you are very disappointed, but I was really disappointed. There is no variation of film in films such as a house, a restaurant and a lab, and looks cheap only across. There are some nudity scenes but it is not nearby to save. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is not very bad, at least it looks like the correct camera has been used, I can not really comment on special effects because the Syrian Reasonable Professional shows the reason. Apparently Texas Shots, or should that read it should literally be shot in Texas? Acting sucks though again I think they were rather than right actor friends or family directors. <br /> <br /> Serum is an awesome film, it seems like dust, slow, boring, no cows and an awesome soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone can see a revival between the re-animator or its sequels when it will need to be seen, I seriously ask you to miss a Syrian miss. I saved you from 90 minutes of your life, and then you can thank me.
