Starting with "Serum" credits, most of the "re-animative" movies are memorable, and it gives them a lot of credit. The story is very similar; A crazy doctor develops a serum that he believes that pain, illness and death will be reduced, but he is not a big believer in clinical trials, and so his nephew sends his breath to the brain with a junk. Junk seems like the other from "re-animators" and in fact some makeup effects of "serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is quite slow and unbelievable in a number of places, so the first 3/4 of the mobile phone seems to be soap opera in most cases. For some reason, the manager feels obliged to tell us for a few minutes by shining bright white letters across the screen. I do not see why it was important than trying to pass the time to the audience; Sometimes, that plots as plots do not appear as otherwise. <br /> <br /> There are not many moments here that are not added here. For example, a victim is bludgeoned with a sludge hammer, but when we see the head of the victim closed up, there is no sign of that injury. In another scenario, a character walks down in a completely enlightened hospital corridor (we can actually see the circle in the light of the floor) with a flashlight in the hand, looking for the whole world that walks in the dark ... momentarily, the second character walks down the entire light corridor without the other one. These are just a few examples of; Visible moment moments like movies or editorial prostitutes mostly throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is a little better than being spontaneously direct to direct video, in most cases spontaneously. Technical item terms ?? Sound and photography, for example ?? It has a smooth appearance in a DVD much more. On the other hand, there is still nothing to do in order to do everything with wood acting (especially a crazy scientist in one of the main characters!) And suspending suspicions about irrelevant moments and doing everything in writing and continuously. Maybe those things that people involved in the making of this film will eventually get more experience. One of the recent problems with the low budget independence is that filmmakers often set up to rebuild more popular budget movies and it almost never works. It was not in any way "serum" case.
