Green Street, it's called in the UK, or Huligence is a bad movie. The story is fantastic ideas and the filling of the premises that anyone living in England is in a football match or knows that the first thing about football will be instantly spot. <br /> <br /> With my first huligence, the main robber cast two main characters cast. Do not make me wrong, I like Elias Wood and pay respect to his work, but despite his best efforts, he struggles to stop this role. The main motivation of his character is to betray the system and anger with betrayal, but he only spends his convincing and bold film in a short scene at the end of the film. Its a combination of his appearance and body to make him a thoroughly incredible addition to a gang of football hooligans. At the time of the film I was convinced that a) he can lead himself in battle against such a lip, and b) the 'strong' person of the lips will accept such a person. <br /> <br /> Another major character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks at the part, and is fairly convincing as a lip. Unfortunately, Newcastle upon Tyne, in North England, showed the worst East London accent since he tried to cock-ny in Dick van Dewey Mary Poppens. Such details probably will not bother an American audience who will be less attached to the regional dialect of the United Kingdom, but because of the UK it is a problem that I could not ignore and contribute to destroying the movie for me. Supporting Cast All actors gave the acting and cast well, especially the role of the bandper. The character played by Charlie playing this character is more appropriate for the main role. With such a movie, you have to be very convinced by the audience that your characters are pretty, unfortunately, casting fails. Imagine that you made a movie like The Godfather and was Shawn Heis (Jack) from Will and Grace to Michael Corleone. You will not believe The story of Hooligan is also full of possibilities. I'm not a football huligan, but I'm a fabulous football fan. I know how 'regular' football can be a group of fans, for example, it seems impossible for a football fan, the question that is not fond of the club, the question is not from the area and even the English nationality will be accepted by a 'firm', something serious The case is equal to a secret organization. My final, and biggest, is the problem of this movie, it represents football hooligans. I object to the idea of ​​the movie that, despite being a very violent person, hooligans are refrained from living in accordance with any policy principle of their own world and should be brave and complimented to be loyal to each other. This is totally rubbish. Football hooligans are completely scum. They take the national game of football, England, and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and scare. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but they give a bad reputation to the whole country and the people of this country. They are not brave or loyal, they are terrible and evil. If GSE really likes their club in this film, then West Ham, why its stains on its name is its name. Hooligans are an embarrassment for soccer and English society. Football boxers to win the fame of Hitler Germany's fame. Although the film tries to display the 'Retina' side of football violence. It does not do anything more than promoting some illogical activity for the fans of sports. In the football match, poor innocent by-standers are not shown, who throw their day in silent coins / lighter / glass in the crowd. It does not look ruthless homes and property owners have graffiti and have to be installed with broken windows. Fans of football clubs are not shown to anyone who is banned and shamed because of the ban of their teammates for being barred from going to the European Games or abroad, because the trick in them destroys everyone. If you want to see a good movie about football violence, see the BBC drama 'Firm'.
