The first Matrix movie was delighted with the incredible character development, the evil dialogue and the action scenes kept with the story flow. This element - combined by the incredible special effects of the day - is a magical journey that keeps you in the mystery throughout the entire time. Enter the matrix reload (and its sequence, revolution). The problem here is that special effects or war sequences can not be debated; The brothers took good-developed letters from the first film and pushed them like rotten tree logs. ?? You can not understand the same characters in the first matrix movie when the first established connection between the first movie and the first established connection between the screen characters. For intelligent, morphias is a charismatic, philosophical character with much greater insight than anyone else in the film, but here's the reloaded - we are presented by a different morphius who are hard and empty, a diminished line, Movies against the character that I saw. This character did not look exactly the same, and it can also be said about the supporter of the movie. <br /> <br /> There were frustrations to remove the 'tank'. Tank's involvement was the lowest in the first film, but he played a very good role. On the reloaded, we discovered that the tank died after the first film event, and instead replaced by Jar Jar Bing stunt, which can not work for his live conservation (thinks the Style Box of the Kyle Flex in Cheylegov). His performance pushed me throughout life, and most of his conversations lacked time. There was an extraordinary idea that he is trying hard to stop the script to express his feelings on the screen; In both cases, the experience was ridiculous! Sometimes I feel embarrassed for the actress ... <br /> <br /> Neo's goddess also was suspected of continuation of the war. The Battle of Elio with 200 Agent Smith Clones was extremely overwhelming. A person must think that a person is as gifted as Neo, so he will waste more time while engaging in such a vicious, cruel battle (especially when you have his ability to fly or matrix definitely clones faster, and More efficiently). Again, such works lend to a script that is inhibited by continuity, and to protect the scenes created by Filler from our gypped feelings. On the other hand, our expectations of the letters made in the first film were immediately canceled. Sadly, for those who hope more - surely you will be disappointed with the feeling of disappointment. <br /> <br /> However, if you're driven as your standard then forget about the ongoing action movie and forget about the incredible story inconsistency and untwining the already established character development from the first film, you should feel very happy to walk away.
