Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has already been transformed into a successful movie in 1978. After a few years, it was the turn of another Robin Cook seller to get bigger screen treatments, but "spins" could go wrong in virtually everything that could go wrong. It's a terrific adventure, including wooden performance, stupid dialogue, vague characters and sewd pacing. The only reason behind moving out of the 1-out-of-10 rating is that the Egyptian backdrop attracts more than the story. Franklin J. Shaffefer ("Patan" and "Planet of the Affair" is difficult to believe) The director behind this frustration. <br /> <br /> Beautiful mirrorist Irica Baron (Leslie Anne-Down) was suddenly stranded in Cairo when she suddenly went to the shop of ancient artist Dealer Abdou Hamadi (John Gilgood). Hamadi friendships with Erica and is influenced by her enthusiasm and knowledge. As a result, he has shown a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Farah Seitei Eye that he is in his shop secretly. The very existence of the statue has created a strong tension in Erica, because it can provide important guidance in searching for the longest buried tombs of the SATI, in 1922, Tutankamun's great tomb like the discovery of the tomb. Hamiri can say to Eric that he is more brutally killed in his shop, when he sees the enemy in silence, he fulfills his fearsome consequences. He is scared that by what he saw, Erica tried to find the Treasure. He hindered his search by various other parties and prevented him from finding, none of which is really credible. Evan for one (Maurice Rannett), apparently a friend but maybe a man with a terrible barbarous purpose? Then astonishing Khojan (Frank Langley), an Egyptian for whom Erica seems to be a particular attraction, but also conceals hidden secret information from him. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "Spinx" usually ignore the amplitude of its total results. Can not be less believable as a woman's misorologist ?? Someone thinks that he will be well-educated and wealthy, yet he screams helplessly like a tiny slashback flick with some bishops. On that rare occasion, he is not really running away from any possible villain, he does other stupid things to take polaroid flash photos in the 4,000-year-old tombs! Plagiarism can be predicted in advance, which consists of heavy hand, mainly made of revelations and double cross for the least say. Even the mobile phone is extremely alarming, but it can not be tried to enjoy the movie at the mobile phone level. What is available in the little step Tedium is separated by a long stretch. A famous review of the movie has announced: "Spencer Stiggs!" Never two words have been properly added before any 2 hour film.
