There is nothing to do with this movie in spinx, and the title is just an upcoming one. The story of a fairytale and secret tomb in the Valley of King King 1 is the second dynasty of the Kingdom period, new reign of the kingdom. This is not a bad yoke, and a large part of the movie is shot on the position. Locksmith's winter palace hotel was shot in the lobby and even the scenes were shot there and not in the studio. The second unit material is endless, and they must leave loose on Egypt for weeks. Frank Langala is indeed very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He will take it as a sideline. This film is basically the most annoying actress of the world, Leslie Anne Down, who leads the way, which is largely destroyed. He wondered how he saw the whole picture, his blue eyes refusing to light in the right corner, after which all the prostitutes would wish. Etc. At the age of ten years of life as a model, can there be any hope for it? ? She epitomizes everything that is most rebellious about female vanity and gradually immunity. And this film was directed by Franklin Shafner, who won an Oscar for Patan! He allowed this horrible actress to be sharp and rich through film, a moment of turmoil, subsequent flirting, due to a series of semen, looking at one person from one person to another, making eyes of the show or bedroom is not important. She is supposed to be a young Egyptian. But he was never in Egypt before! He took a taxi near Gija and grabbed his first glimpse of the pyramid, shocked the joy: 'But they are so big !!!!' To vomit! OK, so that script was there, but he took the balloon very easily, with the impression that it is its natural element, which I do not doubt for a minute. The story material is sound. In fact, there is a serious problem in black market in ancient times. Truth! Savass! I know Robin Cook's novel that I did not see. Seeing Cyril Gold's name as a sound recorder in the movie was interesting, because I knew him very well a long time ago. Stanley Kubrick's religious discourse has been described as 'Drughtasman'. I wonder, what does that mean? Maybe he did some set work. However, the antiquity of the film is really good. And we can see the Cairo Museum and numerous beautiful places. They actually go into the tomb of King Tantankumun! I do not imagine that today's movie will be allowed. Inappropriate scenes are performed in many mosques. Today's day will not come down well, but in 1981 there was no such issue. The music is absolutely scary for the film, actually worse than Leslie and Down! But there were some track elements that were surprisingly authentic, the dreadness of the traffic word in Cairo, which is accurately presented in the background and screams to someone who shouted Cairo. Also, loudspeakers have full time to pray, another touch of authenticity. Why do they get this right? It could be better.
