I agree with most comments I have written. I grew up to see Sesame Street long ago who wrote the comments, even born. I was born in 1964, so when I was presented at Sesame Street Television, I was 5 years old. The show taught me about my number (count), spell, and life. I liked all old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover, and Cookie Giant) and did not understand why they had to change. I understand that everything will change a little bit, but cookie brain has to create a "veggie monster" in order to provide healthy food. Since the program has begun, new characters and monsters have started, why do not make a separate "veggie monster" of discussions / discussions with cookie-minded dietary diet. But, back to my point. I look at the very beginning of the road at Sesame, my 20-year-old daughter has grown up with me as well as SS, and we're Mr. Discussed about the death of Hooper, although he died before he was born, as well as other shows. I saw this episode as an old child, and still thinks how good they are to portray the facts like real life. And I'm sure that it affects all the many deaths and losses of the family as highly thrown hit. You have seen this event and it allows parents and children to discuss in very difficult events. The show has been talked about traditional families, family members and combined families. This is one of the few groups that actually discuss this situation. I am now a 5 year old girl who does not really see the SS I tried to watch Shoke several times, but it is not really used. Mr. Elmo 1/2 hours with noodle is absolutely ridiculous. Many people say that it does not teach anything. It is made for (perhaps) less than 18 months old and probably not even fun. I always pride myself as a child, teenager and an adult with my child. Now my second go-round, I really have a hard time watching the SS. Things that have been discussed include: death, marriage, non-traditional family, new neighborhood area, moving away, understanding of children aged 2-99 and related to children and adults in the related method. Now, no idea is taught, minimum count, only occasional mention of alphabet. It's not the same SS from the show's original surveillance. Any producers from the show please read this comment, the show will return to its foundation. The new concept has not had any problems with SS, they use better ways to include them in the show.
