If you want to see a movie that strongly mixes any other Latin country of Latin country, "The Celestine Prediction" is a good example: 1. Peru, even in its most violent times, did not show much as a police or soldier. During this civil war a country like El Salvador was shown. Since I am a Peruvian citizen, who lives in Lima (Peru's capital), so it was very interesting to see the police guards here and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru, and you want (or if necessary) to be a taxi driver, simply post a sticker with the word "taxi" in front of your car and you can drive freely on the streets of Peru (taxi companies there, but their Rate is quite expensive). There is no need for yellow or black / white square bands in the doors of your car. Well, the taxis in this movie have the band, which can never be seen in Peru. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean-style clothing. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he used to wear "Guebara" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and 40 torches like Clark Gable. One Peruvian people are not watching, please! Peru is not the Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman in a street in Latin America with a long skirt, like a normal local dress. Walk anywhere in Paru, and you will never find such a woman, unless you are watching an ideal dance. 5. Cast could be even better: Hector Eliseondo is a great actor, but I can not deny, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was his mother from Basque and Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not fluent . This notorious Spanish is not his first language. Many good Latin actors who might have performed as Cardinal Sebastian. Petras Antonio (General Rodriguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". General Rodríguez's office was very interesting to see Elíjandó and Petronius. In Spanish, they could see two English or American students in Spanish classes. Fail, of course. Castro Guerre was better in Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, who announced Cardinal Sebastian, also spoke a great Spanish language. There are very good Peruvian actors like Augusto Alvarez-Calderon and Christian's daughter (only mentioning two of the Peruvian actors), who could work with greatness. 6. I acknowledge that a fabulous film itself can provide the city for the discovery of cities or even the countries. But, please, when making a name, be careful when using foreign languages: The city pictured in this film should be called "Vicente" and should not be called "Vincent". Vicente was not used in a male name, and Vuntee. 7. I disagree with a user, who said that the film was based in Peru. Peruvian is not a place, although production Peruvian soda "Inca cola" is used in the posters used. Just like a few American movies, it must use a Latin country. Finally, for American producers or managers, a Latin place is equal to any Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Setal) flew to Paru, he was supposed to reach Peru at the only international airport: George Chavez Airport (Capital Lima). Actually, believe me, it will be an airport in the world, but Peruvian airport. And, of course, there is no military or police guard at Peruvian airport. 9. When this man takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and, probably there is no air conditioner. Please, in Peru (and other Latin countries) this will not happen in a hotel, unless you get 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting against the government ... ¡Colombians! Their pronunciation was, no doubt, from Colombia. To throw them, the producers should hire the Peruvian actor. In a few words, it was cheap filming in Peru. <br /> <br /> I can go through more examples of this picture, which led me to vote it "1" (awful), but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes from the beginning. But the favorite producer: It is not a tragedy: there are many bad films with many mistakes. Just remember "Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull State" and the "Emperor's new groove" of uncertain Disney. Bad film list can be endless ...
