This book gives a slightly modified version of the book, which I can test some empirical and investigative truths, it is basically a work of imagination. Actually, there is no ancient scroll and if the author is pressed, I'm sure he has never kept any scrolls in ancient Aramiks found in Peru. In this "valuable" texts written by Anonymous, the church and the local government are destroyed by the evil "true haters". It's rather weird, because all kinds of New York are often coming every year - hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church, I think that the movement will probably be cruel to destroy it, as I do, Doodie's total cross I'm not a fan of the church, your mind, but at least the ancient books that they believe are real. <br /> <br /> A common pattern or translated ancient documents of bribe artists and religious haksters are claimed to have been destroyed by the "bad" men or Joseph Smith, once translated and taken to heaven. Therefore, the actual texts are not found in any museum like Smithsonian, nor translations by translators of ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramic. It's a scam. In a sense, I am praising someone who can come up with a great idea and stop millions, but I could not do it myself, because I do not have any intention of confusing the people by claiming new AG. <Br/> <br /> Occasionally, a real ancient text is found hidden and lost for years. Jostas' gospel, a nostalgic text, was discovered and after the hard study of carbon dating and reading, it is thought to be authentic by the experts. The Gospel of Judas was mentioned in the year 300 as a misconception. Since that time, no church documents mention any famous prophecy as authentic, sculpture or something else. <br /> <br /> We are moving towards something - which is a lot of truth- but Celestine is nothing but hopeful in prophecy, but based on imagination and falsity, and a philosophy built on a foundation of lies, such as a castle built on sand will fall. Blade Runner's cruel, ugly, excessive, cruel world, more likely to be like Harazin, where some oyster's Hippies commune where there is love and peace! I tell the truth to the people and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if they are pure people, and someone can make millions. What does Celestine prediction mean to hear the world? Very bad it's a castle built on sand. Do not make me wrong I wish God, the Celestine vision was reality, not only it. An ancient philosophy at some point in time, with the evolution of biological concepts, gives insights into the modern ideas of spiritual evolution. These new AG ideas did not exist in the ancient world and Darwinain Evolusion did not exist until it became known. It means, in the Celestine prophecy, the concept of 1800's. Can not be older than that, and do not primarily go around the time of BCH or the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim by the new Agers is not unusual at all. Wicksons claim their magic and magical brand - "old religion" goes back to stone age, in fact, there was no book of shadows before the Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s, and Albert's friend was Crowley. <br /> <br /> The New Age gurus lie and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when elders stop their noses on this illogicality, propagated by today's guru. Why do they do such things, such as fraud? Easy: To create millions of dollars, and the modern guru gained power over his followers. They have a strong hatred for their competition despite their terrific challenges and their love demand for everything. Each new age group opposes the bitter others. It's a struggle for your mind and your pocket. <br /> <br /> Learn a thing from me, it's actually one of the insights, learn by following your own feelings and learning to look at directions. That I may sincerely agree with.
