Disney has now made straight-to-video signals in a good bunch of many animated features. Two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and Beast". Well, these are not really serials, because they are both set in the first movie events. The first of these two straight video videos was "Beauty and Shaggy: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be disliked by a number of fans of his dramatic predecessor, but I think that they can be expected in general with the sequels. However, this second, "Belle's magic world", of course, is inferior. <br /> <br /> There are three short stories in this movie, all of which are in the Bella castle, and the epidemic is under the spell of space. The first is "The Perfect Ward", where there is a misunderstanding in the table between Bell and Beast and does not want to be the first person to seek forgiveness. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where Fifi and Lumiare are the fifth anniversary, and Lumière is unnecessary, so Bell helps her. However, Fife is practicing romance with Lillier Belle and she feels that she really falls in love. The film ends with "broken wings". In this story, the Bell takes care of the bird by breaking a bird, but hates the bird, if the bird finds it, the bird in the castle will probably suffer! <br /> <br /> The plot I gave was the original VHS version of Disney's third "Beauty and the Beast" movie. Apparently, in the DVD version, another story called "Mrs. Potos Party" has been added, but I only saw the original version. However, since I highly doubt that one story will stand as classic as distinguished, I see no point in seeing the special edition. However, the first thing I would say about "Belle's Magic World" is that the animation is 2-dimensional compared to what is used in Disney, which must definitely disappoint many people. I do not like the "Beauty and Seed: Christmas made", but you certainly can not say the same thing about its animation. I'm sure the "Bell's Magic World" can entertain many kids (mostly young people, I think), and each story has a moral, so they can give them some valuable education too. However, for adults, the film does not really have much. I personally could not find any good humor in it, I have seen that the constant conflicts between Bell and Beast have become tedious and the stories have not affected me in any way (they are not very well written). In "The Perfect Ward", Belle tells Beth, "You are behaving rude ... and stupid!" A little impressive, and I think there are a number of cesky moments in these tales. <br /> <br /> I was about 11 or 12 years old before filming this direct video. I do not know what I thought at that time, because I lost interest in Disney, and a few years ago to get back that interest. Even when this movie was first released, I think I noticed that it was its goal before the age. I have not seen "Beauty and Shaggy: The Enchanted Christmas" until a few months ago, but unlike that movie, I have never heard of it until recently, I think after seeing Disney's first episode of the 1991 hit. Well, as much as I like the theatrical origin, if I am not aware of the existence of this film, I would not have been much absent. For little kids, I'm sure "Bell's Magic World" can be very entertaining and perhaps somewhat educative with his moral, but I do not recommend it for adult Disney fans.
