Spirring Alert: This review has some tiny spoilers. Before planning to watch the picture, do not read it out before the first paragraph. <br /> <br /> There are currently policies to create load movies on the Disney Channel and only one cable channel can be displayed in a month. Most of them are medium and stained, still frustrating despite some good stuff ('feelings of megaplex', 'Planet strange to steppeaster', 'Xenon: 21st century girl'). Once every great, they are some really really, really great (`jeans, '' another I '). But in a while, Disney Channel makes a huge mistake, and gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000) Disney Channel was 'The Ultimate Christmas Present', which I thought was poor because of poor writing and bad acting. Apparently, 'Brainiacs.com' came out a few days before Christmas to jump on holiday, because the conspiracy has to be intrigued. They even paid for a feature in the TV Guide, so I think it must be better than the norm. I was in for a complete shock. Just got worse than Disney's 'Model Behavior'. <br /> <br /> This plot was far more than usual. I usually let that slide, but here it goes too far. Matthew Tyler, his widow father, was very sick of using her time. His father is a small toy factory owner who is carrying a larger debt in a troubled bank. Time and again again, the plans of his father and his daughters should be excluded from his father. Matthew decides that the only way to spend time with your parents is if he is a boss and ordered him to stay. He got the idea of ​​hair-brains to create a website where the kids found him around the world and sent him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that invented his sister. That whole idea is full of hazards. When the children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his own bank account and buys most of his father's business. He is a secret boss, but he does not reveal it to his father, but in the board meeting himself as a cartoon figure through computer. The image itself is very complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to make it at home, but someone who is as stupid as a moth comes to someone. To shorten the plot, Matthew makes fun of his child and wants to spend more time working with his children, but the federal agent searches for Matty's company, because it is deceptive. <br /> <br /> So there are so many mistakes. As mentioned, they are impossible for real geniuses here, which are not these kids. Websites, cartoon pictures, computer chips, even the things they are being sent to school are very much better for these kids. Most cast performances, especially Kevin Kilner, terrible. Some familiar faces are lost. Dom Delois plays the role of the owner in the bad bank, but his cast is a throw He has a good view with Alexander Paul (who showed that he has the ability to work), in which he explained his purpose, but there is nothing else. And Rich Little was destroyed in a small role as a judge. Even some of the Russian jokes are offensive and inaccessible. But the greatest oppression is the harsh-hammer theme. These themes have appeared in most of Disney Channel's movies, but these super-conservative messages have never been so vulnerable before. Usually the concept of 'overwhelming parents' actually shocks and after it has been officially distributed 'Ultimate Christmas Present', it again eats my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless promotion, because working to maintain an effective family is important. Baba does not seem to be bad because of abusing his work, but when the grandmother said to him, 'I do not like what I see.' It is a bad idea to propagate that single parents must marry if they want to raise their children's rights. Enter Alex Paula, whose character is important for the plot, then only the father has the love of love. This objection only proves that there is a lack of brain in the Disney brain trust Disney script barrel to avoid scraping. Instead of learning how to make this movie a serious fraud for your kids, wait for the movie on the next Disney Channel. It would be better than this. Junta score: 1 out of 10
