It seems that the makers of this movie have had trouble deciding what their message was. As a result, they had more trouble even giving it. They began to weaken the principles of quantum physics related to sub-atomic particles. Establishing a vague picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty policy, they present a barrage of conversation leaders who create a case of ridiculous argument that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules in a universe. Then there were many conversations about Steven Kovi and Tony Robbins, who had career in them: Positive thinking, obstruction of bad designs, always look at the bright side etc. Later on our brain can change our body protein production: the hormones that we like to choose less or less. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy then you will make happy proteins. It's so easy, is not it? We follow the imaginary life of Amanda who is involved in our study, a photographer who is depressed and hates her thighs. The filmmaker was slowly but surely trying to tell us all, "Hey, Amanda, just enjoy!" Why can not she laugh? Obviously this is because the world is a BAD place where there is crime and poverty and religion, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the second half of the second) has brought a turning point. We all are a part of the energy where we are not humans, but a collective consciousness, but we are those who can change the world, but for many different levels, there are many of us, but we can choose who we are, and we want to do good There are, but we have no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is no such thing as right and wrong, so reward or punishment There is no such thing, there is nothing good that never came out of religion, but we should still do good, though there is nothing bad and good, because there is no one to decide which one is right, except we can make life better if we We all meditate. , And then the offense will stop, and if we say nice things, our water will be stored in a beautiful form. Still with me? There are also good reasons. Robert L. In accordance with his book "Voodoo Science" in Park, John Hagelin's full meditation examination was in Washington DC, its number was accurate, and the rate of murder was more than any year before that year. And what about your positive attitude to keep you young and healthy? It is a message delivered by an elderly person who watched her age and weight more than a woman. <br /> <br /> So does all this work? After one of the three directors of the film (yes, three), I was lucky enough to see the movie in a theater to highlight the questions. I call myself lucky because my first party was sure that they do not know what these people are talking about. Asked by the audience members, there were a number of questions about her husband, a chaperone, to dismiss her and to read the answers. After the inevitable political takeover, I will finally leave, and everyone, including Mrs. Chess, can see how this world is going to be amazing.
