Oh, we have a misfire here; Your image is so bad that your mind will be amazed and move towards other things because it destroys your time with the value of the badly produced quality of the brain; D. D. From the worst and racist kind of character stereotypes. Griffith Bronze Blossom describes the Chinese character as 'yellow man'; The characters are so strangers and unreasonable that it is very hard to see, as well as a slow, stupid, and unmistakable motion story that asks many people who love this movie. "<br /> <br /> A photo of Peezy's Honor that ended up being a post-modern catastrophe that could last forever." The movie refers to John Houston as a dirty and intelligent disaster. "Catherine Turner and Jack Nicholson are roaming around and others are silent. Stereooptips or supplementary letters that cry on the phone, and again interfere with a major character. Priy's Honor is a picture that is neo-silent , Fall in a sequence of comedy, romance, action, gangster and overall crime? This director should be sufficient to run it through some kind of story twinned with a cast and some sort of a sequence of scenes; some intelligence without a screenplay or something other but no What we got is a nasty and ugly movie that revolves around everything. <br /> <br /> I really Firstly, the film thinks it's a love story and it seems like it's about an hour: my time, Charlie Partana (Nicholson) is a killer who killed people for a family working in New York and still he One Flu Over The Kaku played an international role similar to his character outside of the Nest. He met in love with Irene Walker (Turner) and another murderer and he closed it, but poor excavation can be seen dramatically for a plot, it is not right. I read that the plot of this film is: "A professional victim and injured women fall in love, only they discover that they have been hired to kill each other." Well, yes it is true, but the real truth will not last for about 20 minutes! Nicholson plays a quirky look like a 60-year-old IQU: he wanders; To talk about loud observation and see what he saw; Like he is drunk or there is more serious problems, so he is also feeling that he does not feel as a murderer? The first one is actually shot dead badly (which actually stops the screen). He is the hard-body, the best, the best of international hit-man. The offer is not enough. <br /> <br /> So, who is disadvantaged and non-realistic with a main character, we move the script. The first half hour is only a cinematic dead zone, which advises only to identify the lives of poor conventions: The partner walks around the phone or asks the same thing at the same time: "Do I marry him? Do I love him? What is love? ? "And it gets so much repetition, it can not even work as well as humor. The way that he always appears on the phone: A girl named Prezie (Houston), played by the daughter of a female director; Which was not the intent of the plot and he smiled and laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing to laugh, that thought to me, supposed to be funny? Can i laugh The picture seemed like a smart mafia picture, it was presented in a film with scenes of visible scenes in front of a wedding opening scene (Al the Godfather) and gangsters, police men and murderers, such as the touch of Nour. But what we found is very different, <br /> <br /> <br /> The second hour is going around a few abducting plot; Okay, love and romance are dealt with ?? Maybe the picture will be kick-start. I was very wrong: with more letters continuously speaking slowly and very deliberately, we have an office abducting scene, one of which is coming out of his office: this scene uploads the image. Everything is designed briefly and then executed on a heavy hand and stupid way that just looks it greasy. We do not see them reaching some dramatic music; Perhaps they will get through the security to get the elevator; Maybe they should be cautious when hiding in their selected place and when those random women come out of the lift and the gunfight happens? The scene is not even properly edited. Some mysteries, some plays: "Do I shoot or not?"; Will it be too quick to draw the character before it's too late? But actually how it is implemented. Honor of Prizzi is near its perfect as it continues its monotonous and uninteresting in continuous film continuous. This is a movie where cameras are reflected in Windows; Hug when the lights are reflected in the car and the 'dead' chauffeurs embrace. Priy's Honor is a jumble and filthy film that will try a filmmaker's patient and will not say that it is a ridiculous reason why I do not smile with it? This is another matter. The film is repetitive, drawn and colorless and colorless in philosophy - there is no respect here.
