Even after watching the midland offer, I still have a firm belief that the first decent film about the (teen) document should be made. I did not think most of Craft and I'm not in Sharma. I enjoyed only one or fewer films (about teen documents), Little Witches (1996) and it was not even very good. But the changes are that if you like all the default movies, you will also enjoy midnight offers. <br /> <br /> I am expecting a stupid and pinch at the beginning of the 80's about a high school teenage document. But I was rather surprised that this whole movie is rather serious. Acting is always decent and serious. No joke is being played by teens or anything. And the first musical score, I thought was quite good. It adds some discomfort and some 'classy' with frustrating violins and all the uses. But after the movie progress, I came to the conclusion that the score was very ambitious. When you easily back up a car and then move away at normal speed, they do not have to add the threatened hilkins. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Su Anderson, who was the main reason I see this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw him as a lunch offer in the same year as a slash-movie, an enjoyable, thick-designed (and on some occasions) impressive birthday. And I would say, he was very good as ice-cold bad wings Vivian. But the main issue of the movie is: almost nothing happens! Vivian is a death and an accident because, yes, but that's it. Then Robin, a good wizard, who is just learning about his power. And we expect them to use their power multiple times, but on the only occasion they use their power to fly some parts of the wood and other things through the sky. Was that supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I was hoping to see the spectacular spectacular sight of the movie, at least some special effects, blinking eyes, or whatever the movie ... but nothing happened. There is a conflict in the end, but it is a big disappointment. <br /> <br /> So, acting in two dircs was good. Musical score was moderate (although very ambitious). And cinematography was rather dark and moody at times. But that's not a good movie yet, is not it?
