There is nothing special about this story on one side of the corrupt unions and on the other hand "the main attorney". Stark stems from silent cycles but strangers and fagged photography fade out. The story could easily go out of Warner Bros. draw under the leadership of Jorge Roberts. Performance routine, Flat direction, Even set dressing perfunctory. (A motion simulated brick is displayed by a plaster wall, it has a poster, the poster says, "post bill.") We introduced the story and some letters by a clear narrator, which tells us that since most unions are strictly and honestly on behalf of their members In advance, some are corrupt. But we do not really know much about the union or how they work, even though I think they had a clear game after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years ago. Here they're just hanging over a arch tales. The real ring leader is a misconduct lawyer who manages things through three or four lip. District Attorney (or anyway) found out, such as Dana Andrews has done "Boomerang", accused of murdering the wrong person (Dick Foran), and the rest of the film is almost exhausted, Innocence digging Floral proof He can shoot fierce battles in the box and shoot the private eye of a cheap movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith D. At He has shown to show some insinuating talent somewhere else, but here he spent most of time talking quietly and staring at the floor. Elisa Cook, Jr., can not be a pretty spanking but a good drunk. The Beverly Gerland is fine but has decreased by the direction, which makes him night-time gokking in a night club. The rest of the cast will be suitable for a TV series. <br /> <br /> and no one helps by writing. When a "b-girl" is sent by the union public in the Philippines, someone advises him to only learn some Spanish words. "I only know one word," she says, "yes yes." The author can not believe the audience that "C" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is strange and it has the hole. Keith visits a witness on his plane on a night club. He entered the door and jumped back on his back, but pulled him out of heavy heavy hands. Then someone ordered to call the police. The rest of the scenes play for a while in the night club, the police forget about everything and they never appear and they do not expect them from anyone. <br /> <br /> It's nothing to be ashamed, and some people can enjoy it, but there's the same thing, well done, elsewhere.
