This adaptation, based on the novel * Heigris *, as of 1949, is based on the Henry James novel. * Olivia de Havilland's acting heroes, remains a well-respected part of this work, although it is less true in James' original story than this new reunion that holds James's original title. This is a painful, yet loving girl (Leigh) story after her mother died after giving birth to her father (Phinee). The arrogant father does not respect his daughter, and feels comfortable with her, as well as all women. When a young person (Chaplin) wishes a good family and a little fate, then the father is naturally suspicious, but he is sure that his daughter does not have any interest for a person, to be sure that the young man is a fate hunter and banned him. Leigh a controversial actress ?? Most of them love or hate ?? And she always has a special edginess and intensity in her style, she is played through gritted teeth. He did not do this bad, and he compared his role to comparatively figure ?? This is simply an undesirable role for an actress, until the audience wants to retain the character in her shoulder and her sensation does not come until until. When the character garners much sympathy, he is not particularly likable. Very handsome and very interesting Ben Chaplin (previously true about cats and dogs) * His role is to play with the real mystery necessary to guess whether the audience is after his fate or actually love him. Maggie Smith is one of the best actresses to live and, well, aunt has increased the film levels with her painting. Finnie is incredible, of course, the father threatens to disconnect his daughter for disobedience, but the girl is willing to take risk for the person she loves. But his enthusiastic spirit still wants his fate? This is just an example where * different from * Washington Square *. Another example is the power to stick with it. It is a handsome film that is tedious as the Tipping Call, it offers very short stories for a very long time in a movie.
