Edwin Porter's title of "The Great Train Rabby", a 1903 small film, was so excited to explode through a pioneering film, and excitedly burst on the screen. Critics of Melisse "Like a Trip to Moon" congratulated the film, which presented Western culture in modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. From the plan, the actual instant train, the killing of unwanted civilians, and the final scene that you understand that these villains mean business ?? It was all great for her time. From here to Eastwood, every Western filmmaker used Porter's picture in any form or the other to create his own story. No one can say that this picture could not open the door, but the struggle comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but its initial excitement outside ?? There's nothing really grapple there. Perhaps I am awakened by the modern Western and their unstable message, but how could some cliché before being cliché? To me, "The Great Train Robbery" seems to be forced, irrational, and uncertain. <br /> <br /> Contrary to Melisse, Porter tells a very linear story. The robbers change the course of the train, loot them, then shoot the random people and prove the real villains, and the final scene is like a predecessor, without any surprises or glitches, and the looming person with your gun face faces. It's soft Porter's film is boring. I saw in the version, the color was added near the end of emotion, which seemed to be cheap and was not enthusiastic to the filmmaker or viewer. It is important that this is important, but Porter's film has been borrowed time and time again, it has become effective. The story itself does not carry it once a mental powerhouse. In contrast to Melies's first movie, I can not see this again. I know what happened, I know that the scene is missing from the very small, and finally it's just set what ?? A simple story to move from dot A to point B. This problem is not only hateful to me, but the most powerful element to be seen in such an early film. Although it was neutral, it was such a strong story? That was the character of our character and the characters of the drive, were outstanding to see. In an era where nonfiction movies were mainstream, it broke the mold. Again, I'm not jumping on the prediction bandwagon about this picture ?? Is this an important film? This is not just a great movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was interested to see this film planting Western custom, but I was happy to leave this picture. . Porter is a talented director, and GM Anderson was very successful in the evidently created field, but I was not afraid of the film. I do not expect the effects of big budget like Melis's work, or I'm expecting a copy of "moon travel", but I want to see the same creativity, search and originality. I think Porter played it safe, if it could be said to be an early film, our villains could not feel excited to do their evil deeds. I was not transformed for anyone, and the final conclusion proved that the kittens were formed a few minutes after the film began. It was pioneering, but not memorable. During the movie "The Great Train Robbery", he lost his place in the capsule. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** ***** Outside
