There is no reason to take this documentary seriously and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) Those who created this documentary (including director and producer) are Serbian or Serbian sources, so the neutrality criteria failed. For example, they mentioned that the expatriate crotos (so-called "ascendant") played a large part of the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there was even the equivalent Serbian organization (Cetniks)! WW2 history for you is not familiar with Bakan: Serbian so-called "Cetniks" which was portrayed in the documentary as so kind, that they helped British paratroopers during the war. Well, it's just half the truth. They were a fascist group that collaborated with the Germans, but when Hitler started the war, the side changed. It is also ironic that they do not mention Cetnik leader Mihaazlovic in the documentary, a person responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they have mentioned a certain East Pavilik ... Hmm ... let me be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the interviews are completely unknown to me. And I have studied this war for a long time (the old British lady! He actually made his home work!) And they are not presented with the name, so they might be at least someone. They took someone from the street. Who knows <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary they discuss Kosovo and how they live there for ages, so they should be in Serbia (though they are minor). Well, when they mention the part of Serbia's dominion in Croatia (Crozina), Suddenly, Saras is portrayed as the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Fines, but people do not know the biggest city of cruciform (Nine) has great historical significance for the Croatian people. One of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Juvanemira) was defeated and hence the city has a historic value in Croatia. Serb has been around 800 years or so! But no, according to the survey, Krezina and Kosovo should be there. Is it fair? It seems to me to be the director of the double standards of morality. Also, in the documentary it says that there is no law about the minority rights of the Croatian Constitution, it is a lie because it was one of the first law enforcement laws because the Soviet minority community of Croatia was. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a fundamentalist Croatian supremo leader known as Glav. Or the Muslim fundamentalist. They accused them of being a huge cause of negative development of the war. Yes, they were fundamentalists, but if you want to talk about fundamentalists, why not mention the Serbian fundamentalist semi-military leaders as the Serbian and the Arkans? Errors are so many that I have just presented some of them, so that people can get a brief overview of the documentary. It seems that the people of this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serbian relatives would suppress them or something. There are not many documentaries that are of good quality, but the best "death of the Yugoslavia" where all the important participants of the war are interviewed (for example Milosevich, Joovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Ijtanevik, Karadjik etc) and where you explain the whole 5 hours about Yugoslavia and the collapse of war Find out. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment in this documentary where the person was disappointed that why America supported a country (Bosnia) that was connected to bin Laden during the war. Well, firstly, all the nations involved in this conflict were nationalist presidents and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly called "Muslim Croats") they had to rely on something other than nationalism, and that their single thing was their Was connected with: their religion. And they accepted help from Mujahidi because nobody else would support them. They had to fight with the 4th largest army in Europe! All that they could get needed help. Nationalism is the best way to unite people during the war. History has been shown to us.
