I feel the need to do a lot of movies (especially the plot). The element of the movie is false in trying to create Western and film eastern senses. I will give the majority of the error three errors: <br /> When Shane told the window that he will help to study China's history, I am really happy that the audience will get some information about Chinese history; But it shows that the film did not actually show Wendy actually studying Chinese history; Yet the movie shows only that she is practicing the way she remembered what she learned, which was frustrating and disappointed me. <br /> <br /> Second, which really irritated me, the characters mentioned about moon cakes, moon cakes, this moon cake and how good it is to taste. Yet they do not really mention its true significance. What they said about any relevance of the moon cake is the Garden Festival, which they do not explain or fall into. Moon Cakes - Relating to the Moon Lady, they could mention the legend. How the mythic story begins with the sun's ten suns, and each one will be moving in a rising, but once all ten sun rises and the soil gets dry with warm heat. So Divine Archer, Hou Yi, fired nine bullets of ten suns, leaving only one sun (yes, Eight nine fires were shot in the sun). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given a pill of immortality, so that ten sun could rise again, but could survive forever, but his wife Chang also stole it. After stealing, he escaped to the moon, where he lost. Then he came up with an idea and told to cut the pill in a lot of pieces so that he could spread the pill all over the world, all could give immortality. (There are a few variations in this story, but throughout my childhood, I have heard this version most of the time). I thought it would make such a description more culturally Chinese-based. <br /> <br /> The last thing I did was the last fight scene of the movie. Teachers received by monks were fighting the Terra-Kota warrior (the life-style statue of the soldiers), against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to Chinese. Terra-Kota warriors work as a past link between China and it was very western (where there must be an evil killer), the fans of the movie want to destroy that connection. Wendy could understand that there was no problem in destroying these priceless works, unless the Chinese language is full of American and Chinese knowledge. <br /> <br /> The entire movie was widespread because it seemed that all the beggars and Shane want to fight ... I mean, it has rated TVPG due to violence, which goes against Confucius's co-operation and harmony thinking. The beggars try to avoid violence and try to work things peacefully, before being resorted to violence, seems more correct. <br /> <br /> All, all or both producers, writers, or directors did not research them thoroughly and instead did a dirty and conventional job. I would suggest that they are preventing the movie from being closing or will they reproduce the movie so that it contains more accurate information; However, I would give credit to the Asian and Asian-Americans to move one stereotype to smart and quiet (2 stars).
