I understand that living in the West Plains of Weiming during the 1900s was cruel, it was probably still cruel, but was it memorable enough to be transformed into a visible "make-for-TV" movie? Also, during this period the rights of women were still raised in this nation, so to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this cruel region, and still show the reality of the era ?? Will it be good to see? Really, I do not know. I have thought of this movie for the past two days, and I'm still not saying that it was a horror movie, but I can honestly say that I have never seen it. From some Hajp styles to acting, without being the character of two combined performers, it is difficult to fully understand the heartland completely to get out of the late 70s in most of the wildest PG ratings scenes. Was it good? Was it bad? It can look and decide for yourself, but then I have enjoyed such moments here and hate it cruelly! <br /> <br /> This picture continues in my mind as a struggle because there were some interesting scenes. The scene where I was not sure what the director was doing or did he give direction, but in whatever way the whole thing started doing well. I was completely a very interesting, historical story in the story. I do not know a lot about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900's, so this picture is in my mind that the picture is captured. Very cold winter concept, there is no neighbor for miles miles and this Polaroid-Esquiera is not out of the corporate America. It was an interview and exciting timeless experience (although television) was fresh. There was a scene that was really standing in my mind, such as a cattle-branding scene, a dry assassination scene, and a tragic homestead of living on their journey, which came out with the true idea of ​​the reality of this story. Director Richard Piers has done a great job to attract Wiming's attention to the audience, but I'm not sure he came with the right players to join the scene. <br /> <br /> While I would appreciate the scenery of this movie, I thought there was a problem with the actors who probably went to the set and read their lines from the cards on the side. Rip Turn came out of his role as Clip Stewart's role, in any way, Conchita Ferrell's connection with Elinor Randall was found. There is no chemistry as both actors. They share together that their scenes are stupid and any emotions are really futile. I was stitched due to depiction of pregnancy scenario of nearly two "elderly" actors. Claude gives her approval when brave alliors have to do to find her child. This is love? Was it supposed to be love? I do not know, we saw a strong bond with powerful characters, but with Torne and Ferre, it seemed like playing just like their two actors. Other scenes that began to struggle in my mind were such that when frozen horses "hit" at the door of the food or shelter, Cliid had constant fade and growing sympathy for Elinor's girl (I did not believe it) true winter struggle, and the entire land scene The lack Land view, especially because of what Elinor was doing, needed more explanation, why he was doing it, and why Cheda married him, he built a house! If these simple facts take time to explore, then it will be made for a strong film. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will go with this feature in the middle of the road. These two strangers should have clearly found the depth of such elements as the relation of the alien and ultimate domestic goals, but they have confronted some beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenery, which, in 100 years, has changed from the huge hills to the wonderful galaxy. Although there were some bright scenery (cattle and pigs acting) in reality, I felt as if we needed more. The depth was a key element of this film lacking, which was limited by acting and shadowed by a declining story. Piercers may have a deep hole in this covered world, but instead of open loopholes and clichéd Western characters left. Ferrell carried his own, but the tornado was completely miscast. Bent to see, but will not be picked again by me. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** ***** Outside
