Joseph L. Manquiquix was not required to have a rimak. This is a thoroughly well-built film that stands well till today. However, given that modern day remac machines are currently offered complete swing; I am surprised to update the movie for modern viewers. This plot remains like the original movie and its main part is the story of a young man Milo Tindal, who is going to discuss the divorce with an elderly man, Andrew Walk, because the young man is related to him. Old man's wife From there, the cat and mouse ensues a game. Director Kenneth Brunga wanted to join the film separately and started it with its central location in a way that has largely changed from an interesting wonderfully changed home to a wonderful wonderful country. Out with safety equipment level. I'm happy that the director chose to make this change because no one wants to see a remix which copies the direct values; Plus the location is well used and always look nice. Unfortunately, in 2007, Sleeth's positive elements were over. <br /> <br /> The original movie was more than two hours, and this remix was more than just eight minutes shade. Naturally, this means that this version is less; And unfortunately the characters that it enjoys. This plot also ran and we reached very early on the first part of the story and actually we can not really understand why and why these incidents can happen. Film characters, or relationships between them, are not enough to ensure that their relationship makes sense. One of the main things that has changed about the old character is his passion; Basically he turned out to be very important which was obsessed with games once twists come to play. Here he has some types of safety images which really does not mean anything to the end. The film's Kenneth Brang allows a dedicated score to run, but the class ends. Its main uprising occurred, however, this movie is very happy with the soil itself, with a lot of ruthlessness, and mostly irrelevant. Which is the whole thing cheaper. The final line of this story was basically how it was completely different with it and it ensured that the film turned out to be a terrible conclusion. After two hours interval with the original, I realized, respected and respected both the characters presented in the film - after this hundred minutes, I hated them both. I have no respect for Branhigh to destroy the carbon copy of the original film; But this great Anthony is not a good adaptation of Shafa's play.
