Wow, the plot of this photo everywhere! This is the plot and so much that it really made my head spin !! And, as a result, none of which seems particularly reliable. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kai Francis as a housewife living in a small town. He had some experience with the local theater and has the ambition to go to Broadway. When the actor arrives in a big time town, he hopes that he can increase his career. However, her husband is worried about Schengenes - this actor is a Cad. So, the husbands burst on them and hits the actors - and the actors die! As a result, he was guilty of the first degree !!! Not ridiculous, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and need funds, Kay goes to New York. But Broadway jobs are not found, so he is forced to take a job - even Burlescope. Unable to take proper care of her young girl, she gives it to another woman to raise it. However, finally he finds a job in a real Broadway game and everything looks pink. However, acting heroine Deva hates her for some impossible reasons and forced her to leave the game. Unexpected, he makes his way to England and becomes a real star. After a few years, she returned to New York to get her baby - but the child grew up and thinks that her real mother is about to take care of her. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks he gets $ 10,000 if he can get out of jail. Another critic wrote, are these people bribe ?! How can 10,000 dollars to get him out of other ways - perhaps it will buy a helicopter so that they fly inside the prison and catch him !! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 films! And, all this happens by 45 minutes mark !!! Believe it or not, it's quite a bit. If you really care, see yourself to find out how it can be published. <br /> <br /> This is like 'writing a kitchen' - actually throwing everything and hoping that it will do all the work. Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of Mr. Francis, the film has become frustrating and unbelievable. This is a kind of movie that can not thank any 2nd rated plat. Almost some of the dozens of plots take away the elements, they drop them in a box, and then randomly select them to make a movie !! Overall, if you do not have any kind of hello made in the 1930s with Hard Francis fan or Hollywood, you can easily avoid it. Not terrible but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> The child who played Francis' daughter after returning to New York (Sail Jason) was really terrible. I think he was supposed to be ... I think.
