As a teenager, I was pretty beautiful in Big Bigfoot - I read books and followed the report. As a more vigorous adult, I've basically been left on big guys now, but I do not remember watching the weird movie while I'm single. Some of these were powerful points - mainly, two more famous Bigfoot encounters - the Episode Cinion of 1924 and the Baman incident of CD 850 related to Teddy Roosevelt and related to it, I am a little familiar with the youthful reading. The film grants that both incidents involve a Saskatche, although there are more possible explanations in both the cases, but the rebuilds are well done. The famous Patterson video has also paid tribute at the beginning of the film, and again its authenticity. At the end of the film Saskatcheck was very well and it was a very scary feeling because the Saskatchee was originally painted in shades or horrible feet behind horrible men. Unfortunately, roughly four things can be compiled for about 20 minutes, but the whole film is about one and a half more. <br /> <br /> This is a fictional story (completed in a documentary style) in a remote area in north British Columbia, suspected of the range of suspected housing. The computer targeted this area based on the visibility and - in the more beautiful scenes of the film - the computer used "eyewitness visit" to draw a saskatcheck picture just like "animals" of Patterson Video! In addition to the 20 minutes I mentioned, we basically see this adventure trip, which means that we saw many people go on a long camping trip. I have been on Camping Trip with the guys. Let me tell you - they did not qualify for a movie. Some beautiful wildlife shots (though a suspect that used in canad footage, or possibly wild animals used in wild animals) were included in the long stretch of disorder and some spectacular scenery shots, apparently it is not North British Columbia, it is Oregon National From the park <br /> <br /> I was thankful that we had never given the actual picture of Saskatcheck, so we did not have to deal with such bad makeup which was part of it. 3/10
