The spinners can be in ... I'm surprised to be honest by the high rating of this photo ... genuinely true. What I saw was a slow motion film that was not to say anything. (Note, for yourself, the platoon rating must be checked here). The film was so black and white ... Americans are good ... somebody else is evil or vain. I was convinced that it was meant to be a SAS in British troops (most of the world's most elite units would agree with me most) when they lost 3 men and the others were not US soldiers who were even elite soldiers of the battlefield holding the soil and a dog on a donkey on them Opened it Hey, remember the dead-string mind. The only good thing to say about this movie is that I brought the SSS people out when the sniper took the SAS people ... spitting from the spaceship, good noise was used ... really worked well but the rest ... the rest 10 What is the year old !! Well, I can not see the nonsense propaganda in which movie and the boy in this movie did it. <br /> <br /> ... Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... and his wife and young child can not live in the house ... he will have to sign up again to fight the folly of war! Why ... because young people need something or something apparently. Like I'm surprised by the high rating of this movie. <br /> <br /> I do not hate America, I hate the message of this movie which does not seem to be facing an illegal war (in my eyes), which is fine, because clearly there are people who think It simply messed up because of a war whatever (wanted to say something other than but censored) but Hey is on them. But the movie is black and white for me to remove ... good bad evil laziness and treat me like a child. The war is so gray and it has two (sometimes more) parties who believe in what they are fighting for. Star Wars Goodies versus some things with dark side. F 'fame In Hollywood, you really take people for the mug ... Then again 7.8 ... OK, you're right, I will not buy it. Glad I tell you all that nothing is downloading this movie. ;)
