BFG is one of the most impressive books of Rold Dahl, but this animated adaptation is not just magic. This version was quite faithful in Dahl's main story, so nobody can blame John Hammly's script. If there is an error with colorless animations, instant speed and usually lacking voice-over. It is a good idea to create this story for a happy, vibrant, fun movie. Instead, the film is frustratingly shocking, which is very tired to watch the watch. Children who are not familiar with the story must read the book! All movies will be acquired which will have to stop reading their children as 'classic'. <br /> <br /> Ian Orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Route) does not live in a friendly orphan life under cruel care. Mrs. Clonkers. One evening, he is walking on the streets of the village walking slowly. Seeing the picture shows that it reaches the window and scoops the sofa from her bed and puts it in her huge pocket before fleeing in the night. Sophie soon discovered that he had been kidnapped by a monster from the monster country, and fear he would eat him. But in her relief, she became a kind and sensitive member of her species who introduced herself as BFG (voice of David Jason). BFG refuses to eat people, instead restrict themselves to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, the giant country is populated by many other giants who feed - every night, as it happens - on poor uncertain people. Sophie and BFG have become great friends, and soon they came up with plans to destroy other giants. They together with the Queen of England (Angella Thorne's voice) took their amazing story and requested to send army and air force to fight with the giants to feed the people. Start the dangerous activity to catch bad giants before the queen agrees and can harm others. <br /> <br /> Jason tells BFG quite well (one of the few in the film), but his good work is destroyed by some poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is undoubtedly uninspired, with very little to bring the character of life. Similarly, BFG is the only character which is fantastic animated - Sofie lacks appeals, and the giants are annoyingly designed (and may be nearly obscure to each other). Even the place is uninventive; The giant country typically comes up briefly, sometimes without stones and a barbarian landing with canyons being nothing without land. The film is not fairly long in 88 minutes, but it drags badly in parts due to several order-related handling. Dahl's little funny ridicule has been satisfactorily revealed. A section of the book is related to the love of BFG's "Hijping" and the sunny sunshine. In movies, the same category is completely killed by unnecessary handling. I came to BFG excitement, fun and a lot of enjoyment, but what I found was quite the opposite! This is a failed mofussil which does not just match the eligibility of a section of books - unfortunately, it must definitely go down to avoid it.
