This 1970 hit film did not look great, but to be honest, it was not good when it was released. Despite this, it was probably a widespread popularity because the idea of ​​spooky young love should appeal to the audience through the series of TV coverage of the Vietnam War. This is a prominent Harvard hockey player Oliver Barrett IV, who meets Jenny Cavalari and falls in love, who falls in love with a discriminating music student who is proud of her working class background. The parents of her old school naturally dislike Jenny, and in a general activity of rebellion, this means that the young couple married one of those Hippie-era, exotic shows. He issued his dream job in New York, but he was unexpectedly ill and died due to his terminal illness. There is a veneer of contemporary filmmaking techniques directed by director Arthur Hiller, but none of them can hide old-artistic, fascinating stories in its main section. The inevitable ending made me particularly unpublished. <br /> <br /> Both Rayan O'Eliel and Ali McGrath grew up as Oliver and Jenny with the film, but unusedly because they can not express their depth or complexity, the characters are compulsory. At least pillow O'Brien is sincere in his weakly outdated approach, but McGrath is so tough in such behavior and it is hard to see what Oliver sees in his Zenith beyond his satirical theorem. John Marley ("The Godfather", two years before finding her decapitated rehearsals in her bed) did a good job as Jennifer's cousin Phil Fill, as Ray Millend thinks helplessly barrett Petterfamilius. The very familiar Francis Lai music has almost been parody for years. The quality of printing in DVD is good, though Hiller has only extra additional incognito commentary tracks. The most interesting bite of intensity is that of Eric Segal (on which this movie is based on) Oliver conceived as a mixture between two Harvard chambers? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who became part of the film as one of Oliver's roommates.
