Silent Night, Deadli Night 5 is the last of the series and as part 4, without the title it is not related to the first three and it is a Christmas-based horror thriller. Strange, there are some obvious things here ... Mikey Rooney plays a joke called Peto and his uncle's son Pinoy. A bell ring, someone? Now, the little boy Derek heard a rope at the door one evening and opened for him to find a gift on the door. Although he said "Open up to Christmas", he starts to open it, but his father stops him, who makes fun of him and sends him to bed, and opens the gift himself. Inside is a little red ball that proceeds to kill Santa arms and a head sprouts, and parents. Oops, maybe he can be alone enough. Of course, it happened to Derek as he saw it from the stairs, but he is not growing up to be a murderer Santa, he just stopped talking. <br /> <br /> A mysterious stranger is hidden around the neighborhood, who seems to be very interested in the toy makes Joe Petto. When Darek's mother took her to the shop to give her gifts out of panic, we saw her buying a bunch. And just what is this guy doing? Well, we are not sure but they seem to be distinguishing these toys to see how they tick their toys. He pledged to his landlord the next day by pledging to pay him cash and gave a "Larry the Larva" toy to his children, but "Larry" is certainly not a good toy, and it goes out of the car and of course the box, well, things It is not beautiful. However, whatever is happening with Joe Petto and Pino has been published, and like the old story, Pino is not a "real boy" Pino is probably more excited and naughty, because she suffers from "cannitalia" (a smooth plastic crochet), so that she can be misinterpreted. And the hidden identity of the unknown person is revealed, and even kind of has a happy ending. Hui <br /> <br /> <br /> A step by step 4, but not many. Again, Brian Urmann is involved, and Mad George screams, so some decent special effects, but this is not enough to make great. Some residues from part 4 are hanging very close, like Clint Howard and Nied Hunter, but that does not really make any difference. However, I am now seeing the whole series outside my system. Now if I could get something in my brain. 5 out 4
