Take the paroico theme and set it during the Christmas season (.. The previous entry after Christmas closed relationship) Folly snatching toy sent to kill a child (.. yet, by this, other people are accidentally damaged in this way) Perhaps a toy maker By "son". Mad George Keller was responsible for the toys. (A larva enters the victim's mouth and exposes his eyes, on the other hand, after the soldiers are actually frightened by the hand toys of his boyfriend, actually a bullet fired a real bullet.) A remote control. The small target was a silent boy named Derek (William Thorny), who was killed by a red ball in a step-by-step, who landed him in a fireplace pocket as a trap in his face. Mother Sarah expressed her concern about the emotional state of her mother, determining her unwillingness to open a gift, or talking more importantly, arising from the horrific assassination of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracey Frym), afraid of the safety of his son, and reluctant, told his ex-girlfriend Sarah that local Tomomi, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for placing toys in a way to harm children. In the death of a single child, when his wife dies in a car accident..that is a charge of revenge saying that if she has no son, others should not. Still heavy drinker (often seen around Jack), PETO has kept his feelings toward the children, but he is not bothered by his uncle's son Pino (Brian Bremer) and Derek. Why? You must understand soon <br /> <br /> is very frustrating, special effects and rather stupid. Rooney's name adds an attraction to the film, it achieves a prejudice, but its history can only help so much. Interesting lead actresses Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Frym, who re-enters her life, is not so bad, but it is difficult to take the crippled development seriously. I guess this idea, but there is no reason that Ronnie has such a movie ... he has no room to bring any person to someone else's anger and frustration. Anger against Pino, when the wine is not wasted. Bremer is just curious and like "Robotics" Pino, Sarah wanted to be like her uncle. The practical effects used in attacking the victims are rather uncomfortable. Made in the work of Mad George with Savage Steve Holland, this film is much more effective than what we see. The sex that is spoken about is not undesirable because many believe. (I can not even remember any nudity). Perhaps most of the signals are the best green enlightenment, but this is not exactly an authorization. I am sure in writing on paper, it was an entertaining idea, Pinocchi spoofing concept using horror elements, but the result did not completely blow you off.
