OK, okay, it can be difficult to keep a complete life of a man in a film. Traditionally, biopsics focuses on one or two vital parts of life. Now, Byron "Beat Your Week in My Week" is a colleague who makes the representational parts even more difficult. In addition, such outsiders are inseparable from his life, and human life should be fully seen. Removing parts is not just showing the whole picture, it shows a completely different image. Now, my review comes down: By Way, Byron, in fact, "Hit Your Beat Your Week" prototype, a man who was so animated that he spent most of his life for 15 years or more in active years. Did more than that. True, he was frustrated and was victim of the time and the social setting he had lived in - but ultimately, this father is considered a prototype whose life we ​​want to lead everyone, do not we? Well, I do not want to live life illustrated in this movie at any given moment. So it gets 3. Not so badly done (which, according to the direction, it was less or less), but more importantly completely missing the point in a flat plot. <br /> <br /> Some details. Well, to make things easier, Bayern Bio should have two separate episodes: 1. The first European tour of the post: The emergence of England and its fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad Now, the important thing is that the second part should be at least as important as the first. It was not just too much, but Bayern's most important changes took place. Moreover, where he created his best work (Don Juan, the perspective of trial etc) - all the stuff that made him truly unique in English literature. Instead, in this movie, (a) Byron's life does not come as far away as entertainment, (b) it gets worse * after leaving England. They did two good things: First of all, they started their return to Europe (though the actual trips were welcomed as a few more suggestions), secondly, they chose an angle and they chose her cruel love for Augusta. (Rather than completely cast). They never leave the issue about this last thing. True, Byron was firmly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but reflected his letters, especially he was a mood swing person, that does not mean that at other times he could not have fully enjoyed life. <<br /> Anyway, however, the first part of the TV ended with leaving England. There is no doubt about that. The thing: Once upon a time, the rebellion began (with the infamous Geneva era), but Byron in Italy, for his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy), Already Venice, and discovered a new life for himself. Contato Teresa discovered Guccioli and left Renna (later, on Shelley's request, with Teresa, Pisa). In other words, he * was released *. His mind and life were opened (and not only in an unseen sense), as well as the fall of the Victorian era in the gravitational piece. True, freedom was Augusta-low, but this bitter sweet freedom is cutting the freak in this picture. <br /> <br /> I said, Hell, Byron never thought of his poems, finally he found his voice in Don Juan! Along with poetic and romantic development, Shelley's relationship (and down-break) should have been documented more. Also, he was involved in politics and revolutionary ideas in Italy in Renegne. It is important, because it shows that the growing romantic and finally the escapist language and child harold man Don Juan are changing between language and the person's more realistic and lighter passion. Life and work are one. Truth is still a little naive, but what did he get in Greece? And the whole thing came in Pisa's entire circle, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit sparked further spark. Missalongi was not bored snob looking for some actions suddenly. It was insightful in Italy (Gaamas) that he was active. It can be a symbol that the man is looking for some ancient style war tensions, the rest of Europe have stabilized on the ground for modern reasons and conservatism. But it was not right, it was a real inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron Dawn Juan wrote a huge amount. Verily, her end is a little sad, but she is not too bad. The subject of the life of Byron: He may have some strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but each time he is able to rethink himself in real life. At the end of his life he did not mean 'low' - no, he did physical and mental journey, at the time, some people were ready to make. <br /> <br />. Why is the second phase of Bairon's life neglected? Because there was less spontaneous conflict, because the man was finally coming to himself? Frustrating England, focusing on trapping our attention in years, we do not think ourselves much better than the English nobility, which, like Bayern was so despondent, and despite the fact that he had no choice, he escaped in 1816; The liberal was to find a world so that he could make the first romantic PlainPoken language poet and a self Hsphurta graduation grown from a passionate man, for any reason, be allowed to continue forward.
