I think that this show can add something as well. Batman TAS may be the worst thing that ever happened to cartoons on comic books because it would be compared to what it used to be, and some have not been measured yet. It's very good too. Was Batman good? "Yes, but it was no TAS." Justice League good? "It's not too bad, but it's not a TAS." <br /> <br /> Batman must of course not be a TSS, but I can not stand against it. This is unfair and it has other problems with it. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​war criminals is small, less experienced Batman, and sometimes the industry is very beautiful. But the rest of the time, the industry is worthless to America, and it believes most of the errors in sleeping. It is paced, written, and designed like a Americanime. If I want to see Jackie Chan Adventures, I would like to see Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could just get cold and the same effect in a wall of my head. To fight against the Joker Batman, his wit, unpredictable, and clever gadget use a trauma, mentally unstable shoe If he is forced to fight from the hand, he will enjoy something cheaper or meet perfectly. He is not meant to be a monkey with those dreadlocks who know Kung-Phu and can jump into the twenty feet in the air along the speed line. If they wanted to do this with a villain, then there were other less important characters used or * gasp * they could create a whole new one. And it's not a bad thing to rebuild it, do not get me wrong. TAS (I'll go there again) from your ideal Icecream-Weighing B revolution. Took the fridge and made him a memorable and morally complex character. Of course the refrigerator was not a classic villain at the time and they performed an upgrade, but the point stands. What Batman does, you accept whatever you like about Batman Comics and Lowers, and take a big, smelly dump on them. Guess what They were eating meat. It is clear that this event can not stand against TAS, but it is standing on its own feet and it still does not work for me. Plots are not good and they do not develop any good. They were written for population of children under 12 years old. Should children be able to enjoy a show? Of course they should. By swearing, with nudity and vicious violence, it should not be an adult show. But the sign of a really good show can be enjoyed by different ages by all ages. This event missed the mark. <br /> <br /> What is this TAS showing? Not certainly not. The problem is not even a JLU.
