Just once, I want to see a version of Bauful, where it is displayed that the screenlists have at least an intimate contact with original poetry. However, after seeing this Sci Fi presentation, I was frustrated. <br /> <br /> I do not advise writing to understand and analyze poetry in old English, but I want to at least try to read translations in modern English and try to create a story based on it. Actually transpires. The story is exciting enough; Why add material to that entity that destroys and destroys the plot? Is the text wrong with being faithful? <br /> <br /> Why is introducing some super-crosswas that are unbelievable and probably not existed in this period (properly guided by the previous critics)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf versus Grendel. That's it. No one else participated in the war. The only way Bauful can defeat him, especially to make the giant busy without any weapon, has been mistaken by all the previous challengers. Yet, in this version, Danes and Guitas fight with animals and with the sword of Bovolfe, the grenadail's arm is hacked! Again, why could they be portrayed really happened? Personally, I think the one-match match between the two will be even more exciting. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a betrayal of the true story and unrealistic imagery. Why did Harrodinger and Gradell join the contract with the mother who included the sacrifice? Why do you add extra characters like Finn, nothing adds to the story? Poem was no love story. They could not even establish scenes in the proper position (there is no forest behind a swim and no rope below the lake). They fail to denounce the allegation of the lair symbol of the Grand ?? It is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why is the epic poem centered around the emblem of symbolism? Even last year my high school students were able to work very well after creating a small film based on Baufful, because they focused on the themes and symbolism in the story. If Hollywood can create a film based on this material and remain committed to the plot, it will be a really great movie.
