As La Sanjisuga Concepcion La Danza, or The Blaster's Dance Leds of the Dance, I believe that this is a common English title, set in Ireland in 1902, where the mysterious countdown Richard Maranak (Giacomo Rossi-Stewart) is invited soon. Kazi's theater actress Evelyn (Patricia Welle Patrizia de Rousseau) and three other fellow actresses came out of friend Cora (Krisia Neale), Penny (Lydia Olive) and Rosalind (Marzia Daman's Catarina Chiangi). Its fort is located on a small island just off the coast. The first Evelyn is reluctant but it is persuaded when Samuel on the stage (Leo Valeriano) is well agreed as well. Once Count Marcak told his guests that both his grandfather and grandmother had cut off their cheating wives by using their cheating knife, and when it was seen that Evelyn looked exactly like this, the wife of the current county does not look like the same long ago ... thinking about the strange servants Besides, some people want to use a knife to cut off some heads <br /> <br /> <br /> This is Italy Alfredo, who wrote and directed the production from the end of Rizzo & full, complete and is nasty shit. The first thing is to first start the critique of the first blossom Leeds of the Dans title, letting it test the title because when I feel a little cheating that there is no vampire or blood form, no one can take it anyway. Any time and of course there is no dance or dance so there is no hope of this thing. Although what you hope for, what you hope for is a tedious, unimaginable, uninterrupted 'ghazal' that takes one hour to be killed and any kind of murder mystery begins to begin, the first hours of La Sanguisuga connos la Danza are as plots and there are some As uninteresting. The best way to imagine is to think of the most annoying soft-core porn movie that you've ever seen, then mostly cut off soft-core porn and it just dropped a tiny bit of bad actor, bad dubbing, bad conversation, soft-core sex & lesbianism & Absolutely nothing else Yes, it's really bad that. The mystery elements are frustrating, people do not act unreasonably for any reason, and the extra complex 'twist' is just like the rest of the rest, six sensation (1999) is not it! <br /> <br /> <br /> Director Rojji did a good job and La Sanjisaga Conduos la Danza is really a beautiful look and its feeling despite its low budget, that means I have a scene where she shows a storm outside the accident , But the stock footage is used in black! So whenever the storm hits and the color comes back again, the image becomes shiny and black! A complete sunny scene where a maid and her friend discuss their breasts and feel their friends with them, who are then full of praise, this scene is so funny and so unattractive that it is infinitely easy and easily even the best moments of movies even if bad 70's Speech will be embarrassed! Have less nudity and sex / lesbian scene too joke. <br /> <br /> Technically, films are quite good, timing settings and production design are actually quite impressive, but do not forget about any blood or gore. Work effectively enough. The film has a nice feeling of color and cinematography fine. The image has been dubbed, it is difficult to make an overview of actual performance, but voice actors are terrible and the conversation is worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sungyška Consula la Danza is a terrible movie, in any sense, it does not have any story for about an hour, it is probably the most confusing title ever and a confused stupid 'wrapping' is really stupid with the end Annoying As far as the fans of the euro dawn have a better film than that, please do not waste your time, it is one of the few to avoid for anyone. Trivia Note: The infamous (and banned in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror movie SS Last Days (1977) is directed by the Single SS Hail Camp and The Best In Heat, directed by Louis Beatzellar and has a fairly significant role to play in the La Sanguisuga Police Intelligence La Danza Conduce
