Now like a hit movie event, with the increasing popularity of the Icon Godzilla series now, there is a crowd of people inevitably trying to monetize for the success of Big LeJard. Ghadzhila came with the rising popularity of Kaizu (demon monster) style. Many are looking after success; Few achieve it Not only in some profits, but popular gamers were a giant turtle that could fire and fly fire from the socket on his carrier as a way of jet propulsion. But in contrast to Godijill, gamer was sold as a friend of all children, afterwards fighting with other monsters to save the men's danger, and thus gamara became very popular among the kid. Unfortunately, this is the only audience of original viewers who will appeal to the original gamma series. The new Gamera movie, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, is remarkable, revolutionary giant movie, original series including original, is something special, something special. <br /> <br /> The first Japanese movie, titled "demon giant Gamera" in Japan clearly wants to make a Godzilla. Although the film was produced in the colorful era era, it was shot in black and white. Why? Imagine the first Godzilla movie since 1950. Gamera also attacked Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I do not know a lot about the American version, I was familiar with the American version, where the scenes were spent, and new footage was inserted with American actors (this was the first thing that happened with the first film in Guadalajara?) Whether this film is added or taken away now I can not tell. But "gamra the ingenious" is not really anything more than a scholar who is just like a big turtle. <br /> <br /> "Gamma The Engineer" is a very routine-based movie. Character from a stock of science-fantasy values, the story is unconscious, there is no real motive for attacking civilization, acting funny, and much more. The only thing to separate it from the Godzilla series is the end of the film, but it is also a disappointing and ridiculous idea to stop the anger of Gamar. Now the rest of the film and many other entries in this movie have also been adapted, but it is a horrific stodgy monster film. <br /> <br /> And although Lucky Conako will later transform Gamma into an attractive brain with its triangle. In the 1990s, in the original series, the gamers did not have attractive screen appearances. He was not fearful nor sympathetic. She just waddles almost like a kids, swwaying with each step, and knocks small sets on. Naturally, everyone wants to destroy the gamer in addition to a little child (Jessio Uchida, who played a 'central' role while leaving Crazy), who thinks Gamma is a beautiful turtle. <br /> <br /> A section of the "gamra the ingenious" section is an easy target for criticism and it is a matter of extra pressure. Even in other companies of Godzilla-Immitator, this Gamera movie is not particularly well known. And as far as my movie goes, the rest of the series is in the movie as boring or bad. Like Godzilla, draws pictures of gamma color and will fight with the monsters. And like Godzilla, they get cheaper and cheaper with each movie until the series is resurrected and severe. <br /> <br /> This is awesome. Usually I suggest people to keep up with the roots and pass them in remakes. But in the case of Gamar, my verdict is just the opposite. I'm strongly encouraged to avoid the original series until the 1990's Grama Trilogy is directed by Suzuka Kaneko and is not interested. New films are innovative, orderly, exciting and, above all, fun. A long stream of original series annoyance.
