Leo Tolstoy's last month began with The Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's melody, fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) Yasnya Polyana resides with her family in a compound, walks and writes, and sees her "movement" by his wife and followers, dedicating ones to the ideas of peace, vegetarianism, sexual violence and communalism. The property has gathered in a forest camp who is far away. His wife Sofia (Helen Mirren) fought openly with the mouth of her movement chief Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who demanded that Tolstoy to sign her firm beliefs on signing the rights to her work on the Russian people, that she is attempting to steal wealth, her husband's upcoming death On her is owed. All these observers are Tolstoy's newest steward, Bulkakov (James McAay), a naive follower, who has burst into anxiety for his love and his wife. <br /> <br /> Huffman's text is based on the novel. J. Parini often lapses into confused areas, causing complex complications of threads and unusual motions, which ultimately do not solve itself in a satisfactory way. The film is a grand feature, and its story should be reviewed like Tolstoy, whose beliefs are predicted both in Bolshevik and Fragrant-like peacekeepers. Unfortunately it is not, it is illogical, building with many gusto contrasts that continually ravelling in grossness. For example, the three-way relationship between church, trusted sophia and unbelieving Tolstoy is mentioned. Even a neutral pastor can be seen in a superb hat in the very end of the movie, but the script does not extend it even after adding it to the story in an effort to enrich it or to enrich some of historical accuracy. The film has a ton detail, but most of them are not given enough attention, and as a result, the film seems tired, overburdened, energetic, but unfortunately unattractive. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The love story of Sofia and Tolstoy, and the story, as fierce and trembling, is similar to the movie. Mirren and the Plummer, unusually, the best thing to do in the picture. Plummer's Tolstoy is unclear and firm, scary and blurry with joy and conviction. Miran's whole penny of Mikeen, a godly pastor who is expected to roam around and mute, her husband gives her money, property and her money, who are certainly dedicated to her but clearly to their own agendas, give them money. . They have shown great differences in great performance, the real importance of the couple's place in the history, and the ability to support, both Sofia and Tolstoy are floating in this movie of MEREN and Plummer, both of which are good they can do out there. Both talented actors Jiyamati and MacAye can not do the same thing, and Giyamatti Cherkov is also a revolutionary and thief (and not both simultaneously), but rather a stand-in for the full package of cipher, anxious concerns and canceled historic impulses. Never miss the chance of this thing, it depends on the power of Plummer and Mirren, and without doing much more. It's interesting and pretty, but finally unrewarding. 4.5 / 10
