This incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, every 25 minutes) is a 14-year-old boy (and her two girls' classmates) who pilots a giant robot to protect Japan against the attacks of people called Angels. Angels have given very little explanation or why their numbers are rising in recent times, and they do not seem to pop out somewhere for any reason (why not attack them together instead of the convenient interval, why are you trying to destroy?). Robots fight scenes try to prevent various types of obstacles, but the action itself is brutally brutally and annoying to rotate. Almost every episode seems like a waste that does not matter. <br /> <br /> Someone who may be confused by fans who mention here (very few) symbolic references, but these are - the shallow one-liner is randomly tossed with zero tech that is religious or philosophical concept. The series is incredibly exhausting due to the exhausting characters, who are not really anything more than real pitying crybabies. Psychology is frustrating, such as "I hate my father" with a helpless simple conflict of their face becomes irritated again and again without any progress. These characters associate these series with this time from the loss of damage to the loss of damage from the loss of damage to their stunning, agitated psychologists (which is completely meaningless) in the final episodes. <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that the series has worsened and it's been kind of progressing. Every day I sat on the table in my living room and saw the DVD set and told myself, "Well, I have to see the next episode." (Laughter) I can slug through another one tonight. The actual kicker was that episodes were only 25 minutes long, but they were able to digress into a completely unintended borefest in the first 10 minutes. It's coming from a person who will sit happily with the 150-minute film with Heimsail Pacing, so my criticism of this series is actually the most deadly. <br /> <br /> I have never despised the series to see the series "Evangelion." I have already purchased it on IMDB's imaginative comments and after spending my hard work, I'm not going to collect it dust. Are followed 10 hours pure, unmitigated torture. After this highly acclaimed catastrophe, my love / hate relationship is turning towards hate / love relations. <br /> <br /> "Evangelism" should not be presented in an anime - Lots of dust, provocative triangle cute movies. The universal compliment for this piece of shit is easily incredible; And the ridiculous statement of fans that this series is "one of the greatest achievements of mankind", probably the most foolish comment I ever heard in IMDB - and I saw some doozies.
