My wife sometimes watches it because I occasionally see some of these shows. I try to enjoy it for its basic concept, which helps a needy family, but there are several reasons for me to be found. Each episode follows the same layout where many parts are fully scripted (which they are) and tears flow in tears suddenly. Attempting to manipulate visitors with emotional breakdown and sad music mix is ​​a real close closure for me. It is also annoying that anyone who donates something at home, either Sier or anyone, has to plug themselves in to be generous. Probably the biggest problem to me is that a small army of workers and workers should join together to build on the top house for the single family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in Disney / ABC bucket, but how much can they do for the amount of people they keep in the house? Instead of crying in a family and why not cry during this episode, do not help 10 families and show highlights? Is not the life hard enough for average people? Why do I need help to help me find sadness, why not show some inspiration without being manipulated? I know what is being done for these families is good, but they are also used for their ratings. You can not tell me that they are sometimes not having to cry. I think when I go to a house in this house and see that the hardest working people in the United States can not afford for their children, but it bothers me. I can not help but think about what can be done with a small part of Disney's meaning. Why does not every person in the family afford flat-screen TVs and personal fountains that shoots you out of water and ceilings, why not afford more people food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know that we can have fun and have a good tone. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I do not think anyone can actually spend how much money he has to give them. Yes his recent reality show has done well, but when he gave $ 30,000 to defeat the competitor, I'm sitting here ... It's been a lot for many years, year's salary for many people ... if they are lucky. Do not start me playing the game. So I realize that the home version of the extreme change is "doing good", but forgive me if I see myself as more of a service than giving myself. Is there any similarity to that like that?
