This movie is not all about football. It is about Jesus / God !! It's the same kind of naughty religious religious drill you get from those who wrestle for Jesus, or the iron pumps for Jesus who is innocent. Yes, Jesus was completely bad, liked communication games and was clearly the owner of the whole set of silly bells. DUHHH! The title of this movie is "Hiking for Jesus", or in general, people should know that the real intention of this movie is to convert people into Christianity and look for those whose brains are thoroughly washed thoroughly. In the blood of the Lamb When the head coach read the Bible and asked Jesus for help, the title obtained from the Bible was cleared. The latest sports movie "Ingenible" was 100 times more inspirational than this, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was a person's will and determination with only one dream. <br /> <br /> Any widespread appeal as an inspirational sports movie has finally disappeared through the wonderful Bible touch and religious campaign. If you accept Jesus as your personal Savior, only the only way that you can succeed and gain a positive outcome is the only message. But it is not simply true, and is believed to be lying so that those who believe that it is true and everyone else wants to believe in it. Thanks to Jesus when the victorious athlete comes directly to the image of Jesus. What did he do when he lost? Does he curse Jesus? Of course not! Not responsible when he lost to Jesus. Only Jesus is responsible when he wins. And the logic goes round and round and round, and it is exactly where true believers need it to be, in the end !! When the scene came with the receipt of receiving a new brand with the coach I had hit the break while I could stop rolling over the floor to laughing my ass and catching my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I think it is weird that the so-called "Christians" seem to forget or ignore this message from their "Savior", especially when I see a Jesus Fish behind a huge gas SUV that passes me but I'm still standing . Another message this movie refers to that Jesus clearly thinks more about the record of the medieval high school football team, which he has done about millions of hungry children. The final scene where the unsafe and uncertain kicker boots the target of a 51 yard field and it is incredibly unbelievably miraculous, this turkey spoon pushes me with a religious red flag. I only gave three stars because people playing black coaches could actually work.
