I have been scolded and scorned by fellow Christians for describing my disappointments with this movie. I feel embarrassed by such statements: "I can not believe that you do not like it! It was made entirely by Christians!" "Everyone has given their time and no one has paid for the film, it was made in a church and not Hollywood, we should spend our money on such movies, they used to use 100,000 dollars for making movies." "It's a real church and a school in Georgia! A preacher has written and directed it." So apparently, the reason for my love for this movie was made easily, and the minimum meaning was used to create it and it was made by Christians. I love what I need to love the film <br /> <br /> Look, I got the movie before I knew about the movie background. I never heard of it and had no idea other than football - what was it? I saw no other movie and I saw it was frustrating. I was lousy editable and lame script was frustrating. I was very disappointed in the resolution after Climax. Do not worry. Other cheaper cinemas and other express-made movies have earned less honor than me. It's not about making movies. It's the last product. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God does not say "yes" for what he wants, but he wanted to believe that God changed our lives. That's the truth. However, God can change our lives and we are still brutal. God can change our lives and we do not raise one from our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old junkie. God can change our lives and our house is still stinky. Why is he portraying that movie? Others expressed their concern to the writer / director about this, but apparently, he was defensive. <br /> <br /> I was not terribly frightened and did not think of a lot of landscape shots. I like the idea of ​​going to God and acknowledging his extraordinary power and our weaknesses. <br /> <br /> Writing and direction were very weak. Differences between it are easy because many characters have no development. We do not really get pregnant from the coach's wife (well, until the end of the movie). It looks like there was a ball player with an interesting character and it was spent in bits "I have an insistent father and I can not play football well, but I want to win even though I never kicked a real-time goal." Another problem was in the Christian school itself. Um, I worked for two Christian schools, went to me, and had many brothers and nephews in other Christian schools. All in all, I've had quite a beautiful connection with about ten different ones. None of the problems I saw in these schools were resolved. I have watched their movie closely in this school and they showed the human factor. It is a level of reality and it is beautiful to see how God can work. <br /> <br /> I would say that every act - writing or drawing or playing with the instrument - shares the artist's world view. In the global scene shown to me in this movie "People who are properly conquered to win the game, get new cars, when they can not imagine, can grow, and correct their homes - all span in a short time." I know. The sincerity of people who made it I should simply love the movie. I think the film should be loved because it is well done and not for any other reason.
