I saw this picture of the youth party, where otherwise the intelligent young leader and his wife imposed on him. Then some adult couple of the Christmas party related to the church confused themselves with a copy of this movie for giving a copy to every single family, and now my family is stuck with this movie (though it is still shrinking). I cried on these sad events, and why here: First off: this movie has a good purpose, especially if you are a Christian like me. This movie is trying to show that you believe in God and it will make your life better. Not so bad, is not it? Hey This could be a problem - a big one. This movie was made by a church, so certainly every single issue has been dealt with tastefully for the Christians as much as possible. It's all black and white, no gray areas. This grace of God and an anticipated thing in this film, and it comes immediately to those who bid them. <br /> <br /> I do not know this god. This Christian life is not familiar with I I believe that God is a strong and faithful God, but He is not one of the grants to each of us. I follow it as soon as possible, though it is often difficult; Yet the football team of this movie finds their humility and self-control that it is much easier than anyone to find. In some structural film scenes, I can not really relate to the bad side of the cardboard cutouts flawed. And when I follow the commands of the Bible as I follow, I must not blame myself like these letters. The biggest of my instant rewards is that I did the right thing; Take the example of this movie set: Green Tealer Shiloh Christian School coach at the school, which lost in 6 rows. He lost his job on her, and she and her wife are less as money. They like a baby, but the doctor tells him that he is sterilized. Oh, and his car does not work. And the boys of his football team are respectful to their parents, after the loss of millions of their people and the field goals are bad to beat. <br /> <br /> <br /> Wait, Grant Taylor has decided that he will rely on Allah in everything! And he passed on his faith in his party. So far everything is right. Not too far They start to observe, Pour blessing on them literally. Suddenly the students insulted their parents. The school has a big "enthusiasm"; The team starts to win each game; Even they win the grand championship against the most difficult group in the league! Coach Taylor's work is assured; The school presents him as a shiny new truck (which, by the way, shallow, fair weather employers epitome); He gets a raising; His wife (get this) even gets pregnant from her sterilized sperm! And that skinny kid really importantly handles the stick to target his first darn field when !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praising the Lord, etc, etc !!! <br /> <br /> Just YIPE Someone in my church has sometimes experienced Christ in such a cut and dry manner. Yes, a lot of miracles have been done in my family, as well as gifts and livestock, and I am grateful to them for the grace and kindness of God. But God does not tap anything that is going on and off being good or bad! She is bigger by a mystery; His gift comes unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really do. This is a long, hard work street slogan, and the way you think things will never start. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But due to its maximum shallowniness and total escapism, it is a tank of only 1/10. Bad acting and sports movie clicks make this movie unknowingly that leprosy is just beside leopards that seem to be mere pimples. <br /> <br /> Your future churches are planning to create a movie: Do not be afraid to show REAL life, you must add some inconvenient truths in the mix. But this cotton candy treatment has a lot of civilian population, no one has learned enough from it. Give us the flesh, the bones, the real thing! True life applies to everyone, not just Christians, and this is one aspect of "face-to-face" that has not been guided to realize.
