This movie was so bad that I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for the Hororfist that year, which was also present in the first year at the Harfraster, and I would have to call him a hero and his films would take a completely new level of false advertising. Mad Quds to advertisers because I'm sure they used to spend money and many people cheated on those films that year. Hamilton was easily one of my worst (I saw that others were superstitious, dark rides and resurrected). The cover and trailer of the film, it seems to be a family of cannibalism that makes the neighborhood a terrorist, which I thought was an interesting plot, it just frustrated at the end, it discovered that some 'age is coming' about the transformation of the boy's vampire That's why the drama prevents any ideas awful in this movie. And to make the plot more ridiculous, they add a set of horny pairs, who can not wait to 'bite' from each other and are locked on the foundation of some deadly creatures, which, if I know what it reveals secret information at the end of the film Not done, I'll leave half the theater in the movie. <br /> <br /> Full waste of money and time. Cut 40 minutes from this movie and make it into a showcase of some showcase or skinned or supermodel, and it is more appreciated. Absolute trash! Two years later it is so bad that I will come back to IMDB and write a review about it because it is still standing in my memory as one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Also, when you're reading this, then run away from other horror movies in the future. You can rent from Blockbusters or you can watch it online anytime. Horrorfest highlights films from independent filmmakers, who take it on the big screen, and do not mention all the cones about 'not showing you in the theater', they do not mention blood or hats or horrors ... they themselves mention movies. Because they are awesome. Hornford's idea is, as a less famous version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror films. Sorry to 'hate' all, but think of the next time cheating the money from your money.
