Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Fi-Light" It is set in Hawaii, an action / adventure crime drama, many scenes of boat and date palms and polyester cloths and girl shirts ... It is a supporting role in character actor "Zulu" even the star. Oh, there are some small differences - Roy Thins is considered to be some front-line secret agents and the supporting cast is very small (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Fi-O" (other QM products) already existed and was going on for years. It satisfies the market demand for a substantial amount of Hawaii-based crime drama. Code Name: The Diamond Head may last as the highest of the H50 as the old series has finally gone away ... but it comes as an extra, second-rate copy. It does not suck, but it does not fully work as derivative and original. <br /> <br /> There are some acting skills involved here. Thins is an old pro, and she gives her best shot in the role, and she's not bad. But Thins is its components and its director as well as well. Ian McKenna is an evil spy master named "Tree", and Maxen is among the most interesting actors in any of the scenes. But he is fonding his part here. Francis Ngyuen is looking for reasonably exotic, but his wonderful skinniness, unusual features, thick pronunciation and wooden delivery which are not made in dreams. Based on the 'romantic interest supply' for Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake in the series. Mashaa Brady and Peggy Lee as goddess of our lover for a series of at least white audience targets. With the Dialog / Voice Coach, he has 30 more LBS and one year, and he can cut it. Julu, well, is enjoyable in his normal self-bit part, but he is not a person who can not afford a feature by himself. In addition to <br /> <br />, the plot and dialog are nothing to separate from other quin-martin production. And at the moment, American TV viewers watched many curiosity of Quime Productions .... I think "CN: DH" was too much and it sank without any trace. This was not really the fault of the actors, and I hope they went away with a decent salary and a further entry into their CVs. <br /> <br /> MST 3000 has revitalized it for their treatment in the sixth season, and they had a lot of fun with it. Enjoying the movie Japri and Lampun's MSST system, it is valuable to find that version, but I can not imagine to care for this pilot for any other reason.
