"Metaphorophosis" contains a small bit of value, because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian block is less or less the number of male sludge figures, at the end of the 70s, or at the end of the 80's, most of the randidos played in Joe Di Amato. Would not it be interesting for the only movie owned by the only movie for euro-Western buyers, who is always the "Living Dead of the Living Dead" who runs around? I was thinking so Now, in contrast to the film he played, Eastman's own "Metapharmosis" is disappointing in the Gore and Sleaz sections. The display has a number of scenes of painful murders, hunger giant effects and nude women organizations (guest appearance of Sledge-Queen Laura James!), But it is essentially a dialogue film. In the Human DNA codes, the scientific disciplines with the curiosity interesting and ruthless. When Hussmann suddenly got threatened to cancel his fund from the university he worked on. He developed a theory to decode junk and to block the human aging process, but soon no detailed report comes out, his research will stop. So it is Hussein will do any intelligent scientist and inject his unwanted serum into his body. There is no need to say (and can be understood as the title), he has gradually become a murderer genie, which is very fast! In other words, its research sucked! Like other critics already reviewed, this movie "borrows" many ideas from David Crane's "fly" ?? The dramatic romance includes sub-plot - but does not add any originality to its own. The big difference is that you feel connected to Jeff Goldlum's character in "The Fly", but Dr. Houssman will become the only other giant to destroy as soon as possible. The rapid-growth-syndrome outlook reminds me of the underlying gaolos of Raggero Diodato, "The feeling of death", only the hero of that movie is inherited and does not apply it on himself. Career physical degradation is very similar to both films. Here are some fears or excitement for discovering, instead of filming poor performance, poor lighting, utterly abusive edits and loads of fully clamped clippers to boot. Feel free to skip this one.
