(Note only minor spoilers except) <br /> <br /> I recently enjoyed many Spanish movies; People like both Almodôvar were in the horror film of the real Spanish movie, and Dale Toro, whose superb "Devil's backbone", director of Latin American films, set in the Civil War set in Spain, was a terrible film in the last decade. However, it is no surprise that this movie is well-prepared, well-played and maintains the Spanish environment individually. But it can also be seen as a nasty and pointless movie, since no one can see it. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all these? Despite the fact that a huge amount of our imagined voice-overwave is drawn directly from its own narcissistic journal, the strange central character for the arrival of our assassination on the void is what we have no real idea of. In a regular unpleasant opening sequence, more than a decade ago, we see central character jealousy and control-freakery ("If I can not have anything, someone can not.") An assassin killed his girlfriend. Surprisingly enough, this is probably one of the best sequences of film, but there is no clear relationship with the subsequent killings, which are completely different in motivation and execution. What was the change in prison imprisonment? We have no idea, after discovering how we dislike an absurd one, though, that after obtaining a law degree that he is imprisoned. <br /> <br /> In the case of Britain, our infamous "serial killer" or "sex killer", a terrible question arises; What about a wife Does he know, or suspect what is happening? This is a question that could have asked this movie, and in fact the woman began to appear as one of the more shiny characters. But barbarously, the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, he did not". Even when it is presented in a dramatic scope like this, the film is still operated in the Bay of Bengal. All we actually get, sketched perfunctorily at the end, preparing his little immortal cash on income after the incident. Compare to the momentum of the great revival in Ten Reelton Place, where Christie's wife says "Do you know what I mean?". In this way, he seals his fortune and gives us a strange glimpse into the unexpected chases of secret knowledge and fear. <br /> <br /> (Major spoiler in this paragraph). In the meantime, we believe that the killer is supposed to be safe in the corner of a psychiatric hospital incarcerations before he can be killed again so that a criminal mastermind releases the result of the police outwits in the forefront. How exactly he achieved this? The plot gets highly sketchy at this time; Will have to do something deliberately with the specific formula for the police; But how does all this work or why, or the next court, how it actually earns the case, the mystery remains. <br /> <br /> I do not believe the serial killers are like that. Silence of the Lambs can be a comic book element, but ?? Aside from the letter ?? It gets its serial killer's right. They are deeply disturbed, deeply effective, deeply inadequate; Not a creepily charming present here is a mockery that has not been noticed although it seems related to the mastermind (closely related to the ghostly horror movie, or indeed the dog's equally unimaginable gentleman's killer bite). <br /> <br /> This film has some mysteries and plans a little how it can be generated. This is not something useful about the purpose of the serial killers, which is usually useful, or about the purpose of Spain's particular cultural milion. It is nothing but a bad planned excuse to show some complimentary violence to women. And weird, that makes the violence even more repulsive how it is presented even in a specific prissy failure of the nerves. The soft-core character of what is actually shown is that it seems to be more repellently titillatory. Only one clear shot, properly finished, would have been infinitely more shocking, and all the rest would have been completely rendered unnecessary, more free time during the plot to plot and characterize the meat out of the gap. Instead we simply get an intense shot of young women spreadeagled on a table in their beautiful but little revealing underwear. Very, very awesome. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror films, even my character can bear even even the most extreme. But I think that this film finds good, or interesting, even I will move away from myself. The purpose of a horrific film is to frighten you; It's just shy. <br /> <br /> It has a very bad taste on face. I want to give this movie multiple stars because it has been executed efficiently, but it is not morally worth it and should not be made.
