Ethan (Jamie Croft) family friends along with Jimmy (Harry Hamlin) and Potty Henley (Susan Day) plus two children, Katie (Basia A'har) and Matt (Jeremy Leliat) disappeared in the desert of Muzov, they stop at a street side diner and Asked about an old desert drilling city on the map called Waver. Someone does not claim to hear it, but it is definitely there and the family decides to scratch it to take some pictures and test it. Once in the city they take some pictures and keep an eye on them, but when the time comes to leave the car, it will not start and spend the night there. Looking around, they found a camcoder videotape, which they just play to invent a tremendous woman's pavement, all her friends disappeared, the next morning and their car disappeared because the things turned very badly. What is Weaver's secret? Henley will ever survive ... <br /> <br /> Written by Walter Klenard, co-executive producer and operated I would say that the incompetence I've ever seen is one of the most frustrating movies. For the first 85 minutes it was a fantastic mysterious mix of thriller and horror film, but then we know one of the greatest ending of history in the history of the film. This script offers various things, but it does not make or confirm it, and I was sitting there with what happened in reality, disappearing mysterious family cars, four recent graves, abandoned mines, supernatural floods, unknown disappearances of Ethan and Like his invisible restoration, Sheriff's terrible motives, the car's compass is crazy , Crashed planes, and 40 in the cities they refused bibhake neutron bomb near oyebharera reduce possible side effects. But they all came out of the window and we know that completely random events can be completely different. Everything was coming nicely along and set up for a big wrap-up, but someone was imminent and instead I ended up with the most skeptical, weird, surreal and desperate disappointment. If there is nothing else, most of what has happened in the past have responded in the opposite and left more questions than the audience's answers. It was almost as if the makers had this great idea but did not know what to do with them and just ended up in the spot. I felt that I have tried so much to see the film which can sometimes be quite slow without any kind of reward and actually seems to be like a tooth or a good two-finger salam! <br /> <br /> Director Clenhard has done a reasonable job here, the old Scrub town has a certain atmosphere, and greater broad desert detachment gives a better idea. What was it made well but what they thought with that end? Nothing fits, does not understand anything, and it's a huge disappointing mess that you're confused for about an hour and you want to know more. Despite being a horror film, there is no blood or gore here, though there is one or two obscure moments here and there. The film, in fact, reminds of the rebuilding of the big part of The Hills Heinz (2006), as the film is set up before the end of the engagement which can not make any ties in the film. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is good with high production standards, good special effects, set, location and cinematography. Set in America but pictured in South Australia. Acting is better than a decent cast. <br /> <br /> The invisibility is really an extraordinary movie, it can be a lovely little horror mystery thriller for a long time, but it does not give any explanation that raises more questions than the true last reply. I can not really see anyone in this piece of head, I really can not.
