This production really does not stop the ground for me. The plot becomes so different that they are frustrated and the production is so small that if you do not read the novel or see good adaptation (such as the 1995 Amanda Route) you are not lost for any reason, time for the development of character. <br /> <br /> I like Sally Hawkins like allies, but the rest of the cast is less than what they should be. Mrs. Kraft was very old, like Anis's elder sister Elizabeth. Mary, in such an elaborate accusation, had said everything that lost her common sense of selfishness and selfishness. Mary of Sophie Thompson was very good, whose feelings of selfishness and ill treatment were so well established that during the time of Wentur, Annie suffered a loss with Luisa and Maryam, that she should be replaced as her mother-in-law, so imagine that someone is less appropriate. In this version, he may be side by side as he is unexpectedly different from the producer's other person. <br /> <br /> Rupert is very nice to see Prené-Jones, but he made a great Saint John River (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because the depth of the feeling of this character is deeper. I agree with the comments made before the Gig scene: It seems that he tried to get rid of Anne without any benefit to her. Likewise accident scenes: With very quick and very little background, you are wondering how these events happen. And the statement that Wantworth's raised in the novel at the beginning of this project is a complex misconception that only contributes to the diverse nature of the script. <br /> <br /> This issue was my other problem. Sometimes everything looked like a scene in the CSI morgue - very blue. The other time the light was very bad, the scene was difficult to adapt very well, such as Ann, when his old school friend Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, seems to have become less child). Anna was violated in the street to talk about Mr. Eliot's terrible character, that for a minute I could not remember him - I think he was one of the girls in Miskgov and he could be. All girls were quite changeable). And the last scene in the end ... In an age where Primetime was in premium, it is hard to imagine that all baths should be done like a tender huddle. How can you get stupid? It's very bad. Sally Hawkins had written all of a good ali alloy, but she was completely hamstrung by a badly organized script and a supercritical production.
