I'm not a person who goes out of a film based on source material and will automatically say, "The book was good." I know better than reducing the value of a movie because it is not a trusted adaptation. A long process and many decisions that go into film making, which are sometimes beyond the control of directors / editors / artists / producers, and of course, beyond the original author's control. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect a word similar to a movie, word or sound or video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever it is! A movie should judge its own standards and how it fits into society. Moreover, the successful film should be made because it is relevant material that is relevant to the society, and if it is based on source material, its relevance is to be rebuilt and enhanced by filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Movies Will Will Blood follows this standard because it was based on a novel written in the beginning of the century, oil! It seems relevant due to Iraq's war and energy concerns issues. The film was the main country, USA, and was experiencing. Advantages of King Kong, the use of new technologies and the concerns of animal rights of the people, based on the original film. <br /> <br /> I do not understand why they are annoyed to make this movie. ? Along with extraordinary performances, Oscar Nodes and Shannie Director / Writer Fees and Royalties have confirmed that this movie does not seem to come from anywhere. It must be just as a game. The film (which is essentially similar to the drama) is not saying something new about strong sexual violence and most often covered by Catholic Church in here and abroad. It's nothing new or different than the original game. I can not help but can take this movie to almost any other movie at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a game. Frost / Nixon, about Nixon's regrets, seems to be relevant because it seems that the time has come for President Bush to leave the office. As described in the game / film, Nixon expressed his sadness and could be easily reflected in Bush and his presidency regarding the war and its president. In that case, Frost / Nixon used to be more relevant and actually benefited from a wide range of distribution through film because it was time to talk and reflect on the political situation of the people. On the contrary, the suspect felt yesterday's news and the offer of the game does not seem to offer any. <br /> <br /> Surely the movie is "good", performance is outstanding and screen adaptation is appropriate, but what? Why not just stay as a game? Why, without marketing and financial reasons, does it make a movie? It did not give anything new to the disks about the horror of the audience.
