Since the Oscar season has arrived, all of the movie theater is because of this deep, compelling, powerhouse shoes movies, all-round movie theater has the opportunity to achieve the audience and get the best picture on the big show. This film is based off of a very popular and well-known game among them. The main playwright was originally a writer and director of film adaptation; Which comes as a double sword. On the one hand, the drama is better than the original author? On the other hand, those who do not see mistakes and play defects rather than good writing and fix them on them? Excellent acting acting suspense and lots of tension and mystery; A frustrating end, unnecessary dialogue, suspicious instructions, and of course, the inability to provide enough answers. This is a growing trend among "high-qualified" movies that it can not answer all the questions that it provides and close it. <br /> <br /> It is like a crown with a suspicion, such as the final 20 pages missing like a book, such as seeing the fourth quarter of a wildly competitive football game, losing the reception and playing the arcade game is not like 50 cents and see what will happen next. . Doubt, the previous best picture is just like the old man for a country, like frustration, does not really end; It does not give us enough answers and does not provide us enough to finish it. Yes, it was intended, but it is not a test of humanity, it is a cop-out. I do not pay to see an unfinished job, I pay a start, middle, and end to see and pray that I can not sleep during three working hours. What happened before and we screamed each other, as the characters would be forced to fill themselves as "the author" of the movie. <br /> <br /> This short play is about a nun (Merrill Strip) who feels very well that the well-known cleric (Philipp Simmur Hoffman) is making sexual advances toward the child near the church; The first African-American son of the Catholic Church The Church secretly broke up secretly that it is a serious sin behind everyone. The plot is thick for kids to behave differently, which draws attention to a young teacher (Emmy Adams). This story was justified after John F. Kennedy's assassination, which threatened the country several times and questioned humanity and their beliefs among each other. <br /> <br /> The strongest aspects of suspicion come to the acting group and the ever-engaging mystery that is slowly created and boils ever. The strip appears to be Oscar worthy in each of his roles, and here he is not afraid of any other student and some church staff, such as his hardness and cold heart behavior. Hoffman once again raised a curiosity personality and doubted the friendliness of a friend as a priest. Apparently hypocrritical personality is difficult to pull, especially when we are liked by him and are thinking about him at the same time; But Hoffman came up to the plate against the best actresses of our generation and deliberately delivered it. When these two arguments, you can hear firewalls that you do not see at any launch. But Amy Adams (Entered) and Viola Davis do not forget about their fantastic work. In 2008, the best of doubt was the best of casting. However, as has been said earlier, the instructions and instructions for the destruction of this movie, especially when it gets reduced under the Third Law. The questions pop up, but they are not answered. Characters pop up, but provide no real growth towards the plot. Children behave differently, but we do not really find out why. Have a weird angle in camera-work ?? And ?? Why is there no real reason? The drama of the play John Patrick Shanley was an earlier film in his management report: Joe Versus the Volcano. Regardless of the arrogance or stupidity, we saw the overdraw sequence of random conversations, the lasting annoying clutter in the end (at least two minutes of coffee talks were discussed and the priest wanted to know how much sugar). Thanks to Mr. Chenley. <Br> <br /> The bottom line: The lack of end is a stupid trend that is a boring camera in action films-as annoying as the work. It does not matter that we are working on a great gifted acting industry, or appropriate cinematography, or a good story, or use sound and music well; Because we have a barrage of inappropriate questions, which spans a movie that does not end for more than 100 minutes! The translation from film to movie is good and quite right, because we have the original crazy behind this project ?? But he also took the photo wrong and stupid hiccups from this game. In this decade saw the share of blockbuster and high-profile movies that could have gained me a lot of scores if they decided to just add a few minutes footage and finish the end: Sideways, Cast Cast, No Country for Old Men, Burn After Reading A few examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Finish your stun gun. Instead of easily staring in the space as the rolling start of the credit (or like Wall-E's depressing backstories), easily or at least provide us good perfume and you feel the cravings, confusion, feelings and emotional pain. Please start one, middle, and last !! As a critic, I like to complete my movies, not incomplete. The suspicion seems incomplete, why it gets an unsupported grade <br /> <br /> Someone has to break this stupid trend.
