The Rock, which started as a rock band called "Clock 905", is ready for a nightclub of a nightclub and managed by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Lead singer Dylan (San Cook) and guitar player Mike (Jason Mckycki) want to tell other band members, Lightning Player London (Brooke Bailey) and Drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are both lonely and their services are not going and needed. Club Dillon is ready once but Mike does not show up and Giga turns into a disaster. Then the band thinks that things can not be worse, they find a corpse in the house, the gates that have closed so that they can not get out and they can not believe that anyone can start the mysterious killer. <br /> <br /> at June. Month Chuck is a producer and directed. This is a standard number of tin slashers which actually do not have anything for it. The script of Jessica Dlan and Susanah Lobher (there are not many horror films written by women ...) has some surprisingly good character and some nifty dialogues, but it's a camcorder type better than many modern shots on the fears. In that case it is so slow and annoying that some interesting characters can not even come near to save it. As it is hoped that can not be away from isolated positions in isolated positions, good caregivers can be customized, some killings and a really poor package that tries to imitate something like Scrum (1996) and surprisingly but you can reasonably think about it The time (they could not do anything) and make it worse when it is full I guess he does not have the money fairly early was a killer, and I do not want to boast, even though I had the spot. Then the makers of Chalk felt that the audience will be entertained by watching it endlessly (it seems infinitely while watching) the sightseeing around the dark castles is not particularly doing anything, I am sorry but only so in the scene it is I take it before I start getting tired You can The number of killings is low, first of all, they all decide to keep together (good idea), but then they all decide to split separately and decide in their different ways (the slaughtered killer when bad idea), the motion is neutral, killing scenes are unknown and the last point To the end of the poorest to the end. <br /> <br /> The month of the month is OK, the film is mostly okay, though there are some rare cases where it uses some annoying post. Production editing techniques like slow motion or skipping frames. Gore levels are not really scratch, some have blood splatters, there is a hole in their chest, some dead bodies and some metal stolen in the pole. At the end of most killings the screen is closed with the ax and a good example of the film does not really show anything. Since the film has come with a rock band, it has some rock-based soundtracks with some really awesome, awesome rock songs that it uses. I'm sorry rock fans but my ears are just sound pollution in this cone. It is not terrible, there is no real environment and the rest of the picture is so bad when the lack of blood and cow is ineligible. <br /> <br /> With the estimated budget of $ 1,000,000, the price of production is made by reasonably well, it is cheap to be sure but cheaper as much as the budget looks awful films look. Clearly shot in a place called Spokane in Washington Actors are one of the most powerful points in the film, it's often pretty much beautiful, because I mean that no one is going to conquer Oscar, but it's not half bad. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> One of the weakest twists that never ended in the style of the style teen slasher & blood, thunder, violence, nudity and dead bodies have a criminal lack I understand, if there is no sex or gore in a slash, then what is the point? These are the only things that are valuable for the average slash, okay?
