Following the exploitation of two boys and two cheeks in the Mercedes to steal "carrieres", they huddle the highway for the beach along the road street fighters along the roadway surfboards on the Hood street fighters. Brian is driving ("Chris Trek" Chris Pine) and shot his girlfriend Bobby ("Quiet Oolie" piper), Brian's younger brother Danny ("Fanboys" Lou Louer Pucci) and his friend - just not a girlfriend - Kate (Emily Ventcamp of "The Ring 2") occupies the backset. Twentysomething characters are living in this nightmare a nightmare. Apparently, a viral epidemic - which does not say anything about co-director and co-artist Alex Pasteur and David Pastor - destroyed America. Naturally, the lack of expression closes at least fifteen minutes, which will gradually gradually transform this narrow melodrama of human beings and become their worst enemy. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you roots and then you bleed and die. Most everyone runs around wearing their white masks who strapped their nose and face by their thin rubber band. Initially, a great father of these four, Frank (Christopher Melonie of "Runway Bride"), and his intelligent little girl Jody (Kiranan Shipka of "Lost of Lost") blocked the highway with their SEO. Brian Frank jumped around Frank when he tried to move them, but in the process, their oil pans of Mercedes broke and they sank on the foot. Unintentionally, after uploading Jody behind the SEO, they made a move with Frank. He wears a mask on his nose and face and it is screaming with blood. Frank has heard that the doctors are attacking the sick person in the hospital and they are scared. Sorry, someone said Frank lying. The doctors of the hospital are giving some cool-ed to the last few children who will expel them from their suffering. Their condition did not improve in their condition. Everyone else in the city is dead Kate tries without success to get a dial tone on each phone. Frank realized that there was no hope for his daughter and she allowed the hero quadrangle to make her the perfect SUV. <br /> <br /> In fact, the "hearty" frustrating movie about the effect of an epidemic around "careers" qualifies as sympathetic people who fall into suicide killers to protect themselves. The show in the suit and the mask with the shot of the other four pumps until they reached a country club and rolling around a golf course. Incredibly, our plays are managed to escape without a shot, but when Bryan falls in the water with a floating body, he is scared. Finally, they discovered that one of them was infected. Later, when they were out of gas, Brian Blocks like Frank started in the beginning. Danny tries to close a pair of caring women to an elderly Christian women. Danny is lying that her pregnant wife is going to give birth and she needs her help. Brian explodes air and bomb into the air when women refuse to help them with their own automatic pistols. Brian catches a slug from the leg to the passenger, but he killed him. <br /> <br /> No, "Careers" is not a beer and a pizza movie that you can smile or laugh because the humor does not actually exist. By the end of this 84 minute film, our heroes have become villains who care only for themselves and their misery. Chris Pine has a great impression as a lively loving Brian and his only enchanting performance is the only reason hanging with this dictum, when another well-known actress Piper Peroa is playing an incompatible girlfriend role. As Bobby, he makes the misunderstanding of a mortal little girl sad and makes a terrible value. It is a rule of pine performance that he can change his character to the point of establishing himself in front of others. Basically, Pine's only role, which gives him the ability to hide hundreds of heartless people from a happy and lucky person. <br /> <br /> Two directors do not let the Spanish brother, and they never give the flag of speed. There is no relief in sight, since "carrier" sinks into predictability. "Irréversible" cinematographer Benoit Debie does an excellent job with his widescreen lensing and as helpless as this road trip, Debbie looks like a dynamic film. In addition to the lack of happy ending or closing of any feeling of the word, "carrier" suffered because it is so horrific. The scene is most mysterious when German shepherd Danny attacks, but it can also be improved. Unfortunately, priests are not afraid of too much excitement or suspicion. To become faded, you do not really have to care for anyone.
