At the end of the 1970s, the animated Don Blut was frustrated by the company's output, which was destroyed by Disney's Mosaic House building for its own studio. His first production, Neem Secret, is a fantastic feature that still makes this day better. After that the AN American Tale and the land were followed earlier, both of which were related to Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although none of these two movies were NIMH's dark adult appeal, they are still enjoyable features of both children and adults. But long ago, Don Bluth had his first big fog with the first dog, which he went to Hiuenen; Critics were particularly tough on this film, and this did not help with this issue as well as the little Memmied of Disneyi. <br /> <br /> This movie is so friendly-sketch title, everyone would expect that the DOGS happy family to rent to heaven would go to heaven. Instead, Bloom provides a wonderful dark story involving gambling, cheating, crime, torture, and murder. This is not a problem for an animated feature of yourself, but it does question whether the film is for children. On the other hand, it is hard to say that adults will enjoy many adults to enjoy in heaven. In short, this is a movie with a major identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Set in New Orleans a Darye Junkyard, when the movie begins, Charlie B. Barkin, a molten German feather, is run by a car courtesy of his ex-gambling casino partner, a nasty, cigar-puffing pitbull, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in heaven, though by default. Here is a whippet angel, Annabelle, telling him that "all dogs go to heaven because dogs like humans, usually devoted and kind." This line represents the illusory nature of the movie, since film dogs are presented as something else on the other. After learning about his murder, Charlie came back to Earth and got along with even the Carface. With the reluctant support of her Dutch Pala Ichi, Charlie Corfus's award "Anime", a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict future races will win). Charlie claims that she will help her to find her little family, but in reality she is using her skills so that she can achieve the fate of the nation so that she can create her own more casino to bring down the carrots. Although she refused to acknowledge it, Charlie Anmari is growing up in love ... <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​the story is not a problem to execute the execution. Almost three-quarters (through the page's voice pipes) are shown alongside the human girl Anna and a radioactive musical sorcerer, no other characters appear as desired, and undoubtedly they are not careful. Unfortunately, that applies to Charlie; When trying to make him a hero, the script (compiled by more than 10 authors) only succeeds in transforming the character into an ineligible. In this way, visitors do not feel any sympathy for Charlie and worse, at the end of the film, his ransom does not seem credible. (The more harmful of the character is Burt Reynald's frustrating abnormal voice.) Apart from the lack of a respected leadership, the other problem in the film is in the story frame. The slow-moving plot goes everywhere and tends to throw in extra scenes that do not work for any purpose but pad out the film's running time. The previous musical brain (who lives in Dankee Sierra associated with Native Rats) does not seem to be thrown from anywhere, such as Chelley Pasteel trying to show her generosity in Anmeri by feeding colored dog pizza packs. The whole screen feels like a rough first draft; A little more Polish could make it a difficult, influential story. <br /> <br /> Charlie Strouse and T. J. The issues of the brutal musical numbers do not help. Quenester (Anime's song and Gator's ballad are the only good thing, especially the benefits from the melifluent voices of the Ken pages) or the outstanding voice cast. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds's harsh and ruthless Charlie is far more than the character he was unlike before (Only the exception is about the confession of the arson attack on his true motto). Dame deluge as an itchy was quite good, but he had a good role, especially N. American Secretary of Time, An American Tale and Jeremy. As mentioned, why the page is terrified of anything, but its character has so little parts that its overall contribution is always ineffective. Similarly, Lonnie Anderson (a callie who once carries a liter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Rally. As anime Judith Bursi is perhaps the only voice that comes across as memorable, partly his character is only legally preferred for this gloomy and joyous show. <br /> <br /> On one side of the buses, the only real positive of all is animation to go to DGS Humans. Technically, this image is among the most imaginative scenes of Bluth's team (according to the 1980s standard), especially in a terrific scene where Charlie is in a nightmare in a fiery underworld ruled by a fiery devil-giant. If anything, the film is the victory of animation than the story. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I said, although I admit that the film has fans and Claymax recognizes some power and Provides ongoing conclusions but overall packages like blut's best efforts are not in the same league. Animation buffs will be wonderful at the cozy artistic, but when the time is over, all dogs can go to heaven very well to leave a bad taste in your mouth.
