Seasil B. Dimple's 1922 Pearl-to-Jail TierJarcher manassartt finds a delightful letterarise as a pretty teen, more than the teenager's youngest daughter. His reluctance leads to imprisonment, which leads to his rebirth. Thomas Meighan Crusading District Attorney who has made his personal crusade to find good and disaster in Lydia (Joy) but he becomes pulverized by alcohol and is released once, it is on him to rescue him! <BR> <br /> If the plot is not very bad, then you will be fooled by a sad presentation. The quality of the claim is very low, and he does not see any unique skill that is unique to him. Photography quality and flatness, and editing is very dynamic. One can easily classify it as a fashion show and be quite accurate. Demil misses wearing clothes of different types (evening gown, golfing costume, motorcycle costume, fur ribs). This subtitle can be 'Fashion of 1922' <br /> <br /> One thing is more frustrating than photography or editing or acting, which is mostly flat and woody. When it is not, it is merely uninterrupted continuous gesture, rolling eyes ball, eye heel and deliberate pointing and arm movement. The silent silence of some of the movies has been chewed and visible for the modern viewers, it was just uninterrupted to see here. Les Wilson, who is not only beautiful but naturally able to play his role, is the only Cast member who has succeeded in any form of superiority. As long as you do not read the title card of morality once you open your face, he is strong and respectful in the close-ups of tears. As I have said, all other droning routines, jay, mehigan and even julia fei. His performance here does not give any good reason for achieving the true Stardom. <br /> <br /> This is the worst and most compelling part of the film, with the highest morality voice. Meighan's character has a lot of intertitles, where the American youth are losing their moral position and going back to the fall of Rome. (Insert strange flashback) The morality of this movie is described as Victorian, but it is more than that. It carries so little weight of implementation that I have a view of the feeling that at that time it did not take it more seriously than the modern audience. <br /> <br /> This movie is similar to what is known as 'ideal' silent movie, its ancient moral structure, wood acting and bad aspects. Demil shows that he may be an awesome director, no penning, camera placement or skill to handle scripts or actors. I can not imagine anyone taking them seriously in the right mind. Annoying, slow and stupid, I just recommend myself like silent movie dorks hardcore.
