Epsilon, AKA.Anien visitor, I do not expect. It is a non-budget Australian film that does not have any special effect on fast motion movies and faster scenes. The female Alien (who is able to speak completely Australian spoken immediately) can "hug" from time to time or time and change her perception of time flow to match with "fast" people. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother told her two grandchildren about a story about a story about a terrible man 40 years ago, when an anonymous "he" came to the nude and was completely unconscious, he could not recognize any star in the sky. ... He shows the Australian outback camping alone to a man, apparently mocking him. He gets angry by "wrong" here, and is called when he is on earth. Earth is considered to be the destroyer of the environment and is known as the metaphor of the most humiliating thing for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe a brutal breeze", but do nothing about it, holding the snow-like sand on their heads. Another interesting metaphor, Earthlines "Frogs" <br /> <br /> From there, it is a completely dialogue film, because the confused people try to understand its impressive psychology and perspective, even if he thinks it is intelligent. "Bizarre". People may understand that it is a people who are not irrational and direct thinking. Yet, while waiting for his return, he sees that this man is not completely defective in his thinking and even fell in love with her. The conversation about the point of view is interesting, but it is leveled with a heavily passed environmental message and a low budget sentiment. (Only two main actors, who move around different solitary scenes and they are never seen when destroying planet Earth). Environmental message does not provide any solution, but if you do not do anything, then one or two terrible metaphorical images can be drawn about what nature and people will be doing. The rationality does not hang together: the rest of the universe has been "released" in the world, yet one place woman is wrongly caught on the earth, after the film ends some positive changes are implemented. How does a Billionaire Alien manage deliberately to manage the pollution and debris?
