This is one of the films of the British Lottery Fund. The main problem is a rambling script that does not get anywhere. Characters are not interesting, the story is traditional and vague, the only thing about interest is: Genoa City (Genoa in Italian). Because of having a very familiar identity with genuinely, I did not know anything about Old Town's complex golfs, and the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was soft. I'm glad to say I'm wrong. So from the perspective of travel, this picture has interest. In this movie, a little girl named Perla Honey-Jardine has a great acting. He made seven films at the age of 12, so he became convinced of his career as an actress and judged by his performance in this film, he must go a long way, because he has a lot of natural talent and talent. A reliable and professional actor Colin Firth was for the film and when asked for his heartfelt, he was sincere and when he asked for an outburst, he was frustrated. But someone forgot to give him an appropriate conversation. The scripts are total shambles. Catherine Keane has done a great job in a helpful introduction and showed sympathy and came to him naturally, so that everyone wants to surround him (I want to say every time I'm cold, as I know he'll get me a cool hot drink). So we have there: Genoa's interesting narrow alleys, an attractive little girl, and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest The older sister, directed by Willa Holland, is a hateful character that does not work well for the young actress to be annoying, she really will not want to pay tribute to acting, I doubt. To forget the unfortunate death of the mother, this family is going to Genoa, it is assumed that if we have any other film then all the dead mothers have the right to complain about the exploitation. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to create a movie about how genuinely an old part was, why did not he just go to BBC and say he wants to make travel movies with a psychological celebrity presenter? Why waste money in a feature film that is nothing but inactive and dirty vacuum terrible projects?
