Armand Lock (Dean Jagger), General Duval (George Cleveland), his partner Tiang (William Crowel) is a pastor who has the power and he controls them and keeps them under their control. (I really like working with a bit like humans). However, Colonel Mazzovia (Roy d'Arcy) was killed in Tianan but he failed to acquire knowledge of making Junkies. General Dual set up an operation to investigate this secret, because Tiying is not going to say anything else to them. General Duval led the operation to his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) who brought with Lucky who came ever. During the campaign, Claire dumped the lock for Clifford Grieson (Robert Nolland), who was not happy with the lock. In a way that people can happen in a movie, it finds the secret of transforming people into junkies by themselves and begins to use its new power to retaliate Claire and Clifford ... Zombies managed and managed by a Wicker Halperin insurgency is a bad I have fame and can see why I can see it. All scripts of Halperin, Howard Higgin and Rolo Lloyd are unauthorized, it is a good central idea, but it is as breathless as soft and rock-dry, the stone killed the cold dead. Nothing happens for ages and then nothing is later after. How Halperin illustrates his zombies is considered to be a zombie of many modern viewers, these jabees are only intelligent people and filmmakers must wait 30 years. George A. Romeo now decides what a junkie is thinking in Night Night of Living Dead (1968). The zombies rebellion at just one hour's length is still very long. It was right to think technically the film was made 70 years ago, black and white cinematography was enough, although in some scenes like scenes they were shot against a background image. Acting is wood and is basically unimpressive. The rebellion of the zombies may be hot stuff in 1936 but it does not date well and is an absolute noon to sit in it in 2005. I believe that this movie has now become a public domain because it introduces a lot of cheap DVD compilation and budget labels, but it is not yet valuable how much cheap you can get.
