The title includes the word "jumboes" but this movie is not what you would expect from a movie made today, although the concept for 1936 is almost played and probably expected. Dean Jagger portrayed Armando Locke, a French army officer of the First World War, who made an ancient story of automobiles in automobil, or "jumbo", who was unreasonable in war and could be the key to winning in the war. , But on whose behalf it is not specific. Initially, he was troubled to believe the superiority of the incident, but in the end, the French General Dual (George Cleveland) ordered the operation of a military operation in ancient Cambodian city of Ankara to find the secret of militants and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story is played opposite Triangle's retreat, which is related to Louv, Dual's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grieson (Robert Nolland). When people are annoyed with their lack of determination and determination, Grace exhorts them to follow whatever they want in life. The advice began to transform people, especially in the ancient city, they succeeded in getting a stone tablet like a photo. Following a temple pastor in a swim, Louque is now clearly not clear how he has been able to command the power of "zombiefication", even though he appears to keep the secret he was seeking. It takes whatever it takes to set the right fist of the forehead in his third mobile phone and wants to keep his thoughts under their control. It helps her win the girl, and while taking the basic advice of Grace, she comments to her servant, "knit, we're learning to be cruel". <br /> <br /> From the 1973 film "White Jambi" to director Victor Halperin, Lagosi's signature from the film will recognize eye-catchy use. Among the two films, the "White Jumba" is the story's content and it is much better than both the images of the unwanted images, where the more dire look of the jambids and the more threatened. In "rebellion", Jumbo shows a glossy overlay of enemy soldiers, which only reacts to their adviser's orders. Indeed, the actual rebellion of the title occurs only when Locke respects the soldiers from his mental command to his love for clearer; They crossed their compound and killed him in this process. <br /> <br /> Because it is not too strict in the film, it plays firmly in the paradigms of its story paradigm, but if you think "jumbo !!" in the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed. You want to sample the first treatment of the matter, but you can go back to "White Jambi" with Lughosi.
