Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die Maradona is directed by Bradford May, the same person who created the first Darkman Sequel. The Darkman 3 is worse than the Darkman 2, and my opinion is nothing special. Larry Drake is no longer like a major villain, who is now acting by Jeff Fayy, whose character wants to get the work of the Darkman again, and this city wants to create some very powerful people to lead the whole city. The picture is similar to the plot of the Darkman 2 and the execution is similar. But in most cases I was very annoyed by the scene of Darkman 2. These signals were made in a short time and with little money, so these decisions would have been made. The couple of scenes are quite stylish and exiting, but these are still very tired film and often irritatingly stupid, too. The character screams and smiles too and it is very annoying. The film has no philosophical depth and it is like a reconstruction of Darkman 2, which is still not the same. There were many great scenes and stylish camera work in the DarkMan 2 and Larry Dreck's awesome villain had the ability to act. Darkman 3 offers only some nice scenes and moments, but most of the film is tired of being tired. Some of the positive things in this film are Flashback Editing (Nightclub's Nightmare) and really wonderful couple of couples and tricks. And the notable value was a pretty nasty scene of the main villain, which was a fantastic comic book and inventor without any amusement. The main villain in Part Two is much more interesting than the death. <br /> <br /> The Darkman 3 is the worst in the whole series, and we must keep in mind that these two signals were made directly in the video and they did not even come to Rimmy's real Darkman with Liam Nissan. The Darkman 2 was just fine with great scenes and lots of mysteries, but this last (?) Entry tired and often is the stupid and annoying piece of the sequel. It has some qualifications as a reference, but the overall feeling is that this should not be done in the first place. May gifted director is so optimistic that he can get some more significant projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
