The courtyard for round two is a intriguing one. 60-year-old painter Ashley (Richard Burton) and 15-year-old daughter Sarah Norton (the newest man) banned love; And the quality of society is questioned whether such kind is acceptable. But the circle has two problems, but it failed to live up to its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Haydley should have been thinking more about Scrapplell. When I watched this movie, I wanted to learn something new about love and sex. Instead, I got annoying dialogue, an uninterrupted speech in the industry, outlets where Sarah got more fun than Ashley, and a closed scene was so artificial that her psychological effects were lost. This script makes bad actor look bad. Zeus Dasin can be imagined to combine much of the movie with even more amateur cast. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I did not believe for a second I had love with her character Sarah Ashleigh. Its acting takes a superficial, like a beauty sponsor, like a contender. It seemed as if he forced himself to be happy, when the script started to make him happy and sad, when the script asked him to be sad. The only scene I liked with him was at the very end when he did not say anything. That probably the closest Tatum's Sarah Norton never came to be real. But it was not the only blame. Richard Burton's Ashleygh's charm, lack of charisma and complexity, was even fifteen years old to attract women of his own age. The rest of the cast was left. Yet their debate was helpless, because they waited to turn around. Who does this? Michael Vincott as a former lover Paul was probably the best thing in this film, but his role was small. To be fair for the actors, let everyone move away at the direction of Dashin; But it is true that a great movie goes out of the script. Kubrick's Lolita did with James Mason and Su Lion; Konavalovski's runway train went out of the scripts by convicting John Voitte and Eric Roberts. The film's directors also knew how to make their movies dramatic and how to use music to reveal something about their character. Despite his score (coordination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl of and Bernard Hooper), Circle of Two is not able to do this. At the conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story in an adult is painter and a teenage girl, but her execution in two circles is effective. In many ways, the shame-type story is shameful? Want to avoid most movie directors for understanding reasons ?? More intelligent treatments were not accepted; That was written in a script which congratulations were not rehearsed; The actors, who were committed to their part or had the talent to make their character real, were found; And director Jules Dasin (who has done so well with films such as RAFIFI and TOTPP) will not have to put his foot on him and say, "Before we filming, we will have to reconsider our love story and revise the script." The only silver decoration is that One day, a great painter and a cute girl who falls in love with a teenage girl can be one day. If such a film is shown, it must be debated, debated and sparky for many years.
