A thought floating by love comes almost immediately, "My god looks like a really bad sitcom." Enough, it proves that FBL is a pilot for a series that can start this fall in Canada's poor poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Car (Sheryl NG) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple in Vancouver. Jeanette has already been to her mother but her parents still remain in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. When parents from Malaysia are facing pressure for their own brother's wedding, pressure gets strained. That week British Columbia makes gay marriage valid. If you want to marry Genet, then you must decide whether to talk to her conservative Chinese parents. What is she What will he do Can he do The situation is opposite to Jesse (Trent Miller). Jesse expressed her homosexuality at the age of fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McLeilly) is coming for a tour soon. His parents Norman (Michael Robinson) feared that eventually Jessie would be totally acceptable to Daniel Gayle and he was not. Will Dial 1-800-Convert Dialing? <br /> <br /> Dialog and delivery comes with additional physical emotions directly in the 1950s with less than the program. The flower house-style melodrama is enough to surprise you from time to time and the efforts of the comedians have largely failed. McLeR, Miller, and Sky are the only actors who communicate with this misconception skill, but the material that has been worked with them has been given, no surprise that there is no effect. It is possible that camp was intended. Actors are really bad that there is no way to think it often, they must certainly try to imitate the worst sitcoms of the previous day. This should indeed be rewritten in the case than in this review. The rewrite will be the focus on Florida by Love, a poor and irrelevant sender of old ones. <br /> <br /> Author / Director Deshri Lim has joined the number one-fest which is completely forgotten. There was a time when only the open gay lesbian hero was enough to make a mark on the screen. The time has gone. On this day we need quality as well.
