I hoped for a thought-provoking, truth-based movie through this movie. But instead of believing imaginable Christians were given some of the arguments out of thinking at least. For example, in Christianity trying to prove violent violence, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without quotes and thus changes the meaning of the text. Jesus has been instructed to quote those who disobey him, then the quote is quoted from the quotation quoted from Jesus, which includes the king quoted. Thus the narrator thinks that Jesus said one thing when he is actually telling a story where one of its letters says it. This is a very obvious form discrimination. Will this atheism really give the world? This picture tries to use Christ's Passion successfully on Christ: The superstar and the last temptation of Christ are Christians as bloodshed. Passion does not mention any of the most historically correct Bible-film dates. He actually makes no mention of the best choice by critics critics. Then he edited a sequence of violent images from Passion to increase its position. Wickedly, he did not mention anything about the Texas Censo genocide, which came a few months later and played for violence to entertain dramatically. <br /> <br /> The one thing that really bothered me, she was actually her dirty man was more about the subject than the subject she was. Billy Graham's New York Crusade's parking lots that he had met were the average restrictions Atheists interviewed for the film were notable writers and scholars. He asked how Christians started the Christian movement, and of course, they said that it started with the Holy Spirit, which was coming to the disciples on the day of Pentecost. Which is correct (Acts 2). Then he commented, "Is it not funny how such a small number of Christians think of the source of their own faith?" And after the road to Damascus closed, the apostle Paul explained the beginning of Christianity. The poor chap thinks that the Apostle 9 is before the law 2. More fraud? Or is this simple ignorance? Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me 1 Corinthians 15 describes that Jesus is witness to the death and resurrection of the people by witnessing to the people (whom Paul named after the cross) to question the Corinthians! <br /> <br /> How painful? This is a 'documentary'. But I do not have the time or patience to go among them, because I'll skip the end directly. It is obvious throughout the whole film that the narrator has a mental handicap against his enthusiasm in the church. And Climax interview is her child's education! In the last attempt to blame the Christian faith, the narrator tried to fool a person who was arrested as a child. What passes as an intellectual documentary for this atheist community? Certainly there are intelligent atheist filmmakers who can create a documentary that is not a bad bundle created by the 'event'.
