First tell me that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the atheist to be fine, not the word I describe, but I do not like the word I describe), but I hate this hate "documentary." The prices of production were not existent, the prize is very sticky and the whole thing seems to be the exercise of uncertainty in Brian Fleming. <br /> <br /> Production prices were terrible and Brian Flaming was clearly an amateur director. The story was heard so that he described the film in just one shot, and did not practice it. There were many umms and ways to break while filming. Animation was also very bad. <br /> <br /> The whole idea is that Jesus is not taken seriously by a mythical character, historian and Bible scholars. As I said earlier, I do not believe in God and I do not think that Jesus is a real person or does not say anything about God's existence. My personal point of view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time when many genocide (see Tien's Apollonius) and the stories of his life and preaching were exposed as far away as possible from his death. According to Wikipedia's article on the historiography of Jesus (and there is a good quote for that junk) "Almost all scholars in the field of Bible research and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher of Galilee who was known as a healer, was baptized by John the Baptist, the Roman Empire Against the charges of sedition and Roman governor Pontius P. Atera orders for execution by crucifixion was to be executed. [1] "I was more than the other end of the documentary about the director's unsafe. I was left wondering if I was trying to convince myself than anyone else. The most notable example of this is the final interview with the Religious School Principal. She does not even coy about it. The manner in which he sends a bomb to the teacher is not wrong and when I partly agree with the director, the education that children teach about the fire of hell is bad, the way to face Fleming's head was just curious to see. Fleming might have had a good interview, if he was more durable with his interview. Instead he comes aggressive with "these things are not bad to teach kids". The person shortened the interview and I wanted to say, what did he expect, "Yes, I see, I saw light, now it will be a secular school?" It seems that Fleming thinks that his revenge was because he was wrong since his childhood. It's not about the documentary, it does not have to do about Flemming's helplessness and the documentary's supposed subject. Fleming shows what he's actually doing here, and the actual collapse of this so-called documentary.
