One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is Borat or the Dependent, rather than the 2002 documentary, Jesus Christ, who is not The God Who Was Not, Director Brian Fleming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Fleming, in his 62 minute documentary, Jesus was not a historical figure of the world, but a legend based on pagan traditions. Interview with writers, philosophers, and historians, denying Christian faith for a long time that God's Son, Jesus lived among men, was crucified and resurrected, compared with the story of Fleming Christ compared to Isis and Osiris. In the Greek mythology, the enemies of the Roman mysteries like Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis and Mitnar Ram find many surprises. Apart from proof of the connection between Pavanas, he said that four gospels were written after the fourteenth or fifty years of Christ's crucifixion, and St. Paul's letters show little evidence about the body and blood of Jesus. Unfortunately, Fleming is not just about using the subject as a point of departure for a complete rebuke attack on Christians and all religions, not to investigate the truth about Jesus' life. Most of the interviews are directed by philosophers, including those of the director Richard Dawkins and atheists like writer Sam Price. Fleming was present as a boy, the only Christians in interviews with fundamentalist Christian school principal Scott Butcher, the creator of the website Rapture Letters.com and Ronald Typace. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlotte Haysten in his Colombian bowling, his interview with Thipsa is so controversial that the soldace has gone in the middle. In an inconsistent voice, Fleming tells us how wrong the Christianity was wrong about the sun cyclone around the world, then referring to the issue of Christianity in the name of Christianity, such as the religious leader Charles Manson who killed 11 people and Dan Schlosser, who cut him off, . He also cited a statement from a book of Lahay and Jenkins, which states that Christians "are looking at the day when all non-Christians are thrown into the shaking, jealousy and shock of the fire." To make us wander more against Christians, Fleming gives us a detailed picture of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, which describes in detail the brief description of each scene of violence and abuse. What has been a serious discussion on a very interesting issue finally became a religious rant and a spine against all religions. In the process of condemning those who used to do unexpected works, he was a socialist, such as Muriel Lester, a famous Christian peacemaker, Rigoberta Menacheu Tomo, Mayan Indian of Guatemala, who helped find revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Peace Prize for his social justice. Recognition, and Mother Eresa, value and dignity of each person whose work was respected. <br /> <br /> He is saying most of his comparisons to Christian doctrine with pagan cults and he makes some good aspects, yet Fleming does not tell us that some aspects of these words may be similar to Christian doctrine, although for this agreement 300AD Earlier there is no texts or source material, long after the new rules. Also it is important to note a major difference The immediate goal of this initiative was a mysterious experience that reminds them that they have achieved unity with their god. It is a Christian anti-religious group that believes that the authority of a church with priests and bishops till the Pope is necessary to explain God's will for mankind. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and there is some doubt about whether Jesus Christ was indeed a historical personality, it is true that it is not a matter of long planning. No matter what a message was presented to mankind and spread to the world, contributing to the spiritual evolution of mankind. After the distortion and crime committed in his name and many were, as imagination, Christians were compassionate and loving doctrines and our moral and moral codes that respected our colleagues. <br /> <br /> I appreciate the creation of the film and it is a banned topic which is strictly needed, it is not another contradictory attempt to use religion as a field of war, rather it is seen as a common thread to bring the people of the world together May There is a place of debate and discussion on religious issues, in the words of Bansant, "Spiritual truths are best seen in the air of brotherhood and mutual respect." It is recommended only for those who do not have God, whose ideas are a good time to ruin the religion of others.
