The name of the Uwe Bowle is automatically a bad movie / culture film and is associated with the new movie released? Which is almost two, three years ?? Immediately always get negative ratings and harsh criticism. You are actually tempted to think it's a contemporary hype. You know, hate like Bowie is popular, even if you liked his movie. Let me not just give you this assurance that. Uwe Bowle is a horror writer / director and a complete ruthless filmmaking industry. The "seed" evidence is another most unfortunate that. Here, in the bill, trying so hard to dispute and frustrate, that he keeps an eye on any other element that must be existing in the form of a plot, a descriptive structure, character development, tension building, etc.? "Seed" is full of a fierce movie, inefficient flavor and disabled padding footage. Once I read that "Seed" was the interpretation of the popular popular horror trend of Urdu ball's torture porn flicks, but it did not even close. The film has had some impact on "Saw" and "hostel", but it is essentially a continuous killer and video game violence is the only one-half-dead dull slash. <br /> <br /> Enters the first 45 minutes of "Seed" boring and make sure exactly the obvious things you already know. To see you, Bowle was too stupid to start with a film (hyper-fast) scrolling text, explaining that there is a United States law that claims the prisoners of execution will be freed if their three attempts to electrocryts fail. So you know this will happen later, but still the first three quarters fail to catch a serial killer and bring the electric chair. Seed is a silent serial killer, who supposedly killed 666 victims (too much?), Who wore a bag on his head. He sees footage of cruelty in real life animals (and thus we see footage of cruelty in the real life animals; thanks to Mr. Bowl) and slowly and slowly people in the house slowly tag the video. Finally when he was amazed, most of the amateur and incredible police had never heard of Manhattan's picture and were in a row of execution, the film even got worse. After the grave buried, the electric chair could not make him vacant, Max Seed returned to patronage and suffered a new catastrophe; This time mainly focuses on those who have been arrested and executed. <br /> <br /> The intelligent plot twists and the complete lack of depth of the story of this movie go way ahead to be bad; They are insulting the intelligence of a cruel and intimidating average horror movie. Sub-plot between multiple twists and "seeds" is simply impossible to take by the people's mindful effect because they are too stupid! Nobody believes that police and prison staff will make a mass killer alive without shooting some bullets through his head. Some would admit that an incarcerated criminal could not be found for another six months even though he went straight to the same secret place where he was first caught! "Seed" is full of such annoying little things and the film gets figured with each minute passed. Personally, I acknowledge that Cast and crew members do not even notice it. It really makes you think that the Uwe Bowl simply ignores all the suggestions and criticism and shoots only the movies they want. I imagine his impressive staff such as "Shot Up and Do as You Do" actors, whenever they comment that the scene they are shooting does not make any sense in the sense. <br /> <br /> Just to bother people, there is an exaggerated order where Max's seeds hit an elderly lady with a hammer when she is standing in a chair in the middle of her own living room. Instead of frustration, it was intended as a bowler, this sequence was originally controversial and Wannabe portrayed the entire controversial film. "Seed" is terrible, it's annoying, it's tragic, is it ?? Boll,.
