"National Treasure" (2004) is a completely confusing hajj-pajj of plot fraud, which has been borrowed from almost all the clocks and Daggar government conspiracies which have never been written. How does this picture represent Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that I ask you)? A seemingly normal colleague, who decides to steal a 'national asset' hidden by the United States parents, for any reason other than being a descendant of psychological delusional predatory predators. Some of the humorously played (unknowingly) actors like India Jones, and after the background met with the patriot, this movie becomes a confusing intense after another ?? Trying to reconstruct a 'Stanley Goodspid' in Nicholas Cage and attempting to launch a complete mess with a series of high octane, but isolated corruption. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his fabled crew buried by a king of patriots buried in ransom in some places, and then, under the obvious plans of scattered American currency, director John Turtle Often did not do anything. Did Washington not find good use for such resources at the beginning of the country? Therefore, Ben himself left behind the mystery created by a dirty top spot while recruiting the new custodian of this incomplete property. Ben's intention is noble ?? Confusing She is set to protect the treasure. Who and when ??? Your guess is just like me. <br /> <br /> There are some issues with Ben Crusade. First, his friend Ian Homs (Shen Bean) has decided that he can not wait to fix his mind to steal Ben's declaration of independence from the national archives (oh, yes? Brilliant idea!). Most likely, there is a secret answer behind the famous document. So Ian tried to kill Ben. The attempted murder, of course, failed, if too much melodramatic. It allows Ben to take advantage of the facilities and choose the very best fighter cubes of the archives, Abigail Chase (Dane Kruger). He thinks Ben is clearly a nut ?? At least in the beginning. But true in action / romance form, you can say as quickly as possible, "Hope diamond?" The film comes in full X-file-ish mode, such as the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind the theft, responds in a modest way that leads to multiple layering missions of the Mission Imposboal Memorial Memorial Memorial Memorial. Truly, the guys who never correct the 'intelligence' information? In the final analysis, the "National Treasure" is not a big thing to make, but it is repeating the old bits of other movies, as well as squeezing from the scraps, which is what Isles' Betsy Ross blush. <Br> <br /> The Buen Vista DVD provides much more liberal treatment than this movie. Anomorphic widescreen film shows very rich colors, natural meat tones, very smooth and destructive detail with solid black and clear white color. Stylized images are also faultless and digital enhancement free. The audio is 5.1 and provides an excellent sonic wax on your side and back speaker with intensity and reality. Extra-circulated junky material in the explanation of how the extra film was made and why this movie was made, which is far deeper and top. If we were just as audience, Ben and CO, why did we have more precision. A misleading treasure was behind the followings, this may have been a good flick. Ending with extra theater trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not for the generous heart ?? Just thick head.
