Last night I saw this movie in one of the watchable channels, and while watching it, I'm quick to wonder why I'm bored. All honesty I really wanted more from this film. The 'conspiracy theory' may be something along the lines. Why? Maybe because the cast is cast. I mean, Nicholas Cage and Harvey Kettle, after all. John Voight and Christopher Plummer do not mention. Now I wonder why they are bored? But instead of a mysterious drama with an exploitative step, I was caught in a paste of broken captivating "Ptolee", which seems to have received some wonderful surprises in my wonderful. Probably because it was explicitly targeted towards clear-teen and teen viewers because of 'goons'. Where 'national treasure', judging from previews, was important for appealing to an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Unbelief suspension is one thing. It is how science can suffer and scare. But I actually saw myself resisting the hepating table spoon on the self-respecting and trick-hunter-trick audience. Oh, the seriousness involved with the scriptwriter throws up around all the words for a stimulating motivation. "Wow! The Mrs. Knights Templars. You know, it can be really true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said that the founding fathers hid treasures to protect them from the British! And just came from the Knights Templar? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! This is a long way to explain the end of the revolution in Philadelphia. It was brought by the Napoleonic agents! Anyway, you see what I've got. Premier of the movie is interesting. And I really think it could be successful as a serious mystery drama. But another child gets blurred in upgraded attire. In the end, I think that the audience only seeks not to suspend faith but to give insulting abusive degrees. <br /> <br /> I just finished watching several items by Warner Harzg and Istanbul Szobe. It's a shock to switch from fine dining to Hollywood Big Mac and Fray. <br /> <br /> All right, all right. You'll enjoy 'National Treasure' if you have pants on Chase, Explosion, and 'gee-whiz' gimmickry. But this is the type of movie, well, are you standing outside a movie that the previous audience is waiting to come out? And all the young kids are talking excitedly in themselves and some say, "Wow! Do you see how this thing disappeared? It was very quiet!" That kind of 'National Treasure' movie.
