If there is any indication of this sad excuse for a movie John Carpenter's career is over. His excuse he only produced it. John Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Forest Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Ariely Zawar probably match the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which was a quoet in the type of annexe ramp-model type. Forestry is the most cherished tree. He is the least happy to laugh. On the other hand, two vampire girls are all crashes and accusations. At one stage they are going to give each other's wet kisses, but stop them. How wonderful each set of vampires to set in the season for movie-related vampires. At one stage, Erily Jowar is also giving a very stupid vampire Hunter to the falte, and then he ends his blood during sexual behavior. It was a romantic moment, which was fairly hugely illustrated, and the male actor looked silently, because he saw that the Early Zawar saw his head imitating something that is not very clear. As long as the worm is concerned, some head ruptures and the blood grows a lot. These scenes are such a mystery or build-up that when it happens it's almost funny, and no "awesome" money is paid from the scene. As a member of the audience, what you get is "Wow, it's sure that many colors of red have spread on the walls. I'm surprised that it needs to be cleaned." Throughout the film, these vampire hunters are probably trying to kill Archie Jawar (the world's best vampire?) To reach him. At one point, Forest Jovi went to the abandoned church and shot him with an arrow (and did so on other occasions), he said, "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. Oh ?? Of course, fool Vampire Arri is not saying hello and forest Jovi is again stuck with another blame mechanism. "Why We Can not Be Friends" 1970's Ward hit song was the theme song of this movie. Along with all other stupid moments, there is a flexible sequence when Natasha Wagner has eradicated all her vampire's blood, and the dude began to donate blood for his blood pressure. I think blood type is not important? However, all his vampire's blood was removed. Then Jovi decides that if the blood is transferred to him, he can kill the Alle as a vampire. Of course, the vampire blood is transferred to her, her healthy blood is removed. So, apparently, Forest Jovi is walking in blood almost twice as he may have a man in his body. And just like the first VAMPIRES, it has special effects on vampires-explosion-in-flames.
