First of all, the actor will have to play blue eyes ... half the actors they play in Jewish have blue eyes. There are not enough brown-eyed actors? Being one of my pet peeves being illustrated as having blue eyes on Jesus. He was a bloody Jew! Secondly, what are the old English-language films to speak in English and everyone has English pronunciation? (Another example is David Lynn's "Dr. Javigo".) Are not Jewish actors enough to pronounce Israeli accent? The film is often not true for Scripture, and it seems that Jesus' claim is the validity of the claim of the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus was baptized by John, a voice came from heaven, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). John Baptist is in the movie! The script seems to be trying to portray the believer as a madman. For example, in the Bible, the angel told Gabriel Mary that she would be pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movie we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to be a lunar, and when Mary is with a mother Talking and keeping an eye on him, he does not listen or see. Also, Jesus is talking to the Pharisees of the temple in Jerusalem, and he said, "You will not learn to cry, until you see me here, blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord, I and my Father are one and the same." The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) "Do not tell me until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord.' Jesus never claimed to be God, the film exposes a number of important parts (the sermon on the Mount is expelled too), but then there is a lot of time spent on material that is not in the Bible (talking to a man with Mary Magdalin). It seems like a script writer Either, instead of trying to do the film version of Scripture (and in between) one about what happened behind the scenes The film wanted to make a film - the scene of Jesus 'parable of the son of Prudyagal during the scene says, in Matthew's tax collector's house, I was tears streaming down my face. This is the best movie I've seen about Jesus' ministry (but it does not say much, Because others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" My favorite movie about Jesus' last days S ( "Imitation of Christ" a lot of graphics), even though I ended with the death of Jesus to the "Jesus of Nazareth, Jesus' resurrection like his.
