The scary movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessor but it still has its fun moments. It all started out when running reporter Syndy Campbell televised sweeps out a hard news story in the middle. He soon unveiled a fierce attack of world threatening developments, including Alien Invaders, Killer VideoTap, Strange Crop Circles and many more. Confronting a huge proportion and a crew of a very strange man in his neighborhood, Cindy will have to fight again to stop the temple to accept the world. The plot was a non-issue as the first two were far less plots. At this time, they have been mentioned earlier in the Sines, The Ring, Matrix Reload and 8 miles, as well as many earlier, which are not mentioned earlier. The first one was one of the most fun movies I've ever seen. The second one was not as good but still quite funny. The third one is gentle, but it's nothing special. Let's just say I did not mind seeing it once but I do not want to see it again. The trick is either hit or miss and is fun that usually involves Charlie Shane. The lame ones usually involve Anthony Anderson as he is too overrated. Why is he obsessed to keep throwing because he is not funny Anna Faris gives a fun performance and she is the underlying kind. Simon Rex shows some potential because he was not really bad. Regina is also back as Brenda and she gives a fantastic fun performance. The rest of the rest of the cast was a bunch of prettyo. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson were probably the most fun of all the Cayos. The ring was spoofing at the very beginning and the scene became more enjoyable in the film. Dennis Richards, Queen Latifah, Cameron Mannheim and more. David Zuar ordered and it is not any other aircraft, it is not the daughter of another Mais Bas. The main reason for its strange curiosity analysis is that people want to know whether they are funny or not. Like if you like it before, you probably will not like it a lot. Finally, I found it a little frustrating that the PG-13 rating pattern weakens it but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
