I first hated San-Woo Jang because I felt that he had cheated me. There is the possibility of making strong, deeply emotional films about the impact of sex and its impact on the human body, but instead the primary human element has chosen to focus its power on the pornography material. I could not see the first character and his drunken role, which was the best of amateur and matched films that matched both ?? Yet I have remained in my mind for a few days after seeing this picture. There was no story with me, it was not a character, it was a clear pornographic nature of the film, but the transformation of J and Jang into England. If you look carefully at this movie you will see both of them start at a search stage of their relationship, interested in jumping into unknown, but the next step is not quite sure. When they are happy, then they discover new ways of happiness, they continually jump into attackers and aggressors. Jang initially discovered the idea that the jetty is in control of that situation, and then frustrating, J is reversed when J covered with Y. This is a very small change and it's easy to miss because of the graphic content of this movie, but it's there. When J can not live with Y, it becomes clear, because their meetings become less frequent, and J attempt to become part of the normal society. This image was a huge and very exciting element to look at the right in front of your eyes, but sadly, it was the only element in the film. <br /> <br /> I would say this movie is nothing but pornographic, because the main part of this film has elements of humanity, as they are at least, they are there. This is a movie about an aspect of our life that is rarely searched in the movie or talking on paper. Do you ever know what's behind the door ?? Or so we should believe. Shortly after the law became repetitive, director Jang tried to change it with some constantly changing scenery. Our characters are constantly moving to quench their thirst for each other from hotel rooms to hotel rooms. It's the first fun, but again, the repetitive signs of rust feel exciting and annoying. This brings me to my biggest problem with this movie. There was a great story with Gogitamal of Jung, but where he failed (directly out of the explicit choice of pornographic aspects) he presented the scenes, without changing the number of times and again and again and again and again to know the characters without changing the front of us. Jang going through this movie? Did she want to tell a sexual story, or did she believe what the characters would do? He failed in this sense because at the end of the film we know very little about Y and J, we can take care less about how we can solve ourselves. The attempt to create the final resolution for the two, totally unknown, final solutions for Jung's film, ultimately seems outstanding. Junk needs to give some credit to try, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that were making our personal ingredients, but they could not just be consolidated together. Y's brother and the wife of the wife were those plot points, but again, due to such a strong focus on sexual material, these powerful sub-stories were memorable and dusty in the bottom right. Perhaps I was watching this movie, but outside sex scenes, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and Y and so Gogitamal failed. Finally, I want to say that this film can be benefited from a strong score or a strong music-style material to bring us and the audience closer, closer to J. and Wai felt feeling. From what I can think of, and I try to push this movie far from my mind, I do not remember any music practice. If Jung sticks with the song or does something to give attention to the animals of our character, then Goghmat can be a powerful film. Although I understand that sex itself wanted to say, only one technical element was missing from this movie which lost the desire to become even more powerful. Technically, it was a poor film. Clearly, an independent film of nature, it was also felt that the director Jong was trying to do nothing other than symbolic references instead of your own freedom of this nature. I did not see a social message or human element as mentioned above, I felt that he threw this movie together in two weeks and understood that the sex would sell it. It was not a Larry Clark production; This was a sub-par and stronger than the final release, it needs more technical clicks! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I could have liked this movie and had small elements I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie played much more towards Tabos instead of running, repetitive, and breaking them. When we are aware of the title of this film, the last scene of this film can be seen by the obvious loss of the film. Our characters were unrecognized, our story was adopted, and we could use something memorable about what was happening between Y and J something more symbolic than sex. To me, are you trying to capture the art house to meet jung pornography ?? And it sadly failed. It was not a film that evaluated time and effort. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** ***** Outside
