Here's what? I'm telling you This is the presence (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but perhaps it's a great star with some good movies, which is not one of them. He did nothing here before or after that anything. So do not mention (literally!) (Steve McQueen) playing the same role because I do not want to take this comparison to the first place. I'm not a big fan (even Kim Basinghera) is a fan, he has got a lot of bad movies on him and even looks at his best! And whenever they talk about her seductive rare beauty, then I get my nerves !? Well, if you are a blonde, then if someone is drunk, I'll paint my hair yellow as soon as possible! And what about all the madness by missing the legs of basing ?? !! Is it certainly madness or bad taste? I do not see them as both sexy, but UGLY too! And if you hate it then shoot me but you know what? I just saw this movie so I'm already dead! Still, do you really feel helplessly that the credit goes to someone who is most deserving? And of course I can say (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're talking about genuinely seductive chickens such as an unforgettable body and a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) like Mohan is a unique sense but more healthy !! (I can not help it, he was the only new and worthable thing here!). (Michael Madsen) Bad guy was very attractive and more effective than a good son, (James Woods) is here to summarize the initial events by the pool (so the trailer is in his voice!) And he knew that all of this is the whole element of Hollywood so "do your thing Take your cash and wish the good luck as an actor in other movies! " This edited film gives a great personality with a violent atmosphere, with the help of tolerant light movies. Its main content (action, thriller, ..) has been made here and fairly well, although do not wait for a deep echo (cheating type) as an original dramatic motif of the whole thing, so no echo is so powerful. Okay, this is not something other than anything else (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!) So I think I have tried to do as much purpose as possible, so I'm not asking to finish my review (Basinger's) or anyone here has done well. Than that .. It would be dishonest because really ... something better than this movie!
