I can understand what I'm trying to achieve Barney, but I did not think I was sitting in the last night in a college college but it seems to be the end of it? A very long and ponderous two hours and fifteen minutes. I just saw a part of Crymaster 3 in the DVD and thought what I wanted to expect. That said, such small experiments in this experimental film are well digested. There are some beautiful / awesome images with title sequences (no fun), but if you expect a plot or money, then you are on a long, snooze-educating ride. I'm awake to the whole thing (if it's a complimentary) but not much, I was waiting for some kind of meaning or description ... big mistake. The image collection includes a very decorated gift wrapping ceremony, which is made of a junky slab made of a cookie cutter and a scraped dishes (it is given on the crew of the ship, which is shown throughout the film), it is located in a center A big blueberry cheese with a dandruff and a magician and director Matthew Barney The mutual deportation of which eventually ends up in some malicious forms of communication, then they are transformed into animals like the wallets. . Beautiful and annoying at the soundtrack ... sometimes even maddening. Once upon a time, Bazore's song sang in order to take away poorly played songs, and at other times there is a high-drag machine constant drone that we see a mysterious woman playing the movie and the end. It does not sound like it is not the wisdom, that is not the reason! If this sounds like your tea cup, then you absolutely will love it! If something that you think you might not like, stay away from it, because you walk out of the theater at half the mark like most of the people in the screening. It is very definition of an art film. What do you get from it? But otherwise, there is nothing other than some strangeity and constant construction and deconstruction style. I'm happy that there is a place for such movies, but I can not say that I want to sit again. However, I can not say that I do not want to start from the beginning of Barney Kremster's movies and compare it with. I think, maybe now I can hope for something better that I want to expect. This type of understanding of the film gives you an idea of ​​how to snatch the stone, but perhaps it would be better. Then again, it might have been felt as much as twice as much, and then it would have really earned the scholar. Certainly not for everyone.
