Winter Kills is a terrible, inconsistent and highly frustrating conspiracy the comedy-thriller, who is at least from director William Richter. While watching the film, I honestly felt that I was the emperor of the classic Fablebel the Samarrs New Cloth. The film feels foolish to me, because I could not make pieces into pieces and non-gnocational characters. But I think this picture is ticking my brain. So I finally stuck with it, hopefully the whole mess will open up the mess. Then I realized ... this movie has been proven to be sopin, senseless and unreasonable, because it is the whole point. This conspiracy theorists and the theorists use a knot of the plot used by the metaphor to define a satirical look, the orthodox truths, half truths and false conspiracies. Even when I was joking on, I still considered winter kicks as a horror movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kagan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of former President of the United States. Kill Philadelphia Nick was present when a dead man claimed that he shot the president and gave detailed information on keeping the gun hidden. Nick follows the formula, but people seem to die every step in a mysterious way of helping him. Also, his father Peter Kagan (John Houston), an obscene and ugly wealthy businessman, interferes with Nick's investigation. He deeply entered the murder, and realized that he was coming to a web of complex lies and red springs, where nothing seems to be seen and no one can believe it. <br /> <br /> is not worth trying to follow a nasty nightmare, and many ways deliberately tangles up itself that are mentioned earlier. Casts are packed with extraordinary talents but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifun has a brief and most continuous cameo role in the history of the film; Elizabeth Taylor appears strangely and does not have single line of dialogue; Richard Boone is considered to be an interesting role, but his character does not go anywhere. John Houston has the best role as the strongest father and provides the film's few fun moments with his acerbic delivery. Anthony Parkins also gets a vague role and it manages to manage well, although the screen of her screen is much smaller to complete justice. Some nudity and sex scenes are not considered for any real reason and they are quite graphic and they can appeal to the voiceless, they are actually involved in any other film. The semi-comic climax of the film is extraordinary and frustrating, but incomprehensiblely incomprehensible in its peculiar little way. There is obviously a civilized audience for winter killers ... but I will not count my own number.
