To improve the off-road power of Maxwell Automobile, Nail Shipman has to pay a lot of money. The film's plot is quite simple, the Nell has played a writer whose author has bad cases of block and requires inspiration, so he traveled to Mexico to exploit the atmosphere. There he meets the hero (Bart van Tuiel), who is a horse who loves to drive instead of riding a horse. Nel is meeting with her father's colleague in his mining camp, a gang of local robbers kidnaps him and brings him to a deep camp. The hero will get his fast, so he decided to run there in his car. This takes a strange turn where. In the greater part of the film, we saw the car struggling to overcome the obstacle, to see that Burt came forward to run every underground imaginable, huge stones, small streams, heavy brush, straw tree stamps, steep waves. Now remember, this is not a modern day ATV, it's a 1920 Maxwell automobile, so it shows too many places like off-road cars. And this is clearly the limitation of facing some terrain, we see it stuck more than once in this movie. But filmmakers make it intriguing and finally try to overcome all the obstacles. Once the hero reaches the camp, and rescues the girl, he jumps in the car with him and runs to the races, and at this moment it becomes strange to me. This car should have enough time to catch the bars, gradually rolling over huge stones, moving in jackfruit and mountain brush, moving forward to reach the speed of the fallen tree and moving forward to get back. But we never believe that this anger goes all night, even though they do not. And in a stupid measure, the car gets up on the hill, and helps the nail and puts a huge stone next to crush the barbarian who follows the hero. Seeing this movie you think the army should invest in the 1920s Maxwell automobile has clearly mastered off roads compared to Hammers and Bradley Tanks. Just watch this movie for this humor, it's just going to raise Nell to the car grill and it means "You've made your best, bold little car"
