I'm surprised by the number of positive comments I've garnered here in this rogue film - to make up the working audience in a movie. I can not credit it, I can not help but be suspicious, in that case, critics who are pushing Oscar Benning to Oscars for personal critics; The kitchen ceiling hole may be more appropriately responsible for chewing in its view. She is a wonderful actress but it is an unfortunate inconsistent performance that surrounds the essential screenplay of the essential film actors and it will be conducted during the time of the evil spirits created by the movie. [<br /> <br /> I do not want to blame Miss Benning or most other actors (Well, there is no excuse for Gwyneth Paltrow doing his unclear work), but it's a terrible adaptation, a classic case of wrong translation (I guess ready I did not read the book and I do not think I'll go later). This script starts with us in the midterm / confusion of unnecessary behavior and with extreme emotional fingers, who have not been able to develop relationships with each other. It quickly becomes a tsunami-like attack that confuses letters and audiences in the same way, and shakes my head at the end of my repetitive episode to save me. Shock and surprises will describe my reaction in violent, reaction between bimetal mood and stagnant sensitivity, which is one of the most annoying, impressive, droning soundtracks I've heard - which are not being set in all these fossilized inconsistent tones - know the things of time , But with a wonderful disregard for the voice of the scene Acita. <br /> <br /> I do not know how this beautiful cast is mixed - I can not believe they saw the screenplay before signing. They are certainly applying their skills with the commitment - I'm sorry for Saddled with a cartoon bag lady costume for Jill Clebert and waig trying to vainly try some wrench for sketchy and clichéd dialogue. On the contrary, somehow Alex Beldwin is consistent, different, the elements above to provide real performance. Can anyone give this person a major role in the substance? And Rachel Evan Wood - or how Joseph Feenz? You think the industry can make good use of it and without the turmoil like the Elliot Gould in MAHH. <br /> <br /> my vote? A standup turd, okay, but no link with heaven.
