Johnathan Franks is a good actor and, when he is not directing a family film, a fine director. However, he certainly could not manage this film and scrapple was supposed to be canceled. Directors and writers must understand what the original TV show really was and how the characters worked and how they worked. There are many episodes of razor-sharp writing using good conversations in the original series, and in such situations that American producers will never consider children programming in the film, the film is very rare, that the original series is produced by adults, the original series. I mean, Tracy was a graduate of college and some of them drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And, the letters were those who died, though the worst ones were. If they have done this as basically as written, which does not spoil the following things with poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and poor conspiracy, this universal / studio canal joint venture will not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This motion picture is almost perfect condemnation. If you've seen the original Supermoron series, you know what I'm saying! <br /> <br /> The first place that was out and boring was the constant reference of the Ford Motor Company, even Lady Penelope frequently sings in Ford Thunderbird, which is the Fable 1 Miss Penelope station (not to mention more faithful to the original), Rolls What should be used instead of being more fit by considering the FO-1-Royce FAB-1. He is supposed to be a prominent member of the British society, hence the priority of making England's best cursor in the original series. Another reviewer here said that Penelope would not be dead on Ford. He is right about the context that Ford does not have the idea of ​​his horse. At least they could have traveled to Penglou like a jaguar made in Jaguar, which is a British car in Jaguar owned by Ford, but not! They had to use Ford straight! But the Ford product placement does not end there. You can see each single car a Ford! Even the news flash that was shown on the TV sets of the film was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, Ford! Ford vehicles mainly makes this film a clear marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> There was a design of the original series which was a future for the 1960s and even earlier today. However, the future design of the original series worked because the design was thought to be practical and functional. Such treatment was not present in the film, where everything was decorated in extra form, defeating the effectiveness and effectiveness of functioning. A lot of what was done in the film design was done strictly for style, which could give a sense of reason to the style without much sense of function. <br /> <br /> Voices merit performances bring their lives to episodes to overcome limited expressions in populations, depending on good acting. The bright and vivid music score by Barry Gray helped add more to the audience, how to combine characters, characters, and super goals (little bit of Stanislasky's conversation). On the other hand, the movie had some overly grating performance. Anthony Edwards overplayed a screwed brain, as Jack Tracy did not work despite Bill Paxton acting (one of the few), had better choice for the hood than Ben Kingsleyley, and many others that I would not mention (it would take a very long time). Quite simply, dolls were more credible! The second is more like Hans Geisma's more generic and abusive music score, plus words like "Thunder Day" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course, the hood. The original series had the ability to communicate with Kirano through a statue of Kiranoo as an outlet for the contact of the Eud of the Hood. But, where his extraordinary power is over. He is a master of disguise and deceit, which, in his own way, allows him to tear the information about Thunderbird (often in an unknown way) to collect information. He used weapons for his defense, including pistols and usually collected information using film cameras, although in the 1960's, United Artists tried to steal Thunderbird 1 and 2 for the publication of "Thunderbird 6" (which was featured in the last Thunderbirds show Supermarionation and the second Thunderbird Theater Was released). However, when he is a generosity of international rescue, the Hood does not have a villain in each Thunderbirds episode and he avoids direct confrontation with international rescue. In film, he is probably the main villain, but he and his colleagues seem to work on the strength of the control of the mind, and the ability to move objects and work as a dead body with short-flight flight. It completely breaks off from the Hood as a character in the original series, which laughs kids and shakes the head or hates the theater in confusing people with seriousness. There are more criticisms, but the 1000 word limit for IMDB reviews will not allow me to list them all. So, I stopped the point that I could not enjoy this movie. I really think it sucks! Looking at the original series and superarmainment movies (Thunderbirds C Go, Thunderbird 6), I'm expecting something much better than this. <br /> <br /> The original supermorrion was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action. Farce (And that's saying it nicely.) - Kip Wales
