I'm writing a 6th grade reading phase with the lack of understanding of books and research in science, technology, and politics - I'm not a fan behind the book series left. Books will remain faithful to the scriptures, while their method of fulfilling the prophecy is often ridiculous (an example is to explain them to the Russian / Arab attack of Israel). Also, the book will offer an undisclosed sermon or policy advice, to turn the tone off of good buses, instead of bringing their gospel instead. Nevertheless, I saw myself reading these books because I was interested in the revelation. For the same reason, I saw this film adaptation. I'm sorry to say that this is an intermediate film on the border of the poor. Actually acting poorly and rather modest for the most part with a little bit of extra acting. The script is rather bad, although it is rarely unexpected when it starts with a novel as a foundation. Characters are poorly painted and adopted. Feeling scattered and isolated in the event. The conversation sometimes sounds. At least, the book led to the muscle theory of the plot of hockey. Here, the viewer is left with a contradictory mess that only makes much sense if one reads a book. The film's pensing is rarely open and it is executed very badly with conclusion, and it reaches a sharp slower pace, which it feels padded. Music is schizophrenic. Occasionally, it predicts the mood and fitting words for a motion photo. At another moment, it reminds me of the sitcom and mini-series music. And yet other bits remind me of a paste MTV soundtrack that is not just included in the movie. I can give movie points for panic scenes on board the plane, but that's it. Other scenes involving disaster after the Rapture are far from mandatory. The film is also suffering from the book campaign, although its message is not like your face. Above all, I found the movie as frustrating as the series is available. This movie is not about rallying Christianity around this. I hope this picture will not get any attention next year in the theater. It would be more unnecessary bad promotion for Christians. An example of a compulsory, intelligent, well-educated series based on the revelation that represents a realistic and Christian world view by insulting a secular reader (to all those who are trying to reach Christian) by Christ Jesus Christ in the Clawson Trilogy BeauSeigneur This is a great read and a good choice for the praise of unbeliever or believer who appreciate it.
