It's been seen for the first time, so I saw it again with the second film in the series. Although I realize that I have not yet seen the third movie, I will review it under the main title ... <br /> <br /> From the point of view of production costs, screenwriting and filmmaking, although this movie fails on many levels It is as good as anything else. What can you expect from a low budget, "B" movie? Not more, and it works from product perspective. However, the writing must be of course non-letterhead, very rarely with the development of the character ... if I have a movie agenda, what I hope is exactly right. I did not have a problem with acting ... throwing is hard; However, the artists of both films give the actors a little chance to expand themselves. Since this movie is "Christian", so it is predefined, because you can not very well describe the violent chaos of "last time" even after breaking the morals associated with Christianity very well. In other words, when the mistake turns into a G-rated film, the content will be R-rated even with the most conservative of even biblical explanations and even a measurement. So, if the purpose of the film is to frighten people with Christian beliefs then the film should be a bit awkward, is not it? However, without commenting on the book or without a series of books, you can not comment on a movie adaptation. Certainly there is a large number of Christian content that can be made in movies ... but not the "left-out" series ... and these films fail in the end because, among the best vendors, they have a poorly written novel based on bad theology. <br /> As a South Baptist minister, I acknowledge that the book was guilty of me, even though I could not finish the last two books in the series. I have described them as genuine fiction, and if the books consider the view that it is a "possibility" or explanation of the Bible's eschatology ("the last study"), then I can live with it. , This series is divided into Christian circles because it explains the "classical" explanation of all scriptures above the more appropriate medicines. Of course, this refers to the point of view of the "pre-tribal, pre-mensial" rule, a powerful God in the world of mankind. In other words, as I have always said, God does not need our helicopter and bombs to do our final work. But many people, especially uneducated Christians, can not think beyond themselves. The world-view is left with the fundamental conservative, fundamentalist attitude of our Bible explanation, and it tries to push it as "mere" explanation. So, the books carry them with the agenda, "missing" for understanding, there is not much that they need for Christ, but the fundamentalist view is the only legitimate way to understand the Bible. In the second novel, I remember a memoir of reading very clearly (a few years ago), where the characters mentioned a person who "left behind" for his absurdity from this point of view. Perhaps the other eschatology could not hold "real" Christians worthy as "raptured". It is annoying for a number of reasons, because one of the "laziness" is mentioned only in the Bible and it is related to reality, the last-time prediction is always neutral. <br /> <br /> But the real problem comes with the book that they divide Christian communities and how they represent "true" Christian behavior. Finally, I think they make more people harder rather than convincing people to believe in religion / religion. Even though there is a religious room for the wide variety of beliefs between Christian thought and practice, it turns all Christians into a comedy, equally disrespectful and frustrated. As a Christian clan, we have done enough damage to society in 2000 years of history ... and of course, we do not have to preach to thousands of people, perhaps millions of <<br> "In this way," left-handed "films have failed because the" left-handed "books are not worthy of interpretation in the film.
