The Legend of Bloody Jack has been installed in the Alaskan Wilderness and some killers have been identified as the relatives of deceased Apostolic Lubrazack, in an effort to resurrect him, the incantation (The Evil Dead (1982)) from the ancient spell book has been successful, and he has not been successful and the family unity is a The big believer Lumberjack dude killed his relative. Two days later and her sister Don (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonakosi) and Ray (Treviss Quantin Young) show up outside of a Kogy Log Cabin (The Evil Dead Style ...) with four of his friends. See a relaxing holiday in the desert. Unfortunately, the murderer Lümber Jack Dude show has come up with his ax and starts killing a friend together. <br /> <br /> It is a surprisingly modern modern slash by editing, written, executive producer and managed Tod's Portugal, flick by the likes of losing the scary section for me, I'm not a big fan of the horror films of the budget with excessive production values ​​of the holiday video. The script is absolutely terrible for 80 seconds, every bad slash in it's cliché, the character is horrific, the dialog is terrible and it's hard to take care of anyone or anyone with this outstanding excuse for a tin slash movie. Thirteen are more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is more stupid, expected and flawed than usual and the killer Lumberjack Dude only has hair. Then there is a final 10 minutes or more, if you do it so far and believe that it has become difficult, it produces the worst winding up in the history of snow, which makes fun of my concern audience. Just had to sit through 90 minutes worth of shit. I'll spoil the end so nobody wants to know that it stopped reading now. Actually, at the end of the film it came back immediately after saying a story and it is seen that the story we have seen is telling the story and Nick and Dawn and everyone else gave them semen to tell such bad stories (I felt them pain) and then Go ahead and pick up the holes. Saying why they stood up and argued why they picked up and did not pick up such things, I felt that it was fun to the audience because they were the bad things that I was asking myself. It shoved down my throat and made the manufacturers clear that the manufacturers had the strap that the script was and was able to see all the holes in it and ended up in a twist which unashamedly rubbishes 80 minutes before (which is OK to remember) just a little grating. Then, after adding insult to injury to the father of Loumab, he killed everybody in two minutes, why he could not start? It could save everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> Director Portugal has turned into a real witch, I have shown the worst continuity of any film in the night and in the day. The whole picture is set in the night and I suspect the makers use the night process for the day but it does not work, and most of it seems to be set in the day. For example, Lisa looks at the trap in the bathroom and she comes up from the window. When we look outside from inside the bathroom, the outside becomes clearly black, but when it falls to the ground and shades out from an external shot, there is a bright sunrise. Even then, Ranger Vince says that we can not find a search party until the morning till the morning, after a few minutes after that, when he goes out and thinks that in the middle of the day he actually carries a torch clearly and he clearly points out Where he looks like it's night. At any time there is a scene set in the face of the Windows cabin, it turns out black and when it starts with a ring door it is another clear example. The continuation of this movie is the worst I've ever seen. There is a lot of grave, there are few scenes of an ax in the bodies of people, but there is nothing memorable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere, and the continuity of the day and night is so confusing that it is very clear. <br /> <br /> This film is technically diminished, but it has been consistent between night and day. Believing how bad it is believed it is. Special effects are poor and it is very important for the plot, but they can not even afford to miss a car. This is all hours of writing amateur hours from the beginning to the beginning. Acting should be absolutely brilliant and everyone should be involved Oscar, not just to be fun, they were not really terrible and even the girls who found out their breasts did not see very well. The legendary Bloody Jack of the <br /> <br /> is simply a horrible teen slicker flick, it seems to have been shot in Camcoder without using a tripod or stadicam, it has a terrible effect, it's annoying and it's a rough ending to a horror movie The most insulting in history or I found it totally wrong and it is the most clever. Not recommended, a decent slash in the 70s or 80s reminds you of how they should be done.
