I went to a video store and found some horror movies about 30 minutes later, I just came in a few minutes. I included "Pro Life" and "Dight Right" which stumbled on "Horses Masters". They seem okay, same old chessy shirt, but I was interested in some reason. It tells Pro-life about being a classic, the return form for John Carpenter (I like his "Thing", so I thought it would be better) and all of that. So I thought it would be great and interesting, I was very wrong ... it was a casual start, just a girl was going to forest, some were scared. A car stopped and lifted it (just like the people wanted to see him, amazing?) They took him to some clinics and examined him, all this happened in the contemporary times his father appeared at the door and they did not allow him, he was near the area Not loudly. Perhaps he is probably from what he wants to do in the past, but at the moment you do not know about it. She really does not want her daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is firmly convinced against such activity, believes that it is sick and that "God" is not what he wants. It is called "pro-life" that supports "I support". Extremely hard to work against abortion and to give birth to babies, they are sick Do they not like the life of an unborn child, whereas they have given permission to give birth in the past? Justice is just a figment of mind. However, on the back of the track, the girl is examined after they find Shes pregnant, but much ahead of what she will be. She was pregnant for only a few weeks, but months ahead. He tells them that they do not understand him, and he wants a miscarriage and all, but finally tells the truth that he was raped by a monster from hell, and his father wants this child (but believes that "god" wants this child , Who really are not). He gets 3 of his people (they arm themselves with pistols and shotguns), and they start losing in the clinic (no one will not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who had problems with them in the past, this time is well prepared. Lastly killing the father's son, but eventually shot several times (wearing bullet proof jackets). Then she believes that she did what she did to women. She cut a hole, where we would be a woman, and she needed some kind of shrimp and removed all these blood. Although all this is happening, the girl gives birth to a few demotic babies with a lot of feet, and some daemons are born in the lower part of the world (not in the same room) and they start searching for her child. The father later saw this, and started questioning about what happened, he did what he said and did not understand why it is so. Dunn had killed his two sons before, and now he goes to his father ... When the girl kills the child, Daeman carries him (not in the same view) <br /> <br /> Yes, it is probably quite calm, and a thriller Horror movie, but it is not. The performance is terrible and lack of enthusiasm, the script is not annoying and even creative, they choose the wrong characters and are not even made on them; Just keep everything together, all the small parts, even something cool, do not waste time. I will not classify it as horoscope, although it contains elements of Horror, but eventually they fail to try and succeed. It felt more like "early" short-movie than John Condor. <br /> <br /> Sorry for lack of information and detailed review, I do not have time to waste some time for some exciting writing. Sorry also if my spelling and detail are incorrect, I could not really bother researching anything.
