I like the movie about the UFO, because of this, when I was a child recently in the late 1970s, after watching it, I decided to resume Ayes back on the stars. And now I'm compelled to write a review about it because I'm afraid I'll start forgetting everything about it. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it is very neutral and non-encrypted. The story is sorta striking but flat. The actors are good but their role is annoying and a little confusing. FX is very lady but I can ignore something compelling the movie, which, unfortunately, it's not the same. <br /> <br /> There is also very little violence and no nudity which makes the Italian science-forum truly curiosum in the 1970s, because in the decade of the decade, the ten countries that made Italian films made from general movies If there is a thing that separates, then there will be surprising amounts of violence and sex. Unexpectedly enough, due to the complete lack of drying ingredients, the EBTS rests outside the contract. I do not even know if I can be seen as appreciated. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think there is more violence and some sexes for EBTS that can be spiced because it is very serious and dry. And special effects are not that special. <br /> <br /> The story is really interesting This is a combo of X-files and Antonio Bloop: A photographer captures the alliance in the film during the country's fashion fashion shooting. The aliens know that they have been caught in the film and they are going to abduct the photographer and a model, and later destroy any evidence of their presence in the world. It starts when the model matches a person recently in the abducted photographer apartment (it is taken just before the kidnapping itself). The person does not have any negative negative knowledge and takes anything negative and leaves. The whole story is that this man wants to know more about aliens and secret detective groups who want to get a hold of negatives. The film is mostly the center of the annoying political conspiracy, spy vs. spying. The UFO component of the story is almost indispensable and can easily be replaced by a cold war McGuffin. But behind the back of the star, lazy, it is similar to many x files! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. However, the best thing in EBTS is the PV shot, which is vague and functional. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including fellow looking alien. <br /> <br /> Although I was mostly negative about this film, I still enjoy it. I still think of effective advertising campaigns when I saw it as a child. And I'm the owner of the video. The film can be much more if it is done properly. Okay good
