Sometimes a film that comes along is unique. Unfortunately, this is a unique film for a different type of film, The Nocturne Picker, I have seen any film, unfortunately for The Nocturne Picker and for myself I have been brutally created. Read and be clear to everyone ... The National Picker, it is commonly known, although it was apparently under the title of The Changers, but an inferior shot from the American city starts somewhere, on the street and in the factory, such as the opening credit game . When the Notrecer Picker starts right, the visitor gets acquainted with Joe Bukowski (Karl Jesrich), a real sufferer, who is 40 years old, he lives in a small apartment in his own house where he watches TV, eating a cow's meat, and eating dog meat. He hears the old vinyl record to dance with the blow of rubber sex dolls. Joe likes teenage girls, has her own clothes, but enjoys more realistic things. However, Joe does not tempt any of his youngsters to come out with him, or do anything else with him, being an ugly head. A lucky day saw an old homeless Vietnam vet (Horoscope) Joke seeing the pain and pain (actually he told Joe to hate a teenage girl) and decided to help him. He taught Joke from Voetnam's 'Gook' that talks about a revival that he would transform Joe's look into what he likes. He calls a process morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that 'if you make it too much, it makes you crazy.' That night Joe decides to try something, in a public place on a substance to do it. Joe says a few words, is a very silly dance and starts yodeling. The Joe London Bridge has suddenly ended, listen suddenly, listen, I'm not even making it. At first Joe apparently disappointed when nothing is important. Joe tried to buy a pornographic magazine to console himself, but Clark (Kevin Devoy) refused to sell a little girl. Joe, the bright spark that he realizes, has happened, and his father asks him to buy it and find his way out. Joe, who now has his changed arrogant Josephine (Anne Flood) said that he knows direct possibilities and heads for the local high school. Joe became a student of four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cumming), Kris Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Greig) and Brenda Karne (Aime Maolinarro) while she was in her disguise. In the school, only the sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicky Hollis) asked. At first Joe seems quite innocent, he just wanders like girls' toilets and stuff. But soon things changed as the rebel Brenda murdered. Jennifer's father Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner), a detective group with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Circle) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Allen), is a detective group. He is responsible for surviving the responsibility of killing the patient's friend. Joe Strike again? The IMDB listing for The Nominate Picker is wrong, I have seen it just a few hours ago and it is explicitly said that it was directed by Mark Nouieki and it was definitely co-producer and certainly Patrick J. Matthews is not co-promoted as a producer and credited as a credit. Cinematographer, it does not make much difference and although Matthews might be more happy to take 'credit' for making this piece of shit. Anyone involved with the creation of the National Picker should not be allowed to go anywhere near the camera. The National Picker is one of the worst movies I've seen easily, and is saying something like that. It is utterly terrible in every possible way imaginable. The script written by Steven Hajj is envious, the development of any descriptive structure, excitement, excitement, drama, character and what is happening is the fact that the mind is misconstrued in the brain. The plot of plot and chains in Nashik picker is completely stagnant. The scene where Joe finds out and finds prostitution (Steven Andrews), really a man and Joe pushed him back behind his apartment with two apartments. The next scene when Transvestiteites report the incident to the police, it is written silently and laughs me mentally in the dialogue. I hated the end, it was not just expected, but it kept the door open for a sequel, I was only concerned about the psychological shudder! On a technical level, the National Picker is awful, points and hope photography, soft and inappropriate music, forgotten locations, bad editing (Brenda dies in the kitchen, but his blood is clearly splashed on the TV screen), something I've played the worst and too The annoying special effect is that the rubber fingers cut a few, a thin throat and a quick scene where Joe did Friend eats meat. Cast and crew working on the Notifier Picker do not come with any surprises for any IMDB credits before or after. Even at 76 odd minutes, the Nashric Picture is far away and really boring for sitting. I could not have gone through the whole day, how bad I was, I really could. One thing I can not fully work on, is that all the filmmakers? The National Picker is indeed a unique movie, which is unique in its dilemma and ineligibility. In the case of National Picker I hope it will be unique, saying that this is not the worst movie I've ever seen but it's definitely closed. Of course one should avoid.
