Bo Derek may not have been in his career, he did not allow his late husband to accept him as his manager. It's a real shame, true direction and the right part (see "10"), okay ok. He will not win any of his best prizes, but he is not worse than an actress who has made it bigger in the last 15 years or seen himself alone. But the problem arose, John was determined to run a wave made of his face in the 10th decade, the bot was "the most warm woman in America", "sex symbol of the 1980s," "perfect 10". The problem is, in John's hands, this wave simply crashes with a severe strain within a few years. Maybe he knew his limitations as an actress, perhaps he played for him, who focused on his body, not acting skills. But it got old real fast. It does not help anybody that John and Bo Derek films are really bad. And badly adored by Edgar Rice Burru's literary icon, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of Apps. <br /> <br /> Do you know what's the worst? This photo is annoying! Make me laugh, you and me cadie, just do not bother me. Even B's stunning looks and images can not stir up any interest, and of course it is made around the film. Richard Harris (God blesses his soul, he and Bov in front of him was in BTC) and hammer it and make his view at least a little interesting and Miles O'Cheff creates a physically influential Tarzan. Maybe the smiling picture may have been the last smile hit by the critics of a ton of poisonous poison, Miles went to a strong career as a B-movie cinematic, in films that were not great art, but it's a million times more fun. But from that, it's the body of Bo, and you can see it long ago to do more with it. There is nothing more than Arz man Tarzan. John Derek was really a dynamic actor he was not a director. He must stay with his strength. This picture unfolds at a numbingly slow motion and nothing really happens in action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was all about excitement and fulfillment and fun (who does not want to be so looking like, Chasteful, strong and good Lord Greystoke?)! You get anyone here See it, and you will waste 107 minutes of your life. Second thought, you could come away with a valuable lesson, how does anyone handle the movie career. <br /> <br /> Po Derek is just like my book though. John stood up to the day of his death, a real love of animals and nature, and even the spotlight shows a canal in his time. She has proven that she does not want her to be a lot of dumb blonde. If Tarzan and Bolero could survive then he could have survived. So come back po, all are forgiven. <br /> <br /> And as an aside, what is the life of a short-story wrestler who strikes Strive Strong who plays the same Steve as Steve Strong?
