Definitely one of the classic ill-advised in the history of the film - especially its tag line commitment, "our most beautiful woman among the most loving courage of all time", is not even properly exploited! Although my childhood in this film around my neck on TV on a regular basis was shown, but this prejudice (horrors for the boyfriend of nine, in the heart) me away from here is - and I'm just glad I recently b guys have enjoyed the previous films, 10 (1979) , And seeing many fantastic stuff as well as on Christmas time. Lead actress <br /> <br /> / producer Bo Derek-Ish sexual innocent schoolgirl, but absurd (witness) unexpected art scene) and, as was expected, he had to get her clothes several times, but as these views are welcome here Was more than 10 sensual; Richard Harris shouted the scenery as Jane's strange explorer, but John Philip Law just registered as his colleague who showed some initial interest in humbly knowing; Newcomer Mills O'Fafer has a title role, and he only made 45 minutes of his film entrance, completely silent except for his famous Yaddel (which is probably raised from Johnny Weasmular). And even more than one half of the irrelevant photo, he is hanging from the regular break in the break! For the record, he later starred in two ATOR films for Joe Di Amato and King Arthur-era set, Sword of the Valiant (1984) (or Kane Emmett). <br /> <br /> An actor, director John Derek (who works as the artist himself) some of the best filmmakers (Cecil B. de milla, William diyetara and Robert Rosen) and some great people (Auto priminyera, Nicholas Ray and Don) Sejel) But he clearly learned Gilk from them because his side is a major responsibility: slow technique and the Buddha of the Chess transition Occasionally boring with excessive use of time (witness to the horrific Python attack sequence of the past); Derek's seventh movie as this director was (and his wife was second with Bae) and finally, he would only get two more. /> <br /> The film only by the complete failure <br minor needs to be dealt with once more in the film was actually tarajana legend - gristaste: tarajanera legend, Lord apps (which, surprisingly enough, I have not seen yet) - just three years After !! Nominated for the award six ryajira (John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles ophaphapha), and won himself rebate for guys, tarajana, co-author of the APE was basic Gary Mann, the future director of the signing of another highly anticipated but disappointing end to end (this time Animated) Heroic Image, Silver Screen of the Universe Master (1987), which I currently review (eg) Boo! টারজান এবং জেন একটি অরং-উটানের সাথে প্রায় বাজানো এবং একটি মিউজিক স্কোর যা আসলে অর্ধেক খারাপ নয় এবং উপলক্ষ্যে বেশ উত্সাহিত করে এমন একটি দুর্দান্ত বন্ধকী ক্রম সত্ত্বেও, কোনও বঞ্চিত ভাল উদ্দেশ্যগুলি একেবারে নিখুঁত ক্লাইমেক্স দ্বারা পরাজিত হয়, যা সম্পূর্ণরূপে বো আঁকতে থাকে। White and, fierce, John Derek closes himself as an indispensable character in his own self-titled film, which is spontaneous in the character of the Tarzan character!
