Another proof of how difficult it is to take "Jane Eyre" on screen from the production of Susanah York and George C Sketts in 1970, and how many mistakes can be made in this case. It is true that there is a movie of relocation in DVDs - Basically, a few scenes have been fixed in a small size and have been edited so badly that there is a continuation gap between continuous continuity and knowing about Rochester and also in the middle of the sentence! But if the editing is good then the movie will not be. The script is bad, the character screenplay is false in the novel, and almost all the actors are misconstrued. As a result, there is no sense of showing the adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's novel. The problem is that only a few scenes can not be shortened or omitted - for the sake of these little adaptations - but the remaining scenes do not hold the idea of ​​voice, soul, atmosphere and novel. <br /> <br /> This is where Irene left the GateSheed for example, and the load started with Jane's arrival. Although it is perfectly correct, some scenes should be left inevitably, it does not realize that rather than using time (say so) and draws closely to Zenne's friendship with Helen, Helen's influence is for the development of Zen, she taught him that in Christian stoicism The lecture, which focuses on Helen's physical ill-treatment almost exclusively in the film Adaptation is driven by the peculiar extreme. The pain that Helen has been described in the novel is bad enough, but here Miss Scachard is portrayed as a rogue prison ward, who deliberately wants Helen to run on premature death. And this is all about what's happening at the load. If you compare with profound effects, Zen has spent years in the novel, only one can regret that the film does not touch the special episode of Zen's life. And the problem around this adaptation: it is apparently visible from the scene, often without restriction, and does not even come near the essence of the novel. Conversations are a diverse mix of lines and lines created by the novel that combines too much, and the scenes of Jane and Rochester are so small that love just divides the screen together at 5 minutes, and in little conversations their luminosity, intensity, and conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel Nothing interesting. But the script writer Brant's language did not ruin discrimination, but still he could destroy his moral character with only one sentence. When Rochester and Jane went to see Rochester's wife after marriage, Rochester said: "Yet I love him (his wife) because I love you now." The complete moral concept of the novel is true that Rochester is indeed innocent of a casual plan and he is trapped to marry a crazy woman, and does not try to find a real life partner, if it is not holy, by God and by human law, Still understanding and forgiving! But this sentence weakens Bronto's completely cautious moral thought and turns Rochester into a dirty old man, who wants a new girl because he is no longer an old man. <br /> <br /> related to scripting errors related to casting errors: Now I am not a person who strengthens physical harmony between an actor and literary figure, but with a strong sense of solidarity, it is beautiful, blond, Filled as a flat heroine and fuller. In addition, at the age of thirty years of Mr. York, when the film was shot and it shows. He has been acting by, the shy, reserved and inexperienced young man of the novel, Jane, becomes perfectly well-groomed, disciplined and mature woman of herself and her desert. I do not say that Susanah York does not play well and firmly, but the woman she gives is not the Jane Jane of Bronte. To throw George C Scott, Rochester must be inspired by Robertson's wish, who was very old enough to make the 18-year gap between Jane and Rochester. Scott seems to be working at the age of 70, as if he is almost 50 years old. <br /> <br /> All emotions, wishes and frustrations are cheated deliberately for praising leading actors "maturity". Script. After the wedding, the scene of Jane and Rochester, the psychological measure of the novel, has become quiet, reasonable conversation between two middle ages, after which Rochester falls asleep. When Zen returns to her last scene, she is kindly satisfied with her grandfather just like a grandfather to travel in the house of an old man. The only character that shows the exact amount of emotion is Saint John of all people. Ian Bennen played him very emotionally and his enthusiastic application in Jane's love was so sensitive that anyone could think that he was modeling Saint John on the Renaissance of the Benane novel. But though Benan is good, he is far away from his novels such as St John's Jane and Scott Rochester. This very frustrating "Jane Eyre" feature is the only release feature and the score, and I would recommend only those who want to see and compare this product to the "Jane Eyre" every single adaptation.
