I saw this movie at the Rotterdam Film Festival (John '06) and later followed the discussion between the director and the public. Many people are shocked and protested. He'll get many negative reviews. But: Earth is such cruel, and it's not funny. People do not like it. That does not mean bad movies themselves. I can see that difference. Our 'Hubble' shows the world outside that the messenger does not shoot! Yet I think this is a bad movie. Film-technically it's a good one. Nice shots and scripts, the best fitting music, great actors The director pretends to create psychoanalytic films, but psychology is poor quality. Describing such a strong violence is not itself an industry. The industry will be a strong description of the psychological process behind that violence. How does a shame son come such a cruelty? The director who pretends to describe, - but that's not good. <br /> <br /> The director often uses the word 'selfishness', for example mentions the teacher. Simply: This teacher was not selfish, - Just worried about her own script, care for her students, no one else's role I think it is a simplicity of selfish calls. The atmosphere of the village is strange, and the mother made a terrible mistake ('you horror me ??') but it is not for me to believe that it is a lot of trouble, the shy boy who comes like a terrible thing. In reality the reality is much more complex, does this picture describe? And it needs a lot better details. The interesting thing will be: How does it work? Please describe the process for me so that we can understand. <br /> <br /> In the end, the director said with the written phrase that life means alternate means. It was another extreme, and for me it is clear that the director and script writer bad psychological, black / white-thought propaganda. Connection between film and society has been proven. Responsible for using this kind of violence properly. There are plenty of black / white thinking in the world, which causes many wars and sufferings. I hope this movie will not be successful.
