Whether violence is real or always an impact. Violence in these movies is often seasoned as you might ask. The director has successfully shown how many violence people are capable of in the Great Execs. But what was the point? Violence does not seem to be 'irreversible, and' Kubrick's 'Clockwork Orange' seems like a mix ... which is two extraordinary films. Do not make me wrong, I'm not opposed to screen violence, and during the years of my film I saw some nasty things, but this movie is completely child. This story has not been developed enough to give a reason for extreme violence, due to Robert's death, we explain the cause of Robert's death as narcotics. Danny Dyer runs partly responsible for Robert's drug damage, but he is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Leslie Manville is unable to deal with Robert with Ma'am, I'm not sure which of these actors is working in a less capable film. The acting difficulty, the kitchen scene with TV cooking and his wife are painful for example, to write this compromise, which is painful not to see more than the frustrating end !! The guys have made some comments ... It looks like she enjoys it 'laughing to laugh if Clay's passionate desire for our bombing with the bizarre female generals' humorous images. Why the director of teenage teenager should show in detail so much about tragic pornographic imagery ... Nobody can be surprised by the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The film's 'political meaning' is due to our attention due to repeated scenes; Repeatedly, outside the TV-dog house, the war of Iraq war, was probably my opinion. Yes, war, violent, social determinism creates frustration, we all tend to violently violent acts that you are in politics or traveling around the streets. The underlying issues are reducing the actual problem when juxtaposing the same issue as a part of the violence in the people. This problem is one that we are still not able to grasp in this movie, and certainly not. <br /> <br /> My Opinion: Derivative, poorly-made and pointless.
