Not sure how to drag me into this movie to watch the film, but after a few minutes I started to leave the theater. For a while, I hope at least the story will surprise me, but then realize that it was time to waste, there was nothing in it. Design: Most of the designs that are quite beautiful, mostly in the environment, but the characters in the animations and designs were terrible. They still look great - in posters and screenshots, but when their life does not come! Most 3D companies did not work because of the same mistakes: It is very difficult to technically create real material in 3D, which makes you think the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (money making) to create something like hair, skin, fabric, etc. Those characters in the film were made from "cloth" and it did not work! So the artificiality of their computer had this ugly cold feeling, where the stuff stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic. It was not a material experience, that doll is made (that is meant to be characters). I had a big mistake in selecting this style for characters. It was a feeling of playing a 3D shoot'n'run computer. I do not want to go to the movies to have a computer game on my screen, you do not know about ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a disrespect. I was very disappointed with a professional animator and low level animation of "9". It was tough, boring, almost no imagination or lack of mood. I saw it is just a little bit more than the average 3D animation, and it does not add any good ... <br /> <br /> And these - bad characters can be designed and a good story solution, bad animation ?! That was not the case here. Actually the story was the worst thing in that movie. It was below any level. It starts straight forward, it goes straight ahead and it is the same end. There are no twists, no surprises, no good dialogs, no development. We have heard and have seen machine stories crossed over thousands of times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of this movie. The characters do not even have time to go through the story - they are only there, they themselves appear almost immediately and immediately take action without knowing what is happening among them. It just did not work. There are a number of repetitive action sequences that seem to fill the time for the lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Acting, word and script - Oh my Lord, what can I do? Say it was kind. Bad stories have a bad script, and "no, do not do it!" Without the like dialog! "I'll do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" Etc., and always repeat itself, so besides those awesome kindness, "Ah" and "Wah" and "Ehh", and "Oho" and "What Out" and "Run!" And "Wah!" That almost every jump, runs, or character is followed by fall and it even sounded out even as they get out of sync or even unrehearsed. Conclusion: Bad acting, bad animation, bad words, bad stories, bad scripts, bad characters, everything expected, no surprise, no twist, nothing Only some good design time is worth. Not big!
