I can not believe Team Burton and Timur Bekmemetov seriously, I signed these two for love. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest I lost his interest for some time because his last few movies were remixes or adaptations. He created "nightmares before Christmas", which I have seen more than once and has directed films such as "Bitlujis" and "Sliley Hole", which is a great movie. Bekmambetov has managed 3 movies which I love: Night Watch, Day Watch, and Wat. I only saw three of his people, but they proved that he was a great director. <br /> <br /> The two people excited me for many reasons. So today I went to see the theater. I was finally so excited to have seen it. I have waited 7 months to get the movie out. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first time I came out of Tim Burton-related movie and said, "I've enjoyed it almost a lot". I even felt that even felt heartbroken. I mean, with the production of Beckmammetov and with him you hoped to keep a good eye on this film. At this moment I still can not leave the movie. I did not even hear about the original short film before I see it, but now, I can successfully say that this movie was a small movie. Hill, the Blue Blomkamp created the length of the Jabber Jabber's entire length of living, 9, 9 of which got 9, how much rights was 9? I really wanted to make this movie feel awesome. I really did. But no, it has failed at many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was very confusing and confused. I had no idea what was going on, let alone about it. Basically it's about trying to save the world, a bunch of dolls dolls angry. Okay, okay, I got it from that. But writing here is very poor. The whole picture is about 6 years old Eddie D. Saying a story. This big, monster is a giant robot that rises 9, destroys and creates the elements. That's the main villain. However, what is wrong with this movie that now everything comes out. There were many monster robots, most of which did not have any logical explanation behind them. Whatever they are in 0 development. I mean, flying pyodactylety like a monster does not leave somewhere anywhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Acaar just wants to tell us. Even more obstructive is the life of a snake that lives with a glance. I hope you do not dare to give this description to anyone else and laugh at them. I told the three people about it, all smile. Oh and it wraps up the victim and sews them inside. I'm here. No <br /> <br /> <br /> The worst part of the Twist movie full of act-3 is: So he woke up at 9 in the room and he found this box from the scientist 9 of scientist and he told him that the robot is designed to bring robots to life in the world, but then evil people use it for the war, and it is the earth's It was supposed to help protect, but then the scientist gave his life 9 so that it could save the world. And he only gave his life 9. But what about other robots? Who gave them their life ???????? This is the perfect example of poor, rushed writing. There is only one thing in the living instruments that exists, so how does 8 people give their lives? Line Characters are not always preferred. They risk their life for no reason. The only good character 7. 6 with him "to go back to the festival !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is a powerful idiot, 2 we do not know about anything, 5 to keep upset with his "you sure ..." or "can I stay here instead of?" The question And that's the end? Disgust I'm so glad that I did not think that the end was a huge WTF moment. There is nothing except the beautiful animation of <br /> <br />. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the worst and sad look of all things. However, beauty can not save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although it is true that this movie looks very nice, it works pretty well, and 9 squats. I am sure that Bourton fans will come to the theater to watch this movie without any doubt, actually, the names of him and Beckmabettov are being thrown around the public, people are coming to the theater to watch this movie. I know that I can not make a big deal, but seeing this movie, I realized how I hated the movie about the character, the illogical plot and the pure style on the content. And this movie is one of those movies.
