If you are a supporter of late Village Person, then you must share this movie! Part comedy, part road movies, but in most cases a bad idea of ​​the diverse stories of rock history. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Originally expressed concern with a well known road known as Story Phil. Koufman (played by Jonny Naxville), who made an agreement with "supposedly" fanatic rock / country / folk music hero Parasan, which said that the first one died when one of them died (it was no issue) that another living person took the corpse into the desert Going, Joshua Tree National Park in California to be right and to brighten the body ... so that the self Can be freed and become one with the world! To keep his words self-confident, Kaffman with his hatred of his soul, and duck-brains, jacks the body of the late Person's body - from the airport at the center of the medicines that he had consumed the medicine on the horizon and before the airport. And shortly thereafter, there is a real mix of imagination and imagination, where the late Persians girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, the face of the man in the face of the stone, the police officer, and other vain fools try to wear the clock. Before trying to catch Kaufman and his Paul, the person gets the opportunity to get a torch! <br /> <br /> The inconsistent aspect of the film, the bad acting, and the lam of offbeat tones all sink the movie faster than the Titanic. And the huge incident that can not be mentioned is not even half of the fact that this movie happened. As far as I heard them, the errors that were replaced by them should include: 1. Number, Person married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what was it with girlfriend and pacing and kittet ?, No. 2, Kaufmann's Dressgred-Out Friend Person's Body Disposal and Finally Known Participant (Participant) At least try to) have it. The father of the real life of the rural man died when he was only a boy, then at the foot of the stage, the father (who cared less about the real rural man living in the living room) was in the vicinity of physical care after real life! Overall though, perhaps most annoying me about this movie means that the true Phil Coffman has actually set to help with the story's information. And yet, the movie is so untrue and so bad that it really makes my mind bugging! <br /> <br /> Although the film's mid-surface performance is concerned, its main character is acting as a superb Johnny Naxville (Phil Kaufman), not only a bad actor, but it seems that he was asleep mostly throughout the film, And the rest of the pitchers are stupid, dead in the brain, or it seems stupid to actually do the first place! Overall, if you like Jonny Naxville and really dig really bad-pitch-even-good friends, I think you can get out of this movie! But, if you are like me and become a fan of late village people, but to really make true dialogues, based on the real life of real life, and if you like, enjoy them like good movies, street street movies, or fantasy tastes, You really hate this movie and others have the same thing to do Give it a try. I obviously hated this movie and did not want it to be made in the first place, but since it was created, I liked to be different from what it liked, unfortunately! Maybe the real events of the story have to come for some days and really a true biodiversity will be created on all the lives of the rural man ... not what happened on the left side of his soul. However, until that time we all appear as a visitor, and late actor fans often left behind this terrible waste of film and music traditions, behind the terrible memories (graphics) behind the village parasons. It should also be noted that they actually used live music and some flick as well as flash, but surprisingly it will not be sufficiently heard for it. (Turkey-Zero Star)
