Well, maybe this PC version was impressive. may be. I've just finished playing PS2 version and it's a whole mess. <br /> <br /> Here are some elements that are right or committed. I'll mention it first because it will be fast. First, the concept of a historic GTA-like game is a great one. The game was played like a historical GTA and unlike the mafia, the song was nice. I would like to see a game set while playing the right game in the mafia era. Next, the story is well written. The story is sensual, it has dramatic arcs, it uses an unusual device (mostly as bookstore) and it is interesting. Finally, some graphics - especially those used during the cutcenes - impressive. Wherever the designers of Mafia tried to get the GTA done, especially the characters focused on getting the graphics properly. Unfortunately in many other cases, graphics kind of stink, and I'd rather have gorgeous gameplay than impressive looking characters. <br /> <br /> The title of this game is so short of this title. First off, control and camera absolutely suck. Will be the first focus of any game developers. You can not release a game where you control and / or suck the camera. Number one, there is no reason that the player's character does not get a full range of motion controlled by Tom Left Analog Stick. Until it's absolutely necessary, and it's never sometimes, I hate set-up where the left stick character runs on the "strafing" way and the character can only use the right analog sticks. Here, it's not just unnecessary, it's a challenge to the simplest tasks. For example, Tom had to climb a couple missions. But the game is so badly designed that you should be frustrating both the proper align sticky and camera manipulating and every time you want to climb, press L1. Next, I have not seen a bad battle system. The first problem is that you can not auto-target or lock any targets. At an early stage, the game tells you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock, but it never worked. So to focus on an enemy, you have to fight with the right allogic sticks and try to adjust the character's orientation and camera, which moves away from the wrong angle or makes Tom always invisible. At that time, you're probably going to be victim of palmed or death. Next, if you touch or touch the enemy often - and of course, when using the Hand Hand Hand Hand Case or the Melli weapon, the war system - which is basically R1 taping or completely - is completely vain. Enemies can hug a beer, but if you do not go back you can not remove it. So yanking on the left alllog stick in the close war, making it 50% not allowing you to yelling over the character, then you are involved in tapping R1 as soon as possible before the enemy gets very close and makes R1 meaningless. And if the enemy changes their angle at your time, you are going to get your character based properly and struggle with the right align stick for the camera so that you can see something. At that time, you're probably shooting palmed or again, and try to remove your only alternative character again. My fights often created a Tom Circle Circle around an area like comedy movies, hopefully I can get enough time to fight analog stick and again get some shots before Aiah's mercy. A lot for realistic warfare. <br /> <br /> and the same problem while fighting with guns and more. If you touch someone, half the time the controller does not let you shut the shot, they can still fill you in the hole. In addition, there are no self-targeted goals, and the targets are vulnerable to options, even the target is harmful. Gunfights tend to make hopelessly trying to target or move away while keeping the enemy after the shot. Fortunately or not, the loss seems to be randomly recorded almost randomly. It can take one to ten shots or more to incomplete a letter and there is no rhythm or reason for it. You can place five shots between an enemy's head and a blank range of near points and they still return to the fire and you can hit. Nevertheless, the game's designers began to take adequate care of the reality than a rebuilding of your target system, so after a shot with powerful powerful guns, your goal would be to leave the target and you have to fight it again. <Br /> <br /> For the famous graphics, except for the characters and text you have, they are actually quite frustrated. The distance is always empty, and while driving around is a wide range of flat colors and textures. The city was not very well designed. It's not quite diverse and there are not many interesting things to look or do. The cars seem slow and they're hard to control. They drive all about the same. Someone mentioned music, but that was pretty nondescript. A good job could have been that end. Also, as mentioned by many, the load bar is ridiculous and constant. They last for more than a minute, and they occur in the middle and even in the middle. Even <br /> <br /> The overall mafia port spreads at least 2 in PS2. Feel the game and play like an incomplete hack job.
