Acting in this movie. This plot gives very little idea, but I should have the idea of ​​this scientist from what I have collected, who develops the ability to transform individual items into small steel balls that fly into their mouths and make jumbo (or blow their heads, which ). And the effect is very shy. Most movies contain bad music, actors dance badly evenly as bad music, interspersed in multiple boring sex scenes. It will be one of the worst things ever made, but for one thing. One element that makes the illumination of the winter "Nightmare Weekend" makes all others stand up. And the presence of that special quality George. <br /> <br /> A loving interface device between George Scientist's daughter, Jessica, and home computer security system. The guardian angel / believer in George Jessica with her green hair and nose, molten scalp and heart-shaped face, who asked her for advice on meeting with the most dramatic pieces of conversation in celluloid. With his montoine synthesized voice, George tells Jessica that men prefer white clothes to men and high-tech hiking is the third way to meet boys after disco and bars. Of course, Jessica does not seem to be out of a lot of trouble, which could cause George to run "emergency program code: protection jesica", causing Jessica's violent death to be previously attacked by steel balls. </ br> <br /> Kubrick was an intelligent fool, it seemed that he could give computer personality to a red personality using closeup. HAL should be represented by our friend George for the good translation of condolences for his friend's death. Lighting and sound show at the end of "closed encokers"? Not that bad, but the first contact with Alliance was that George Hands Poppath was the best way to get that film. Bishop, info, R2 ?? The next kitchen equipment of the almighty George! Within 90 minutes, he can stay in the movie for 8 minutes but do not fool you. This show is all about George. Even with that limited amount, George Holly has joined the character of such a bright film as the icon of American movies from "New Moon Rising" as Montrose, Mage and Pappi. "George to Apache"? You are my hero
