I paid 3 out of 10 movies because I watched a few hundred movies and I can definitely say what an intellectual film should be like with psychological messages. Of course, there is not one of those broken films. I have to admit that this movie has tried to understand how the whole thing is trying to govern and despite the explanations I have read in previous opinions, they only felt a spontaneity in the intellectual league. People The cover image clearly shows that broken is the broken upper part of the face which is usually in the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be distorted and ruthless. So, you start waiting to see the characters in the movie characters, and these scenes are not clear in any scene because the film directly starts directly with the characters and without any role before their life. Although we watch the father while holding the rifle when his children try to surprise him, as he knows he has an enemy but it is still not a very powerful formula. If you add more perfume to the film, it's really a wonderful composition. But the film was slow at the speed, but at the same time it was not empty with any metaphorical scene. And finally, the evil father's reconciliation with the evil gene is a strong convincing proof of some of the existent messages that some people speak in other comments. Moreover, if Jeanne really lives in her apartment then her brother tells her to the end, how bad is she? I am convinced that I can deny many questions with any theory about this movie which can only reach a conclusion: This movie is a mess and time wasted It is obviously trying to create a myth that which is no value. I call the popcorn movie in horror movies and especially the slashher that some people have a huge fan. The horror movie is not supposed to convey deep messages! They unveiled the beautiful mask of life and truest you think which is to show it another dark side, I guess. Horror movies should have blood, scream, intensity, skeleton, body parts and parts. That is the real horror and it is not far from reality. I have seen almost all the horror films and I can prove that each one of them can be as good as the sunrise. Think of the mind until there is nothing unreal. For example, the horror movie, with all the slashing and intensity of "train" and its similarity with the "hostel", often speaks about a real thing that people abduct in foreign countries and illegally sell body organs. Ask or search for them. <br /> <br /> Even if we consider breaking a movie that has an existential message, it is still presented very badly and is at least frightened. I like the proposed addictive message of ForMom for a Dream that can highlight any kind of addiction that can be destructive for fear of sex, TV, security / madness, and fear of drug addiction. about me. And those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial, they are usually afraid and do not like this love easily, but this does not mean that there are fans of such films, and this means they have adrenaline disorder, excitement, leadership texts Many proposals (believe me or not!) To the audience, the main thing about life is witness Entertainment tkarera face, ugly and scary as it may seem, death!
