If the legends related to broken mirrors are correct, all those involved in this production will now face bad badness for about 170 years, because there are many mirrors in small pieces here. If the script is scattered as glass, "The Broken" was a brilliant film. Now sadly, just an overly extraordinary idea and memorable sequence with just an overdrawn, derivative and lazy film. Shawn Alice has created a very stylish and beautiful photo film, but the story is poor and the total absence of reasoning and explanation is really frustrating. I came in contact with a fundamental idea and a friend about the "money" of the film. He thinks Alice has got inspiration from your legendary legend that a spotlight of how you are going to die is to see how your Dopplenger spot is. Interesting theories, but I'm not familiar with this legend and I can not find anything on the Internet about it. Personally, I think "Broken" is still a "group of physical graduates" but one of the diversity of themes but without foreign intervention. The "broken" center and especially Gina, on American McVivian families living in London. During the celebration of a birthday, a mirror breaks spontaneously, it triggers a full series of mysterious and apparently supernatural phenomena. Guina follows the driving spot by a car and the image of her mirror in an apartment building. When driving at home in a state of mental confusion, he caused a terrible car accident and ended in hospital. When dismissed, Jinna seems to change like her whole surrounding. He did not know his own boyfriend and kept the extraordinary pieces of the accident shining in front of his eyes. Does he have suffered from traumas injured by accident or is there a supernatural conspiracy happening around him? Writer / director Shawn Elise explicitly calls on the curiosity and mystery feelings in his script, but unfortunately he fails to elucidate them properly. "The Broken" is really a atmospheric and stylish endeavor, but after only half the film, you have come to the painful conclusion that this is just a nice but empty package. This movie contains a frustrating "fake" mysterious amount. This meaningless music and eerie camera means construction of tension through the angels, when absolutely nothing happened even until. While actually kicks in the mysteriousness, this technique has no horrible effect on you anymore. Here are some pictures of my fellow critics, and especially the style of Shan Elis, compared with the lines of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but this is the way, the way? Too much respect is the way. PS: That option is up with spell; One with Scandinavian "ø"
