This movie can be used in the film classes for the "Hot to Scripts A-Movie" course. There are intrinsic contradictions in B-Movie: Budgets are tight, time-critical (the square-screw was apparently shot in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. An aspect that has your full control is to write the best script in the limitations set before you. Scarecrow's script seems to have been written in a drunken smoke. I can go through about fifteen examples of this movie's nonsensical scripting, but I'll only mention one: The Grvdiger The poem is presented in an hour in the film. He probably does not have any connection to the other characters in the movie already. He has shown his daughter, who does not have any connection with anyone else in the film. Gravedigger is given a couple views to work surreally and then the body is killed out of the pad. Why Gavidiger will give a girl? Why give the girl a boyfriend? Why so late in the movie? Why not try to participate in their ongoing story? Scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> The "story" of Scarecrow goes something like this: Lester is a high school child (actor and actor who I picked in his first 30's) by other kids. He is an artist who draws birds and puts pressure on a classmate named Judy. Her mom is a delightful and city whore. One of his deceitful lovers draws him (called "fagot" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys.") If your high school student still clings to the cowboy, I think he is more likely to be gay than a high school student who crosses ) And later, a cornfield under Tenular Scarecrow, Lester killed. Magically, Lester's soul goes into the scarecrow. However, this transfer transforms the soul of Lester from an artist into an advertising gymnast (I know that some reviews have been called Kung-Fu screwro scarecrow.) I disagree. Before this jump rolls over the truck, virtually the whole floor routine ends the film). Then many who have died to kill those who are suffering, those who have been washing the ground in the ground, the grave diggers, the friends of the girls of the cemetery, and many of those who have shown the film set up. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature should be specified in the DVD. The director (a Frenchman) has made a great version of the rap music, acknowledging that he is not an executor around the set because he can screw his wife while working and quote (and I'm imitating) to live by: "Life ez a < br /> <br /> Seeing this movie I drink the number of beer: 5 What did it help: There is no need for beer to enjoy this movie: Blow Whatever it takes to get drunk yakaauta level.
