In the last 20 years, how much of British filmmakers give severe poverty to the horrific poverty in the UK and while living in the streets of the British era, our young people will not have the potential for a better living. The British film industry is covered with the idea of ​​'broken Britain'. Trainings, England, Kidulthud, Football Factory, Case and London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Another British movie added to the list is Bullet Boy. The main character expresses the desire to go straight away, but he still insists on carrying gunmen and gang members to wander with the dead in the war. I could never believe that he wants to go straight because he has not been prevented from pursuing education or trade. In fact, if he became straight, he would breathe the wind of wind, and we had a character around which his life had turned around. Instead he spent his time trying to kill his friend. At the end of the movie, I did not feel any sympathy while predicting another teen, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I really like the whole family and the desire for success. I believe that manufacturers have missed a great opportunity to show the world that for the success of those who are willing to fight for it (like looking for happiness). <br /> <br /> I know the purpose of this film was to try and paint the realistic picture of what life is like for black boys living in Britain's working class, but with the same plot that we already have enough movies in the UK? Are not talented producers and writers of this time giving some time to dominate Britain's youth and to show them a better life? <br /> <br /> I appreciate the bullet age-makers not to load the whole picture. Neutral violence to achieve success and success through the causes of mourning (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory). At the same time, the film does not offer anything new in the long list of British films, which are effective and neutral. This film or I mentioned that there is no other end.
