It is a real shame that almost no less than 30 people do not know the "top" of Michael O'Donoghghgh - the time for the magazine articles and the SNL squats for that time ... and so the real shame is that there is no doubt that anyone has the opportunity to study his work, Find simple ways and watch videos - they are like Mr. MONDO leads the procession in the video. <br /> <br /> This movie contains cute elements that do not fully connect with funny bones. The visitor feels the experience of cat diving / swimming things with a person who thinks that the camden is reduced by a pool and the camera is slow and follows the montage sequence. Then we were taken to an island where all the past pads are retired (hula hops, pet rock, sunbed dred wig etc.). Then we entered the music world (Panki was a new type of music during this film), where "D" rate bar performer performs its own lazy style dirty and eclectic sledge till Rootblue Slim "Boogy of the Us". Now all these real beauty back ground music. There are many different ways in Telsar's plays and repercussions in different ways - those who did not understand the first American satellite in the field of Telaror, and created the theme for map talent and triumph. MR Mike's seemingly meant to be a sign of ridiculous waste of social decay. Now in the theater it has been said that the video release is Sid Vishyas (not a former sex pistol, not a wrestler) live performance of my live song. His version is much different than the Sinatras, since anyone can imagine but it seems to be genuinely valuable ... it's good! This sad part-Paul Unka refuted his song rights in VHS publications, and the audience was forced to feel 3 1/2 minute silence with an explanation transformed into the song's dead sex pistol. <br /> <br /> I will release the video 5 or 6 of the theater, the video will be closer to 4 and now it is enough that I can see how many people give it 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good o'Dongghog script watch scrooped ... it is a good respect for human insight and talent.
