Well maybe I'm about to be lambasted by everyone on this site, but one of the worst structured films I've seen long during the Good Earth. We have a half and a half hour film which feels like it's three and a half years because it has two movies. The first movie is the story of a family that had to leave their home because of their famine and famine. They must travel south to the cities to find any kind of food or work. They will conveniently find a bag of jewelery and at the same time they find that the drought has ended. That's okay. With this knowledge they return home with their riches and everything is beautiful and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> It takes about one and a half years to feel good and this time incredibly useless when it has a great pressure. You will think this will be a fantastic place to finish the picture. However, the film then continues to a whole other hour. And during this time, it takes a difficult story about a family that conflicts with the world and makes it a sad melodrama about betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh yes and age old, meaning the root of all blah blah root. The reason that you know you making an epic film is simply because your story does not mean it can be useless for more than that. Also, the main idea that I will collect about this film is that the world is good for the family and to unify them. So why do we spend an hour talking about the rich people of love with another woman and why the final moments of this film are dedicated to a wife that our main character is not too concerned with most of the movies. <br /> <br /> Wait and the movie is not the only thing that is written badly, the original character wife does not give any idea at all. He complained a lot about how he was a slave and he never wanted to be a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why does he want to sell the only daughter of slavery? Even when they are hungry during this idea, it is still not understood when 20 minutes after the film, they are complaining again if they do not want to be slaves. <br /> <br /> You should pay attention to other films of the 30's. This is the only thing cinematography for this one. The land has been shot nicely, and sequences with locusts are quite dominant. There was nothing to say that there was a film that was very bad. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this time Hollywood mostly focused on stars and they thought that a good actor could do some illustration. In most cases, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man for his skill, but once the half-point hits, where the film goes for some reason and loses it and will become regular old Italian Paul, and even cut his hair so that he looks like Tony from Scarface ( A better film than this). Among all the major characters in the film, I think maybe three are really Asian, the rest are simply fools Americans Oh and please Mrs. Renar that was really a nice note performance, no, if I can throw the Oscars out of your hand, oh I want to. <br /> <br /> Good Earth Earth is an epic waste. If you want something in vain to see the beautiful evening, get the wine of anger, this is a film that truly deserves all the praise. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
