... because they are both pretty lousy. I think the best part of the movie is the dreadful imperialist picture of Dunaway, by the top of the stairs. It seems that he can easily come out of that picture, tear someone into pieces of bloody pieces, and can not enter the picture again with peace as if nothing happened. Now, when you know a movie, the set of furniture is managed to attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I agree, I paid $ 30 for the DVD so I could see Faye Duneway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you think - 30 dollars below the empty black hole. And you will be absolutely right. This movie sucks. There, it's just open. I was expecting some real scares, and I was waiting and waiting and waiting. No one came. Beef (probably a crack of makeup) does not scare me, small parts of the internal organs do not scare me, and even phai does not fear me. I'm not that bold, I know, so the movie itself might be that problem. What's more, Jennifer is not afraid to be Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she looked peeved more than anything. Her life is fast approaching and she worried about earning more money. Honey, you are not going where you can take the money !!! He said, "I need money," he constantly says his lungs are broken and the work is finished. I thought that the film that was fully exploded was that grandmother (Fay). I was initially suspicious, Faye playing a grandmother and all, and I was finally suspicious. There is another relative of the house that Jennifer and Mary Allen were forced to temporarily divide the Dadi-de-Hell and I guess that she is said to be the grandmother of the same generation. The strange part here - seems to be relative that he has tolerated his eight hundred birthday party. Mary Ellen looks like she has faced a famous surgeon. Face-lift can not work miraculously, but it seems that Faye's appearance is important for the plot of rice-paper. Spoiler !!! It seems that the family has been suffering from ailment that affects bad acting ... sorry, my little joke. Although severely, there are all the illnesses which fail to disintegrate their organs and eventually disappear. Yuk, huh? Interestingly, Mary is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did he avoid family curses? There's something with him, obviously. <br /> <br /> Another reason for the loss of my thirty dollars - this movie is a feature of my all-time peter pet. I read the double end. This movie is about double the end. When I hate it, I hate it, and the director does not like the shooter firing at the end of the opinion, and forget to delete it while editing. I think it looks scary, but it is only if you're a film editor. <br /> <br /> This danger is a type of price, and it's a reason to buy a DVD. The "film-maker" commentary features Faye Dunaway, and I did not want to play when he did not have the reading line. Guess that the movie has become so bad that I could not sit through it again. Used to express annoyance.
