Jennifer Shadow has been set in Argentina and Jennifer Cassi (Gina Phillips) comes there after her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer left her big house in Johanna's intention, decided to sell Jennifer's home and decided to return to Los Angeles, though her grandmother, Marie Ellen (Faye Dunaway), is opposed to the sale. But the strange thing started to happen, Jennifer began to dream of slaying Raven and he started feeling very sick. After checking the hospital, his kidneys disappeared a mysteriously, what is happening to Jennifer? Is it an ancient family curse? <br /> <br /> This Argentinian American co-production was co-written with Daniel De La Viega and Pablo Taraz and co-operated in the 1990s, a tedious and predictable modern ghost story, which I imagine The more people will wake up to get more fear. Vega, Parés and P.J. The script is very slow and tedious by Pettiette, which is not what one wants, that means I'm sure most people do not want to sit down and want to get bored from their foreheads. They do not want to do anything, little or no motivation, all unhealthy and fairly helpless. For example, who is the caretaker in the graveyard? How did he know about demons? What is his interest and motivation for involvement? I could not see it. Jennifer herself is an excellent, extraordinary and soft-headed lady, as her grandmother Mary Allen comes, and she is also surprised, and it is surprising that she is probably the villain. I mean for this kind of mystery based horror / ghost story. It's amazing predictable and routine. Both the logic and the stories that together have a gaps together with a terrible twist, which is not much, I do not like Jennifer Shadow, an IETA. <br /> <br /> The director goes down to Oga and the Ashes is almost all the color bleaching routes which is not very far from black and white, I suspect that they wanted to give it a specific time for the Gothic feeling, but this is a lot Before and often a lot has been well done. It did a lot for me and just makes the whole film look dull and lifeless. Apart from the interior of the house, there are 40 fixed-time faces inside the house, but again it's half-hearted and looking cheap. Jennifer's shadow is well made but forgetting it is not scary or unclear and it is rather predictable. If it is not enough then there is no greed, there are some scenes on the street that are sticky on humans and a deadly heart, but there is nothing else. With the estimated budget of about $ 1,000,000 and the repeat of the chronicles, it is made remotely for the release of US and international DVDs, but one million you can not buy too much on this day, and Jennifer's shadow proves most of the theories. Even in Argentina's pronunciation there are many views of the actor's sayings, although it can be realistic, but I really want to say what people are saying. Actually okay though Dunaway overacts badly and there is obviously there for money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Shadow is a junky Scratch film which I thought was a total bore from beginning to end, I'd rather see the incredible weird who alive living and mixed up hairy !! !! (1964) again instead. Total waste of time.
