When I first saw the preview of this movie, I could not wait to see it. The plot looks good and the setting was great. I mean, a slash movie that is held on prime night, a great idea !! And the plot: A high school teacher who becomes sexually related to his students, goes crazy, gets arrested and flees in the night after three years! On such a night, the night that happens to be happy and memorable, he becomes hell !! However, I saw it and were very disappointed. This was not just the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, but it's the worst movie ever I've ever seen !! First of all, it was not even scary. One moment in that movie I was not going to get out of my seat. Also, the scenes of murder were so sugar and dull. All slashher is stabbed on the stomach of their victims multiple times or their throats are cut. There was absolutely no gore (his rating PG-13). Most blood scenes were probably where the killer killed a black girl. She slits her throat and blood splatters over the hanging sheets around them. (They are not actually shown to cut her throat). <br /> <br /> Next, you see facing the killer present for the first time in the movie. He is not mysterious, awesome, or scary. He's the only guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> There was so much cliché on everything in the movie. An example is, finally, the killer is going to kill the main character, and in the last minute, the detective shot him dead. Also, every single thing in this movie was so expected. The victim, after seeing the man with a knife, runs to hide his life, thinks he goes away, and then the killer just pops out and kills him. Finally, the order of the movie was very bad. The man goes to the hotel, kills a few, the corpse is discovered, someone snatches the fire, and everyone moves away. The main character forgets some of his room, has a face-to-face with the killer, runs and escapes. That's it! She and her boyfriend go home, slashher killed patroling guards of the house, finds the girl, then murdered by the detective. The sequence of movies was so stupid and cliche. <br /> <br /> If you are good at seeing this movie, believe me, do not waste your time or money. The movie was not shown at the smallest theater in the movie theater. My friend and I, sitting behind these two girls, are the only one in the theater. That was supposed to tell me something about the movie before.
