I like the first Little Mermaid. I know the song, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say anything like Little Marmad 2: Go back to the sea. It was very terrible. Let's start the story. The first movie of the plot was an opposite copy. In the same situation, without reverse! Ariel wanted to live in the land, his daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was cheated by Ursal, Melody's sister Ursula's sister deceived Morgana. Was Ursula's sister? Not sure from that comes. In addition to a peculiar copy of the first film, this film's plot seems tired and thirsty compared to the first movie. Now characters: 1. Ariel- what happened to her ?? !! Now touching, heady teenager we all knew from the first movie and loved, she has now "grown up" and went down to drain her personality. Jodie Benson was too old, or the song was so strong that her talent was spoiled due to her singing was not very strong. 2. Prince Eric - Although he did not have many personalities in the first film, all Disney was like the royals, yet his new voice and his very few lines made him more robotics. At the top of it off, he does not seem to protect himself, and the two of the aeroles became difficult. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the crustaceans of the first movie, because a sticky, mad little crab just takes his place. He had no good songs in this movie. From the first movie, he can forget about the incredible "below sea" and "Kiss the Girl" song that he earned, and it is very sad. 4. Flounder- they destroy him !! She is no longer beautiful, her voice is terrible, and now she has a baby ?? Who is mother 5. Morgan - She is the sister of Ursula, for her mother to take revenge, who always chose Ursula on her. So he wants to get King Triton's Trident to be the new ruler of the sea. Sound familiar? However, he is short of Ursula's greatness as a very close villa and a villain. He fails the majesty of sorcery, he is not very difficult, and never threatens at all. 6. Medi-Arriel and Eric's daughter. Spiritual name because he can not sing, in contrast to the aerle. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin ?? really?!) Are not funny or favorite, and she's just the opposite, as opposed to Ariel and not the desired. Leave this one out. Do not see any Disney signal other than Leon King 2. This movie has crushed the classic living in all our beautiful memories. I look back at this movie and just laugh.
