Well, like the Disney fan for a long time, I'm really -Head-Direct-to-video video Disney Seagels. Walt Hymelf did not believe them. He believes that "and after living forever" it is finished. But this one ... really taco ticked. There were many riffe in other Disney movies, it was not funny. Quick summary, if you already do not know ...: Mary, daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, was born. Ursula's sister, Morgana (who originally feels like Uralsula, if she does herself green color and goes to Ally McBell's hungry diet) and predicts her character for failure to try a newborn baby. After that grief, Ariel forgot to be like his father and refused to tell Melody about the tradition of his mermaid, and later forbade him to go to the sea. Wonder surprise surprise. Melody finds out, he is having a violent brat, and runs away, then for some changes, Morgan makes an agreement to become a mermaid. (Gee known to that word?) She becomes one, but half of her half deal, finds the trident of her granddaddy and has brought it back to the beach. While doing this, did he take place in Outstust Animals, a Penguin and a Waller called Timon and Pumb? Wait ... no! Timon and Pumba is not! Or is it? I can be fooled. However, I want to reveal more, but many things that may be supposed to happen. OK ... Long story short. This movie gives "more debt" than other (well) Disney movies ... and it's horrific. Come on ... tip and dash? Why not make the dash a weirdly flatulent and makes it more clear! Disgust Note that the total character Butcher of Aurel's personality She has gone from being a foner, a freespirited, headstrong woman to her father. Not good ... They are basically telling us that sweet, furnace, little mermaid, we are known to grow and die dead. Plus Melody is not such a big character ... she is boring! And the brat! They did not mention what Flounder did. Wong ... However, if you want to see this piece mainly for profit-generating reasons, there is no imagination, Ignore-sponsored ******, I propose that it is waiting for the 'Disney Channel' Or some other TV stations. Because, it is not worth a rental price. <br /> <br /> * *****
