When he was commissioned to work on this project, Bondarook was not a young man, he was still a young director with a single photo, it was a successful adaptation of a short WWII story in his name. Of course, Bunderukook was an established actor star for ten years, but Spassyon's skills were very low behind the camera and as a director, he was unconditionally ready to produce this scale. And it apparently shows in group scenes, especially in the unfortunate camera locations, through the rock compositions, for the director, the performance of various quality was apparently so embarrassing that task actors were obviously deprived of their own devices, the odd voiceover was like the announcement of radio broadcasts. <br /> <br /> "War and Peace" is probably the main reason that the Soviet government encouraged it to spend on this production. The image of USSR Vidya has been released quite splash. Of course, Bundruck wanted to imitate the greatest power of the film Huliwyd and found his audrey. Its ultimate choice, Ludmila Savelyeva, is a big-eyed, definitely dark-haired thing is somewhat similar to Hippbern. Unfortunately he was not a dancer in Kirov Ballet, in addition to acting experience or talent, what I can find in his extraordinary way to describe his performance is very "terrible". <br /> <br /> Although this may be expected by Soviet actors, the same language as Tolstoy's character would be better understood than foreigners, but war and peace often do not prove that it is not a case. Revolutionary uproar blown the thin upper layer of Russian cultural soil that war and peace were raised in the world, so a good part of these big names of Soviet actors involved in this need often work as Americans' Shakespearean. Of course, the American actor probably will not be able to play Shakespeare credibly, but if you know if you saw Cast American members in Branagh's adaptations). Among the only three main characters, Bonduruk's Piero is commendable, but he was too old for the part and quickly got out of place.
