Very bad but visible science fiction film which suffers from hateful special effects, poor acting, and a ridiculous story. The film is open with a spaceship coming back from Mars and a man with green rust in his arm. He, through the plot of some hockey, began to tell what happened on this lucky ride, because almost all the tape was erased magnetically. Four astronauts take the journey: a poor man, Humphrey Bogart, who enjoys the word "Irish" and is a codefish performer, a military type driven by Gerald Maha, then Noor Hayden, a beautiful redhead and the only female crew with three men Flight member is a cheap scientist like all his diagrams, later, Les Trammines, adhide Laccitragulira a wonderful character actor, and ultimately, acting as Sammy Jack krusenake in favor of the mouldable suits - a member of the flight chosen for his expertise with the joke Brooklyn and electronics, however, does not seem too bright. None of these actors really have any good, and all of them say their dialogue with a little firmness. See Trimine as he said that scientific nonsense! Really, the best crusen among four - and it really says a lot about this movie. But played bad, the cinema only falls apart when they fly through flashback. The Angry Red Planet was a real cheap budget because Mars was actually a heavy red American southwest on it. When the story calls for something that Martian can see, there is a heavy red color on them. You might say they can draw the monsters seemingly worse as we seem to have assembled dead animals together with some bats with a bat-rat-spider 40 feet feet up. Another significant animal is a giant amoeba with a vague eye. In the room! This is bad. A Martin City has a nice drawing, but the film there was not enough. Despite all these big problems, Aggrie Red Planet is a funny bad movie. It is really interesting to see how far we have come as civilization. Most of the material used in the movie is old. A guy is using an electric raz with a cord and I thought they could get good, but they are still using the ropes. With the limitations of budget director IB Melchioran, in most cases even the film has given an interesting look, but his and Sid Pink's story does not fly. And how bout that end up with music and psychedelic colors? Govi people!
