A spaceship income from Mars; About a few months ago, a 4-person expedition was sent to the red planet. A flashback to see what mostly happened in the photo. The film is faked by insane, composer dialogues, many scientific attempts have been made in the Fifties and sixties. Note, for example, the commander of the ship (Mahr) says 'crew member' for some reason; There will be a problem as moving the other spot inside the ship. Later, the commander ordered the two crew to stay in the ship and the other went out. The order to stay two is not to 'follow' and to follow; I did not have high hopes for the success of the campaign by this point. There are many conversations of 'Kaan Twiching' and a freeze-ray gun called 'Cleo' is covered (briefly for Cleopatra). It's a little funny, oddly, if you can not pull the story <br /> <br /> <br /> The whole thing is very slow. Astronauts spend a lot of time watching the ships' portals of the ship (which changes from red to blue color), they comment on what they see, as they actually search. Marshall's landscape, like the advertisement advertised in 'Cinemagic' films, usually animated-cut-outs, or drawings, painted with orange-red filters, confuses conversations with actors, which makes them look strange. Process But I think it's not a fool 10 years old. A glossy mention I mentioned that the surviving cosmonauts will meet irrationality, so that the unreal nature of Martin Vistas can be explained. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> I discovered that they started exploring by some astronauts; On the right side of the bat, they test their free-fire guns on a tree, killing it only for it. Then the female member hacks with a machete, but he turned to become a tree but turned to spider-rats giant's legs. Beautiful going, lady. Look at the next time. No wonder Mars 'intelligence' has become depressed and it does not remember that a demon of low living invades Amba inventors. Acting is not very impressive. Mahara, in particular, was a very annoying tactic while speaking a line and then suddenly going into a huge snow that always leaves me - reminds me of it! Terror From Space The finishing is fairly anti-climatic; Do not expect any huge publicity without 'any campaign' with Cleo named Freid gun.
