"This movie reminds me of Billy Eliot", I almost fooled myself once I started going to this review, but then I saw the restoration of Plealy Li Lee only to find out that he was the person who was Billy Eliot, Fooled <br /> <br /> Am I cruel on her? There is no reason for Britain's most ambitious screenwriter, because there is no reason - he has his feet on the door, he previously wrote a successful British film which won prizes and earned money in the box office and what will he do next? <br/> Young Jimmy Spud lives in some kitchen sink estates. She is bullied at school and someone loves her. The only thing to go to him is that he wants to be a ballet dancer. Not really he has ambition to be an angel but considering his family he may be a ballet dancer. The father of his grandfather, who thinks, "Ballet dancer is a bunch of boxing, when his grandfather says," Ballet dancers can meet you as much as you can. I remember the ballet ballot in mind ... "Yup Ballet that day spoke on the grounds of British British Council - No, do not come to think of it, Wing politics is not left, which seems to be the only preservation of the middle class. So, everything seems ridiculously false about this set up <br /> <br /> Another major criticism is that it is a film that has no There is no objection that it is trying to appeal. Criticism of Channel 4 for movie broadcasts in completely inappropriate times (for example, the location that was forgotten at 6 o'clock), but they showed it 2 in the morning and they got it once. Considering the story in politics, ballet Dance (Goud) I hate it) There is no way of lung cancer and poverty It may be considered suitable for women but the main drama shows the characteristics of the 11-year-old child and angel and ballerina dancers (if I feel overwhelmed with the matter, do not blame me) - there was no need to mention them and they were here to be an intelligent adult audience There are not many here. <br /> <br /> The League of Legends producers were told on the script development platform that they wanted to write a story featuring a schoolboy and an angel and he wanted to write about other themes and thus denied it. I apologize later on the stories but you get the feeling throughout the film that once the film is completed it will be sold to the same audience, who enjoyed Billy Eliot
