Can you say a mile off a low grade production ?? The style is clearly British; The epic in the concept; The international peopled by all the stars broke; Generally set in exotic climes. This is a formula which was selected by grade and its company ITC in the early 80's in the early 80's, making headlines such as the title of The EagleHow Landed, FireWire, and The Titleist Rises! In 1977, grade march or die was created, which is a legendary old-fashioned foreigner Lejen's courage, which modeled all the above mentioned characteristics. Normally managed by Dick Richards ?? A few years ago the acclaimed firewall helped My Lovely - March or die was an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A foreign company led by General Foster (Gene Hackman), was sent to Morocco shortly after World War 1. Their mission is to protect an archaeological group dedicated to Francois Marque (Max Vaševo). Archaeologists are performing excavation work in the ancient city of Arfoud, but fearing the attack of the Arab tribes after the fall of the archaeological group. Not happy with the appointment of Foster ?? He does not consider historical handmade artwork as risky to his life. This creates ongoing tension between himself and Marwu, who believe that they should dedicate their life to making the legions of the digging possible. Problems are increasing when tagging with a beautiful female legion, Simone Picard (Catherine Dunnuve). He is expecting what happened to his father, a historic Arab who misused him when he first destroyed the archaeological group. In his presence, the desire for zeal in the Leziyonians was more than that of Gypsy thief Marco Segrein (Terrence Hill), an impressive and brave fool, who initially showed indifference to his colleagues of Lejna, but gradually became curious. With the huge battle in Eerfood, ending with a huge battle of Erapod, due to the efforts of the Arab tribes in their efforts to save lives. <br /> <br /> Both of Jinn Hackman and Terrence Hill's star on the papers believe that a dilemma? Hackman Heavyweight Oscar-winning character actor, Hill is an extraordinary but limited Italian heart-throb, which is much less budget spaghetti than Westerns. One Hackman screen hopes to work off his opponent. Yet, maliciously, Hackman is weak and continuous performance, when Hill raises his game at an amazing high level. The film is interestingly moved to the desert, but the pacing is very slowly and caring for a few of the characters. Morris Zar's song is remarkably flat ?? Very frustrating from the person who gave us the score of Lawrence of Arabia. It is amazing that anyone was nervous to try this type of old-fashioned courage of the 70's (this is a trend that was final in the 30's and forgotten in the medieval decade). Sadly, gambling really does not stop ?? Old legionneire flicks became more of a plod than a march of this tribute.
