Sholay: considered to be one of the greatest films. I always amazed if they always rebuilt it being classic. At that time RGV had announced the movie and I was a bit excited to see it. I always thought that maybe it would be a good movie, but every week we will change RGV here. And the movie is a very B-grade movie, which I did not expect. <br /> <br /> I tried to make a positive effort, but I promised to keep mourning out of my mind. Cinematography is awesome The movie tries to be its own. But that's upwards. The action sequence is weak. The plaque was potential. The biggest error is to edit. Someone in the scene is excited to you. For example, comedy sequences are very much felt and compulsory from the place. The trick is because the trick was just entertaining in the original. And none of the characters are improved. And no scene will be fixed till the end. And the end was very frustrating. <br/> <br/> The biggest question is: Amitabh Bachchan was as good as Gabaa Singh, nothing was extraordinary. It seems like they pay too much attention to their appearance, the character just feels appealing but you will not come out. Mohanlal is only in the movies, but he is influenced by some of his scenes. Ajay Devgan was good. It was not such a performance, he gave it all, it was a weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident, and it is likely to go a long way with good film. <br /> <br /> I probably had much hope for Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best. He was the publisher, but this was not enough yet. Nisha Kothari surprised me. He was mostly discouraged, but after his friend's death his mental scene was quite good. It looks like a director should find out who his talents help him, not his beautiful appearance. But my most disappointing chemistry was. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raja do not seem to be friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No emotions were found in Sushmita and Trishna. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not need their hated emotion. <br /> <br /> For the song, they suck very well. Urmila's Mehbooba was very excited and I was mostly sleeping with it. It was nicely though dance. Holy numbers were enjoyable, but not memorable. Went for the same song. Anyone who was looking at this movie, I was very disappointed. Because of his jungle, I had high hopes and G. Vie, but it seems that he has lost his talent while shooting this movie. But hopefully she will achieve her talent with the government. But this movie is well forgotten. Not all positive is still made for it annoying movie.
