I can not come up with adequate words to describe the horrific horror of sitting in Ramgopal Varma, who had seen half-hearted attempts to pay homage to the Western Sholas of the classic Bollywood. The biggest problem with Verma's remake is that she does not even try to make credible films. It is clear in every frame of the film that Verma's heart is not just in it. What you see on the screen is one of the best bad jokes, a mess in the filmmaker's part, and it really shows you that he really does not pay a little respect for a movie. He claimed that he was a fond of his life. I have seen several bad films for years, but I can not remember that one such torture was followed. If you are able to live the whole film, feel yourself very brave, because it tests your patience just like some movies. Verma can borrow its plot and characters from the original film, but its version is quarterly and hollow and it has no power and strength in Sholay. Ramgopal Verma is indeed a sunny monster because it is not like the original movie - too long-very annoying and totally stupid. Many favorite moments from Sholay are worried by Verma and for this you want to wring her neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, in which Verma, as Verma, stood up on Viterator and threatened to lean towards her death, Ajay Devgan played the hero in this film, threatening to open a pistol with his hand and show his pistol. How do you want him to drag the trigger and protect us from all the pain. Only Ramgopal Verma has failed like the rebuilding of Sholay, it is a very bad endeavor like academic films. Stylish-harmful background score Someone sounds like a ship's fisherman in the kitchen, and the camera-work is dramatic and head-cut. Most of the film's deadly actors are screened by these horrendous crime actors. Sushmita Sen's widow as Goddess, her role and film both critically, punctuating her line with breaks, staring in the camera for the impact, and usually acting like her life depends on it. Like Narsingh, Mohanlal struggled with his Hindi dialogue and felt embarrassed to supply some stupid lines of his extraordinary career. The new producer Prashant Rajkanya is not talking about any act of Rajkanya Raja and no growing intensity has brought Amitabh Bachchan to the original film. Hero, new-age vie, Ajay Devgan is completely frustrated, his efforts unfortunately failed. But the most vulnerable link in the movie is Nisha Kothari Ghungho as easily the most frustrating casting decision. She is a respected restorative shoe in the Shawla as a hairdresser of Hem Malini shoes. Nisha Kothari is not the worst actress of this country, but perhaps the worst actress in the whole world, she disturbs the word a whole new meaning and she wants to snatch your wrist while you go to the screen. And then, Amitabh Bachchan plays Bobby Singh or Ramgopal Verma's version of the most famous Hindi film villain Gabbar Singh. The only actress in this couple who recognizes the leading voice of the film and plays accordingly, the child constitutes a mood character, which is a behavior to look at. She is a comic book villain who snarls and sneers and herses and hams, and the good effect it will do all of it. But since he is trapped in this kind of debris, his performance does not really help in the film's development. There is no doubt, I'm going to zero down for the Ramgopal Verma Kiag, below ten to two zeros, one of those painful movie-watching experiences is not even an enemy issue. It's not like a Varma that is not operated before. Together with the government, he has gossiped with The Godfather, and it is very sad that he kept the earth in this Sholah so much preferred out of classics. Ramgopal Verma's decision of his worst career, is also a dark place for his restoration, he will forever be embarrassed. I think this film will be like Ramgopal Verma Ka Staga in the history of Mumbai.
