A drama of its very original, "Anna" shows the true truth that all actors age, and sometimes, fade away. Anna is a character who believes that America's security net, her home, and it can make her any mistake? But he refused to humiliate himself for doing something that he did not believe. When he talks about his life, he is hardworking, optimistic, lethal and arrogant, yet others are not afraid to move away, even though they throw them at a notice of moment. . Flip-flops in Anna's, which is an old-fashioned film, but the viewer's view is not the idea. "Anna" is praised for her star Sally Kirkland and for her role "Gargiie", but in 2008 one month, "Anna" is not the chief of the film culture. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Do not be afraid to play with BurkeVijk cameras, Kirkland is not afraid to use wooden frames to allow them to stand out, and to reduce the surrounding characters so that when you move away from the movie, it will be remembered by Kirkland. If it is not clear, this film does not sit well with me. After the first work began and deep between the second, "Anna" felt like producing a high school theater. Character was existent, there was no illuminated pre-story, and there was no definition of time or place. Selly had Kirkland, stubbornly saying that she is better than the other actress that she wants the same lifestyle. Randomly he encounters a friend, a young girl who has traveled long distances for glitches and glamor in America, and two of them (in 20 minutes) have developed a friendship that could break all the walls. It's emotionally annoying and unbelievable. Again, randomly, we met Anna's lover Danielle (played by the Weak Robert Fields), who does nothing in the table in terms of definitions or characters ?? Just focus on Kirkland's fetch. In about two hours, we combine with unexpected characters to see more random activity so that together a story can be collected by loose threads? And gently Kirkland. Arg, it hurts me to continue but "Anna" could be an extraordinary movie, although Baguavix brought Anna equal time between Daniel and Christian, but instead we were compelled to play one-sided where conspiracy with a lot of psychoanalytic views. <br /> <br /> Did the "Charles Theron" find inspiration from his beauty-less role "Monster", or the hello berry "Monster Balls"? One of the first actresses of Sally Kirkland discovered that their character will be allowed to go for Oscars from their side? Throughout this film I was annoyed by Anna's screenplay in Cincinnati, and there was a lack of excitement in another of Baguevics. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who does not work hard for his parts, does not care for others, and generally means spirit ?? Can we still feel sympathy for him? At the beginning of the film, he imposes what he wants to do to others, and is disturbed when he does not find his way. Sure, senior actresses have their appeal to me, but Kirkland has made a more child character rather than a mature man. Where "Anna" may be improved. It was a mature Kirkland, I would have gobbled it, but this stammering was impossible to believe to bring the child. My favorite scene was at the end where Anna played one of her old films (included illogical make-out characters) and burned the film, this is my favorite favorite of the scene. Anna made an extraordinary life for herself, made movies and made dreams, but when someone else wants to enter that spotlight, she is jealous and angry. It was not created for a character that I do not want to stand behind and do not want to win an Oscar. Classic 80's background synthesizer, top-end clothing of overwhelming overs, and isolated ends (where it came and what happened ??) connected to ?? "Anna" slipped away into the amazing movie opportunity. It was a show piece, it was a chance to wake up again for a breakthrough starter. This one works, but I do not think that I will make a fool again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was not influenced by this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about an old film star; It's about Sally Kirkland and simply Sally Kirkland. Bogyvicz tried to do more with this story, but Kirkland failed because he did not allow him or she only realizes that there is not enough to support a complete story. This film has one or two decent scenes, but it is nothing to promote this film as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz would believe that the audience did not create a character, tears for, or dedicated a Sunday afternoon ?? She made an annoyance. Kirkland was not brought, she was playing an actress overdone and crusty playing a bit beside her. Perhaps I missed the opportunity of this movie, but how do films like these works help everyone involved. That was not the case here. In "Anna", Kirkland instructed Daniel to do a doglike job (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet during the full psychological scene, I could not help but remember what was like the set of the quartet. He did not make it in a film, he converted into a product, and because of that "Anna" failed. Can not I suggest this to anyone ?? From one check to another? leave it! <br /> <br /> Grade: * ½ out ***** (that pesky theater scene that outpaced me out)
