I would probably see this show with my friends in 2003 or 2004. Of course, at that time I was a kid and enjoyed some joke on this occasion. I was 11 in 2003, and now 14 years (2007). Although my age probably played a major role in the trial of this show, after reading the reviews of others, I came to see that in the third episode, the show went on to the tube. I agree This program is unreasonable, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> This event revolves around Timmy Turner, because he was given two fairy godparents because his life was terrible - his parents were never near, and he was a nasty child sitter. The whole program is the plot of this child (Timmy) and his goddesses always wish to destroy something which can not be hindered by any desire, because they do not say anything about "The Rules". The program has a lot of lines that can be repeated, such as "magic can not break true love, super toilet" or even some curious joke lines, which Nicholedodon probably thought to be funny and decided to set up different episodes in different ways. <br /> <br /> The show is targeted at children under the age of 10, because it contains gross conditions and "baby humor" which will not care for most of my age children. Character voice selection is very good. Timmy has Cosmo as a very strong, sharp, feminine voice. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's father sounds like some host or game show host, Timi's mother's voice is highly exaggerated to listen to women. The attitudes of this show are: Teemy speaks in a few episodes and gets spoiled and spoiled. Wanda is apparently smart and intelligent. Cosmo stupid, stupid and incompetent to think, Timi's father. Timmy's mom's father's doing what seems to be the end. <br /> <br /> Now this event has moved away from reality to get my choices. Probably as a little kid, I can see more of humor in this show, but when I grow up, it becomes old. And accepting or not hearing the word "trashing" but the show is the mentality that wants to make you homicidal activity towards letters. A show like this would be just your attitude, if you know what I know. If not, it basically disgusts you.
