I can not stand this show! Sometimes a release quality, a fun fifth, or a plot line that does not mean "average" to the average audience do not want to sink itself into a bowl of cornflakes? <br /> <br /> Voices Oh, those awesome, humiliated voices. Akin repeatedly pulls a set of fine cut across Dusty Blackboard, each character is uniquely annoying in his skills for his shoulders, nostalgic voices. Cosmos sounds like an impressive mongrel, the Wiki sounds like a stereotypical f rew, and Timmy's father makes a sound word like a bad facade (hosts of a game show) ("Sesame Street" Guy comes to mind Smiley). <br /> <br /> Animation is awful; Even "U-G-oh!" Producer of! Smile at the hugely bad artwork on this show. Each character has three heads in its teeth, or a square head, or head too big for its body. And how do the characters think each single line is shiny and greens, as prepared for the photo with the President? Then, the fact that this event is totally stupid in every character is true. Because of the subtle favor of Amelia Bedelia, Homer Simpson and the "Charles in Charge" fame body, Lambebeke, the characters are so unimportant as stupid. Generally the word "irrational" is synonymous with "irrational", and it must certainly be most important here. Based on the foolishness of "Naked song 33 1/3", these were not many crystals ... and at least Leslie Nilsson was good at it. Finally, the main foundation of the ceremony (and it's like every single episode, there is such a big time explosive alert): Timmy wants to do something with his two "rough weird parents", something goes wrong, There are always some persuasive reasons why he can not immediately withdraw the course and seek forgiveness, and then everything turns out just fine. Oh, and besides, Timmy's parents never believe in the complaint about the wiki, and they continue to use him for every opportunity. Perhaps it's me, but it appears that a child's show contains such delicate messages that it is probably not good to say to the objectionable bbaiteer, but this is not a great idea. <br /> <br /> If you are writing a paper and want to cite an example of how much cartoon quality has deteriorated, it would be a great place to start "fairly weird parents". A major example of television producers is throwing out vain stuff aiming at children with an impossible or effort, because they know that anyone can see it anywhere.
