When I saw the trailer for the first pram night, I must admit, the trailer is good and it will be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw a prominent night last night and I need to tell that it will definitely grow up because it was a comedic movie, I do not mention that I am usually afraid of so sick and tired people with the help of vague words. There was no tension, character, I had to take care of them? They had no development, what the killer? Oh, my God, maybe it was the most stupid serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why is such a man that sometimes (or at least we knew) dead, killed his family's family and friends that he only is obsessed? I mean, was he going to kidnap him or would he kill him? I have no idea because the film did not make any sense and the real hypothetical and insulting of the horror fans. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was brutally murdered by his teacher, who was very overwhelmed with him, he was captured and kept in jail. It has been 3 years and she is now getting some peace in her life, she is even going to her senior promo. But the murderer escaped and still has given up his mind, he follows in his promotion which means bad news for his friends, hotel maid and bell boy because it is a good idea to kill maid and bell. The boy became suspicious enough to check to see if any of these employees are there. Donna is very troubled because these killers can clearly enter the house and kill strangers, okay, wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really love this movie, we did not have a good slashback flick for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie that I was not fascinated. The only situation was incredible and the actors were obnoxious. I know it was a PG-13 movie, but how did I just beat someone seriously and had only a little blood on their clothes? Does not mention any stab holes? If you are not a young person, I would not recommend this movie, this film was made for teenagers, not for adults, but for those who do not know the real horror movie, there is no crime for those who enjoy this movie. I can not understand what anyone can do. <br /> <br /> 2/10
