"The Hedging" is a movie I always like to see based on the cover image depicted in IMDB. Yes, how am I I do not care if millions of people call it a shit movie, poster looks awesome so I guess I would see it ?? Now, "The hedgehog" may be described as a substitute title: Strange! Posters and titles make it sound like a genuine horror film set on the campus and deal with the terrible enterprises style, but this film is actually a crossbred between comedy and thriller. After all, I have seen something wrong in the tagline of the old VHS box. It's saying: her good grade, good girl and good friend ?? Until they keep him through the hasing. In fact, progressive Gilbert Lewis was accepted by the admired campus through athletics scholarship. The film takes more than half of the time, before we return home to his girlfriend and the only "friend" is a very cruel Charles Martin Smith (still with the hair of this film). ). Both of them became a member of the prestigious "Delts" Brotherhood, but their hazing test period ? Which is they have to grow their dry white undies in the mountain? Barney falls off a steep and breaks his feet.When Louis returned with other frat boys, Barney already frozen the death together. They put the body in the concrete for five days and then he did not claim Returned from a ski trip on a weekend. While Bernie's body is hidden in the cafeteria fridge, Lewis has a cover for her. The "Hijing" set up is quite original and potentially innovative, but Professor Dr. has been very good at blaming here. The sound is very stable and very serious for a comedy film, even a black but suspense on the other hand. There is no proper effort to build the thrills. The soundtrack is full of fun and light-hearted tones, but this film is not enough to create a comedy. Within a span of about a minute, the plot comes out of steam and the idea and the makers do not have an option to fill vacuum with the romantic compilation of Levi's and outside the outdoor outside of the rural outskirts of the city, with the romantic collection of biking. I did not like the final wrapping, because it is quite impossible and because it has been many times before and after (though it has been accepted later). "The Hezing" is not a complete waste of time, but recently I found pre-rental rental tape at a friend's house instead of spending money on the released DVD.
