The Prim Night is shot with artistic eyes when someone fits the lifetimes of the original film genuinely. You know one This October, Lifetime is a stellar pre-boyfriend followed by a story about a woman who tells a woman to survive (Here is the name of the disease) breaks from brave stories. Is it dramatic ?? Is it sad It's very dull. It is not a series, it's a story telling or struggling for some kind of innovation. Entertainment night shares this misery. Seeing the killer tearing off the holes in his victims, we sat quietly because they fell into the floor without blood glances. It happened to me that it was the most obvious killer of movie history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working very well with the killers, so he was forced to enter the corner of the camera to enter the corner of the camp. Think about Matthew McConaughey coming to you with a knife. Will you probably go ?? "Oh! It feels good that people will kill me?" Not too scary for a second, so the director threw shade and mirror on his shirt. This mirror shot is repeated on the point of sickness because it is virtually the idol of God. You will get 15 shocks in this movie, 2 of which jumped my date (I can mention that she is afraid of everything). I decided to take halfway with the picture and at one point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> If this image is not sufficiently disinterested, it seems to be cut off. I do not say what seems to be the point left on the floor in the cutting room, because the crew suddenly prevents some narrowness of a horror movie; As you move from the film scene to the scene, I say, you often get jerking jump. This is such a thing that when you expect that a film is burnt to the fire and a projectionist is forced to end together, his fingers cross and are expected for the best. The editor should be shot. <br /> <br /> With a plot you can get two sentences, a blast of explosion spray, an emo killer and a very special episode of "Silver Spunes", left without any reason to support this weekend? At least on the big screen. In fact, such films should be punished. Is it really that hard to make a horrible movie? This crew was even aware they made a horror movie ?? !! My time and your a complete waste. I get this review to bootlet boot. Do not let my sacrifice be vain. Do not go to the movie !!!
