When you put this player in your player and hit "Play", you get a brief silence experience and watch a black screen that leads the laser to the right start at the center of the disc. Church at the moment. Make sure you have some tilelals or something (especially you can fall asleep due to PM), because once you start this movie, you're going to have a serious headache. <br /> <br /> Big breasted girls played a bunch and with an opening that makes me a little shy, I thought I was in good time. Sure, the early sequence was WEE bit weird and most of the jokes were flat, and it seemed as if it was a scrum rff (maybe my only chocolate was from Julie Stryn's final comment in this scene). But then I knew that the problem was ... the opening sequence was a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at the DVD section titled "Top on Backward!" And "better than SEX!". I knew what would be the point of sale of this movie. <br /> <br /> And it's a sad fact: The only good thing about this movie is the interesting cast. Nevertheless, it is a tragic routine slasher film that puts the concept of killing kills in the "innovative" concept, which seems to be fake anyway. So, the whole movie is another misleading and pointing towards trying this extraordinary mystery, but it adds until it is only interesting and you feel that you are not taking care of any characters. I mean, can you feel your sympathy when the main character of the movie is released to kill a innocent woman? The impact of Scrum is prevalent throughout the time with a Scratch Face Killer and some really terrible jokes. We are treated with the main character scene to talk with her mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other cool part of the movie) about abortion or something. Uh. Yes ... this is not a "bad-to-good" movie, it's just BAD <br /> <br /> Somebody compared it to cotton film with it, but ... you know that a movie that comes from the full moon (or its offspring, this film is proof) is horrible. Not too terrible in a tromba sense - I've seen many trommed movies, and I can tell the truth that they all offer something, which you can go away and tell your friends afterwards. However, there are a lot of things in this photo almost all enjoyable. Be careful
