What is a complete piece of trash The plot, however, when a movie activity moves around the plane, you will work at the homework for a few more details for the author / producer / director (or anyone else!). The mistakes were so great that I was stuck at the end of the film. Here are just a few: I'm happy that I missed the SR-71 sequence - some "Air Force One" were worse than the F-117 philosophy. Commercial airlines usually have their logo painted in aircraft instead of BOEING 747 ?? Perhaps the use of some Boeing ads / promotion footage by (cheap) director. The well-crafted wire cable cable connected by wire nuts, the middle-a-million-dollar aircraft avionics are the lowest mediocre for the cable. Depending on the pressure of oxygen instead of oxygen in the 747-like airline ship, only to maintain emotional air, and if they rely on on-board supplies, then the cancer is much larger than fist size. Medical tape is not a suitable alternative for connecting a threaded hose. Those who were F-16s, not F-15s Mach 1+ (sound speed) will be difficult to reach the static engine for the takeoff (see airspaid indicator). "Standard structure" is maintaining a structure within just a nautical mile, the "root" form that they are flying - is not the most effective structure without any interruption. "Aviation Lock Obligation" could not get the attention of an airline pilot - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not inter-flight communication for some fire preparation. Depression from opening a door to flight is not the foundation for an immediate steep left bank. Yelling in a headset does not transmit it. Magnetic headlines are not "Baerings", and titles are 001 and 360 degrees (the compass is like the compass on the ground!), So the left-bending (not the port "?) 618 to 502 is just" stupid "from a" bearing ". The case is impossible "to bend until the right warrior is reached" impossible? This kind of 360 degree rolls results will get the result until it is centralized again. The possibility of the reciprocity of the respondent to find and successfully attract the autopilot is actually slightly more than the possibility of landing the jet safely. Airplanes do not stop immediately after returning to throttle, and 747 has multiple levers in control of multi-engine pressure, usually before the landing gear extension and Immediate Landing (good way to crash Movements are reduced to seconds before the breaks, wheel breaks must stop an airplane, just drag throttles (this time a different lever to the movie), which lets you finish at the end of the runway, I mentioned that the fighter aircraft were Do not F-16s and F-15s? What do I guess ?? And that's exactly what I remember from this horrible movie recently.
