French director Jean Rollin is not entirely known for great movies, and why this confusing mess is one of the reasons. The title of the most confusing thing about this production. For the well-known director for managing erotic films about lesbian vampires; You want to be a film with the word 'nude' in the head, especially the bare breasted; But there really is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires with no clothes; We have got a serious plot about a man who wants to unravel the secret of immortality, a young woman whose sorrow may be, and may be included in suicide, which can not do much. This film started with a continuation that shows a young girl caring with a young French man with a mysterious cloak in the mask, which can be the son of an important person. Through his investigation, he soon discovered that this woman is not just an ordinary woman, and it is deeply confused with religion; He discovered that bullets could not be killed with bullets, can not drink blood and can not go out in the light of day ... sounds like a clear cut case of vampires in me. <br /> <br /> <br /> It fails to be interesting because the film, but the plot is so badly executed. It is possible to continue what is going on, but there are many other films to follow only similar plots. The director wanted to know that he had also ruined this plot, because Climax was originally an excuse to explain the film to the audience. Finally throwing a throw; But the film has been better without it. I think these gene rollin was an attempt to be a small root, but instead of a logical continuation of the story it was closed as a Ham-faced effort. Cinematography is fairly clear, it is taking place in much Gothic position. The girls meet the beautiful picture on the board and the role of the film joins with rationality and lack of compatibility, it creates it for some style. It was built in 1969 in the film's defense; Which suddenly explains the lack of shocks, I can not recommend this movie because there is not much about it, which is worth the note.
