There may be some speaker in this review. <br /> <br /> When you thought that they did not make it so bad, Rai Don Chong was a Space Wixen and Willie Nesson as an American American Witchcraft! Worse than this, when you see these two better aspects of 'starlight', this is a film that should be laughing just to see <br /> <br /> Chang sent a foreigner to find only the remaining. Half a line, part and alien part of the people. Apparently, the earth is terrible straits. Something about humanity's genetics is wrong, and it will be the world's contaminated landing for decades. Only tribal nation can save the planet by imitating half-line DNA. Do not ask me how to do it, because the movie gives impression that the earth will be destroyed by pollution, which is caused by humans. You think the world will live only by releasing contaminated animals, not saving them! However, the half-line is known as Billy Weiss, who participated in a Native American part of a man living in a small Southwestern town and his mother's line, although his mother was red-headed Caucasian and his grandfather Willie Nelson. Was not it like Melcke that the Carmen Electro bomb made the 'Selected nominee' bomb? Chang came to his ship, just as Wirth used to break down his motorcycle in a lake, and after nearly drowning it was the result of breaking his girlfriend. Before saying the word 'Hogwash', it has revealed the hidden mystery of Chong With, who is not amazed for a moment, and spreads the word to the family of the uprising. Chong also makes pals with Wit's mother, who seems to have lost some of her marble for years. Well, that's why Wit's father was a foreigner who left him. Of course, he is a typical rogue tribe who has chosen this moment to come to earth for a while so that he can use the DNA of the world to create his slaves. (HU?) His telepathic power utilization and its ridiculous endeavor for capture captures most of the time during the screen and the worst scene in the movie Not only are they boring, but the scenes where you'll see the most flubblocks. <br /> <br /> The ideas can be beautiful on paper, but they are here handily executed here, especially in the aforementioned scene with rogue aliens. But the impact movie crown The opening scene connects the Chunk with its spaceship, communicates with its superior, nobody sees us, but Chong communicates with a VAT that emits light in the light. They do not use any spoken words, but use telepathy, so our subtitles are treated. The problem is that both Chang and its parent subtitles look the same and the director does not give you any indication at any moment that one is actually 'talking' at a given moment, which is nothing but insult to the entire conversation. This is one of the worst effects spotships from nearby Hollywood film Ed Wood. Now, I'm not usually dominant while working with such low-budget films, but these effects really got me. The most aggressive was the easiest one: a night sky in a fake night. They are so loud that they close the dial tone in the sky. The most notable moment is that Chang tells someone from his Pleiweed, and we got a shot of seven stars. Things are about half of the stars in the movie, but no starjord knows that a star cluster and cluster between Plyoid Perseus and Taurus do not take much space in the sky. These effects are just so mad that your jaw is less passing and hanging lower with each passing moment. Be careful, because it will go to the right side of Finley after Will Nelson becomes the spotlight of the people. . . Oh, it will be seen to be believed! <br /> <br /> Starlight, star bright; Last night I see tonight; I wish, I wish; Today, the trash will not have any more attention. <br /> <br /> Score score: 1 out of 10
