I realize that bringing a novel on the big screen is always problematic. What I can say about this truly awesome adaptation is the only positive thing. <br /> <br /> Do you read 'the intelligent blood?' This is an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor writes about the south as someone else has. He was himself a South, a devout Catholic, and was an outstanding author. In his first novel, he gathered together a dark and deeply annoying story of faith, suspicion and release with humor and wonderful disguise. Book Characters may seem gratifying to those living in rural South, but I can assure you that such people exist. They just do not exist, they are people, people with feelings like feeling and other people. The purpose of Flannery was often misunderstandings - he saw that these backwoods were lampamping zealots - he saw the beautiful operation that would be called 'grace' even in their most beautiful, painful, and tragic situations. Wear 'Wise Blood' and wash it with the feeling of fierce anger. Finally, our long and difficult thoughts about our judgment and preconceptions - our entire world scene. <br /> <br /> No one comes to adapt to the adaptation of John Holstein's 'Gilgini's Island'. None. This is a Frenchman. A bad castle The whole picture is related to Hupur, which becomes stomach. Acting poor, southern commentary, fake and insulting. Movie makers display no insight into thinking of religious southerners. Miss O'Connor's intense prose gags and cheap, amateur theater is reduced to sight. Soundtrack Hexed Sillings and Clockwork Orange-style cheese blend electronics that do not match stories or even movies. I was admitted to this movie free and almost walked out. Really, really terrible. On one side, I do not agree with Mrs. O'Nanner's religious viewpoint, and when I was raised in the deep south, many years ago I made my way to the north and looked back. But a beautiful place (like all other places in the world), like the South impressive people, and the cartoon spider that is south and their attitudes make these movie lines offensive. If you are offended (which is not me), then this movie is mostly beyond the definition line. <br /> <br /> I do not like to talk bad about an artist's work - John Houston was a man I do not know, and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker, who watched his honorable place in film history. . My opinion reading Spanish O'Connor's work (and loved ones) is clearly skewed. So I do not claim to be coming from any other perspective. Maybe it works as a stand-alone film for the cinephile. But for Flannery O'Connor fans - and, I can add volunteers to the south and open to all the trap people - this movie is a waste of time.
