This film is in religion, so it is impossible to separate it by commenting on religion. In my opinion, this film pretends to discover deeper problems, but emphasizes stereotype and bias; With a little true insight. The filmmakers (and therefore, the author) failed to see. They did not realize that Allah is the author of beauty and in the proper context of marriage binding emotions and sexual satisfaction. The nudity is sinful to believe that the people of the society are based on the basis of the story, and both men and women who enjoy the marriage work are dirty, it is only an enhancement. Such genres really do not exist, even the caring husband of the Jewish holy writings can be clearly spoken, who seeks the satisfaction of his own husband on his own. The Bible says that a man must love his wife as his own body and whoever does not hate his flesh, he nourishes and cherishes him. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, ignoring the writer and the character completely, the Old Testament contains Song Solomon and even the Book of Proverbs, which says, "Rejoice in your wife's wife, let her breasts always satisfy you!" How can we read in other ways than God knows, and approve, and the sunny, married union and its enjoyment? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who deny Jewish / Christian religion a very basic education. God never said those things. It's stupid. Sonia rebelled because of the abuse of God's true God's teaching. It does not have to be so. Sad The real need was Sonia whether it was true, or tradition. Knowing, loving and obedient to God, we love others more; Before themselves This is the belief of faith in Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph. Once for all children satisfied; Purchased and paid for by Jesus Christ, godly. But okay, ignore it and leave ancient, holy scriptures and look at the knowledge of homeless people and ghosts. This is a good plan. I would not recommend this movie; Partly because the sexual content is unnecessary graphic, but it does not really provide any valuable insight. See "Yantel" if you want to see a more effective treatment of contrasts with Jewish traditions.
