I am so indifferent by this documentary. I am completely embarrassed and amazed by the Perterticicans are illustrated. This documentary was not about Perterticans culture. It was about Nuurian culture. Perterticans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and Puerto Rican population should not be generalized. Rosie, before you a documentary, you will have to research. You must check your source credibility and make sure. Puerto Rixans are not all loud and they have classes, which lack a thing to show the documentary. When I saw Rusty and Jimmy in Marthy Stewart's view and Rose, I was very excited to see it. I love even Puerto Rico so much because I was sure to tell my parents. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the documentary spread to the United States and Puerto Rican people looked like a bunch of pigs. You must go to Puerto Rico and you will find that Puerto Rico is not the third world country where 50% of the population is poor. Puerto Rico College and the well-known universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, mollus (I have ever seen the largest committees and jacuzzi), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Riots, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture, auto express, and Just few names in the restaurant. Poverty? 50% of the population Puerto Rican culture is trying to move family, music, food, celebrations, and retreats. Oh, and new cats do not just pop up anywhere. Not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a GETO thing. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rico who want to teach their children about Puerto Rico, have to invest in a trip with the family so that they can see the first hand about Puerto Rico. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show this documentary because they only cloud their mind with the negative. Oh, and please do not tell your American friends to see this documentary because it only senses the Puerto Rican people. <br /> <br /> Yes, I am born and raised Puerto Rican to the island. What you just want to do!
