When I heard it was rebuilt in 2001, I had high hopes because I was reading "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was young and I found it very interesting. They made some changes in the story that do not give me much knowledge. Danielle Webster was a famous New Hampshire lawyer in the story. He is an editor in the film A lawyer has become more sensible, since he end up representing Jazez Stone against Satan (he was a man in the story, but there was a woman in the movie) his soul is at the end of the trial. As an editor, Daniel Webber does not seem to have the skill to do this work. <br /> <br /> Acting was all good except for Alec Beldwin and Dan Icod. These two actors that I like, they did not do a terrible job in this movie. It seemed as if they were acting in a comedy, but the film was even more serious than a comedy. This is partly due to the fact that the film was portrayed with a certain aspect and then re-edited by someone else. Given this incident, it is surprising that it was all coherent. I was surprised to see a fair amount of SNL Cast members in the movie, which makes me more confident that it was originally portrayed more than a comedy. <br /> <br /> I would not say it was completely awkward to everyone, but it was not much better. If I can go back one and a half hours and do something else with it, I want to. The last was especially frustrating. As the real story, Daniel Webster defeated Satan in the trial. Then Jabez started again at the beginning of the movie ... In the literal sense, we only returned to Jabez in the first scene, and then the movie suddenly came to an end. Actually they saw that they only played the first scene of Jabze again and called it to the end. There is no indication of Jabez's knowledge or experience that he has any advantage, so he is not saying that he did not repeat his mistake again, and perhaps over an infinite loop too? It's a highly frustrating end and not much knowledge. Modest cast, and everyone else's acting except the Ballwin and Icodd, is the only thing that can be seen as a complete and total wide sandwich.
