Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I started this review by asking this question because the picture I saw was Hollywood Shafael, not funny but rather dramatic. Due to the lack of definition (comedy or drama), it tried so hard to create a point, clever clever themes and specific comments were lost. Although I am convinced that too many ethnic profiling is happening in Hollywood, I still do not believe that the inauguration of the Townsend Director's Anointing did much to stop it. Instead, I think it added more fuel to the fire. Townicend's comic timing in this movie was frustrating because the content of his content was that he was promoting instead of him and vice versa. Funny comedy in parts that were supposed to be serious were destroyed in no way by the lack of poor. Townsend was a decent idea to this film, but sadly the death penalty hit the film. If you look at the preview before the movie (which I continually do), then you will immediately get the wrong impression for what you are going to see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent, comic movie that expresses interest in viewers' intelligence, but in fact it can not be anything more than true truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem of Hollywood shuffle is the story itself (because it lacks expansion); It's the direction of Townsend She had a wonderful idea with this photo. Hollywood exploitation that exploits our nation. The inferior idea, but why can not he execution very well? The first reason is that its ideas are very random and sporadic. The film's structure was like seeing a heart attack on a monitor in the hospital, we literally are everywhere without warning or map. It was clear that the Townsend had to say a little, but it was only a short time to do it. So, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and actually creating a smart film, he simply removes it together and it works that the prayer Sorry, it's not. Instead of smart comedies, we have pictures of many ideas, comedic squits and unused actors, which make this movie almost unexpected. Townsend breaks the most, tries to be funny, covers the film. In order to make a villain known as Jess Carl to parody Ciselle and Ebert, in a fight against Townsend's attempt to make fun while filming a message about the film industry. This small intermediate skit is actually confused with the central focus of the film and actually destroys internally. Although Townsend is trying to make fun of Hollywood's life, he seems to be connecting with every stereotype and clerk in the book. The beautiful majesty can only be transformed into ordinary generic humor which never stays away from rest. <br /> <br /> So, if you do not get to laugh in this story, maybe there is some consolation. Some of the Waiyan brothers help spice up this dull story. Wrong! Wayans have this picture, but Townsend shows that he even has the ability to bring out even the worst family out of this entertainment family. Surely at the moment of their pre-living color, we can see that the comedy was something that needs to be constantly progressed. Perhaps it was Townshend's directive, or just this sad story, but when critics of this film used to be degraded and ignored, it was usually ignored by the comedians. I thought that the Townsend that wanted to pull down Townsend from Hollywood Shafael is a fun, bright, and a real hit in this two-dimensional Hollywood horror. Sadly, it was not at the top. Finally, I want to say that this is an effective movie. There were moments (when they were somewhat in the middle of the road), which was a smile on my face, the final product did not settle well with me. Townsend might be fun, but in this photo he felt like playing himself against himself instead of through his own personal experiences and troubles. I understand that he was probably speaking the truth, but it did not come as well. Instead, we've been threaded through a weaker story that supports myself with stupid flash clips that have worked for Citcom, but certainly did not work for this movie. Even those who made the comment that their debut was anointing and she was learning from this movie, I have to agree with me. If you are starting fresh, there is a tight script or defining theme. There was none of them in Townsend, and with the inability to control its actors, he simply failed to say the fire. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was rather frustrating than watching. This reminds me of a spelling bee in grade school where it's finally time to spell your child. The word is tough, but the first two to three letters come out, you think that it is going to work perfectly, but then there is a random "P" and silent "R" that forces you to get down. How did I feel about Hollywood Shafel? At first, I saw the potential, I saw the theme and purpose behind the image, but after a vague and inexperienced technique and the first few scenes, I felt deep feeling. Townsend This one sank his own ship, and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will ever think of submergge again as an important moment in Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> Grade: * ***** Out
