After a predominant opening bank-hest scene, 'Set It's Off' directly enters the gutter and drowns. It is a film that deals with nasty, threadbare stereotypes rather than character, unrestrained manipulation of coherent plot, and a hidden cocktail of cloning feelings instead of thought, intelligence or feeling and a secret cocktail of unwanted violence. In short, it is not different from 90% of the products in Hollywood. But it is a particularly tragic example of the making of contemporary cinema that makes racial cones that 'set it off' is made. As a celebration of 'breathtaking' celebration, this picture is actually the most deadly celebrations of African-American 'gangsta' denying stereotype. At this time, the hostage gangstas are dragged. This film does not only suggest that gangstyzism has become a victim of African Americans' cash or a slight identity for a bit annoying feeling. It gives gifts as a worthless rewarded person and earns money and keeps burning on everything else. Worse, 'set-up' utilizes ethnic disparity and problem theme as a device only to expand its weak plot structure. Social issues related to armed robbery are narrowed down to narrow down armed robberies, and the film must inevitably produce the current endeavor, as long as the offense is punished, the LAPD turns into a caretaker, criminal-liberal liberal (tell Rodney King) , And aspiring 'good' Sasta, Jada Pocket Smith, Following the path of moving forward in the middle of self-temptation of middle-class self-motivated Hood to open it to her boyfriend by bank manager boyfriend. 'Set It's Off', Unrealistic in the contemporary blackplumbing film, the psychological gangsta pretends to stereototypes and 'thinks of the time of the annihilation of celebrating Hood's life. In the 1970s, the choices of 'shaft' and 'superfluous' could distort stereotype and restore the plots, but their innovation, a power and an indispensable one that hit a word with the audience of all the nations and still makes them fun. From the days of the committed successes in the early 1990s, the set-up bricks will be closed if there is no trace of African-American film-making and archaeological evidence.
