Yesterday I saw the second part. And I would say, it was actually better then the first. At the beginning, I realized that this is actually a cylinder, not a restoration but a good one. I do not like the old film and the Galactica series, because the cylinders looked like toast (just as it was mentioned in this new film) and were completely brutal for the old galactica. This movie is moving towards the side - the people were inferior, but the whole film was completely chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example "computer expert" story - completely a crap. If I was a script writer, then I would die in her house and kill the woman in Silon. And exile from the planet? Oh, please 50 bombs by 50 mg (why exactly 50 metric ??) Nikos, they will die killed by radiation. And how is it actually possible that Ceylon's big flight was completely hidden before the attack? Oh, this is probably the computer virus, which was made by Ceylon - the script was probably written in a school of ten years old. The good part of the movie is that people have finally been defeated !! Really defeated, near the extinction of the population (children are dying - two clear in the film: 1. a baby !!! probably one month old and the maximum ten year old girl - no violence ...). And the bad asses won and I think this is the first episode of Saifai Galaxy War. I also thank the design of cylinders (not just Humaid Sillen :-) Good work with these ships - I like the design of the ship, both of them - a cylinder of the people. Human ships are not a good version of older ones. And galactica - really nice with these docks, I like that. But all this, only the design is not enough. Acting was really bad, the whole plot was anticipated (not only two things - human cylinders of Ralgardox and human cylinders at the end). The dialogues were small (and only stupid was stupid in Slovakia, but that is not the fault of the movie). The whole movie looked like a pilot film for the series, but who will beat this series? What will it be One star for the second design for the extinction of humanity.
