This movie is a mess, but at least it is not pretentious. For the video box art of 1950 it is marketed as "fun ahead" in the giant bug films. In reality it is the "alignment" transparent basement ripoff. <br /> <br /> The producers apparently wanted to create "Alan", but they did not have much money. Indeed, they really did not have any money, it does not seem like. I hope everybody has done this work that has worked. <br /> <br /> The basic plot has been maintained - the insects killed by humans have been cut off by animals - and a countrywide position is inserted for budget reasons, I think. Instead of putting the film in place, where no one can cry, they set this movie in a hospital, where everyone keeps your budget empty. Interesting thing about "blue monkeys" (and the only interesting thing about it), filmmakers did not give up the "Allen" beauty. Even though we are in a hospital, we still have a vaguely frequent character where science fiction is being examined, respectful "Growth Hormone" plot instrument in this case. Annex is also doubled as a boiler room (or something), so we may have an explanation for the giant seeking warmth. The boiler room is so large that it is tall with multi-level steel catwalks, which is perfect for dropping into slaps among slams. <br /> <br /> The idea is that flowers in a greenhouse are drooping from a rare imported plant that a man is infected by a flower that increases in a foreign location. He touched it and said "wow", so we know that he has been hit. Cutting his finger off him in a minute of silence, and in the hospital, he gave birth to a white worm (I think it would be called "Methbarster" in the movie "Allian")? Pests are disconnected, but some naughty little children (leukemia patients) tear it and "accidentally" give it some experimental growth hormones. When you know someone in trouble, many staff members in the hospital are attacked by a jackfruit and soon a supervisor finds some compulsory cocoons, which is caught by a pair of semi-trusted insects. The rest of the movie is dominated by semi-offscreen giant, semi-dark semi-secret <br /> <br /> which brings us to "Allen" How do you ask, in a movie set that can include all the flashing straw lights that are always "ALIEN" movies? There is no problem ... the waste of electricity (or some) makes the electrical system horrible, which clearly shows that the strobe lights swell in every room of the hospital and constantly flick through the film. Doubles as a convenient clock for less special effects (though the bugs look pretty good, they are not removed very well and bugs look nicely as a fun comedy toy). Okay, so what "ALIEN" bases we have not covered ... Oh, tipping down the walls of water! Check ... We'll split the large hospital into two parts, then send some letters through damp basements to the other side. To solve the problem, we now have the opportunity for many "foreboding tunnel" shots. And do not forget the fog ... well, you do not need an excuse for this horror movie, you? All right, maybe you're going inside a hospital, so we'll spark lots of things and burn them to smoke. <br /> <br /> I did not tell the actors, did not say anything about the incompetent acting. No kind of follow script. I was supposed to be it "blue monkeys" light and funny, and so if it is a nice try, but the pieces do not come together and the movie ends up being a real drag. Watch a movie called "Return of the Elements: The Deadly Spoon", if you want to see a movie that is accurate, even with lesser meaning and even more limited acting talent. This one falls flat on his ALIEN.
