How can they play Al Pacino in this movie? This movie is absolutely terrible. After reading some other reviews I discovered that some people have actually enjoyed this movie, which makes me feel crazy, because I do not see how anyone in their right mind can enjoy such horrific movies like the revolution. This is not just a bad film, it is a nasty plot and overall curiosity which is very unpleasant, but it seems that the filmmakers have become mentally disappointed (which is why this movie exploits in such a way that it is probably still compared to other films made by retards. sucks) or deliberately snee out every irrational to make this movie suck as much as possible Made of paddy For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with his face a huge, fat ugly joke. She usually does not have a joke. Copper is not added to its character. It's ugly and confusing. It's not like the rage of Robert De Niro; It's so bad Why did he get that joke? It seems as if the filmmakers only said, "Let's see how this film can make it worse than ever, I know Mr. Letterland should be given a monster, ugly-angled right on her face." <br /> <br /> Another example of filmmakers is the character of the idiot Noodles. We see, the young ned for the first three quarters of the movie. At one stage, "six months later" is displayed on screen. We again see Nede, and of course, the same actor plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" was shown on the screen, and suddenly we got a different kind of player like Old Ned. Do they think we are stupid? Good god Again, as filmmakers say, "How can we possibly make it worse? I do not think we can wait ... ... I had a terrible idea!" I know that the kid does not grow in half year, which is fine, but increases in more than three weeks. Only other actors will not be able to play Nad, or play at least five minutes to play at least three minutes of small children. In addition, the child who plays "old" is not older than the "young" ned. In fact, he is not completely different, watching a taller or older than many skier and original actors, which is very confusing, since I was like a reasonable man, it was a new and different character initially <br /> <br /> <br /> Movie The first baby to die, was the picture? Because he was in the first hour, and then suddenly three weeks later, the lock stock and two smoking barrels were playing Nedi for the last five minutes of the movie. Even if the original actor dies, filmmakers should have at least one actor who feels like keeping his role alive and repeating the scene five minutes after "six months". Well, just scrap the movie completely, never end it and do not publish it, do not even tell anyone about it, because at that time they realized that their film has diminished and that they will waste more money and time by finishing it and succeeding . <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is so bad that you do not see it; It's too bad that you will see it, see how badly it sucks. It's terrible, terrible.
