He derailed the entire revolution as the brilliant actor, Al Pacino ?? The role of an illiterate trapper caught in the American War of Independence is totally incompatible with its method of acting. Most of the blame was directed by Hugh Hudson (yes, the person who made the chariot of fire only a few years ago?) A director was given a lot of work to make marathon of actors, enriching credible performance from them, but in this case Hudson allowed the passino to run arrogant without any restraint. It's not just Ala's career which is due to at least performance There is a lot of flaws in the revolution, which will be called later. <br /> <br /> Unclear trapper Tom Dob (Al-Pasino) is the son of North America's northeast region (Sid Oven / Duster Fluorcher). The simple life leads ?? The land closed, raising his son, living against the material. The country is assumed by the settlers, The defeated and independent American nation ends with birth, in which case Dub is caught when his boat and his son are detained by the continental army. They turn away from the events, who are fighting for their lives and for the sake of their own life in bloody blood . Tom also falls in love with a beautiful and fiery woman, Daisy McConnah (Natassja Kinski) of British elite ancestors. Their forbidden love is played against the big historical context of war. <br /> <br /> Where to start photo flaws? The biggest actor is the miscast ?? The passino has already been criticized, but Kinsale is better paid than the hired elite, when Donald Sutherland is frustrated as a violent English soldier, like the Yorkshire Accent. Robert Dillon's script is disturbed by his efforts to bring historical events to a personal level. At any time nobody is making a decision that it is used to carry stories alongside American Revolution as a backdrop, or an epic war film with an intense pictured character. As a result, the description does not fall into the territory of a human being, which arises arbitrarily and meaninglessly from "grand philosophy" to "short stories". The scores of John Corigliano are pretty frightening, and are pouring on the proceedings with thoughts or subtlety. Whisdom Hudson's order is odd to decide on the use of the annoying camera work during the abuse of pass casino and other important actors and action sequences. Handheld camera idea to create instantivity? The confusion of war and the "feeling of being there" in enemy fire. Like many other things in the film, it does not work. The film, where the mentality of honor, is the period of time, clothing, set and surgery, which is consistently accurate. However, if you are interested in your time interval, then a museum trip will be a better way to spend your time, because the experience of an encouraged movie does not even start to create even the revolution. The ill-fated British film industry in the mid-1980s was not more than £ 18,000,000 in the mega-bombs for the illness.
