What is a great word "re-imagine" is. Do they don MVI (Don MVIV) said. Indeed a tricky word - it is encouraged to hate the word, it impersonates the word "reproduced" and it often creates the word that the process of creation is creative and involves imagination. Well, damn it, I was confused. At least I was more motivated than at least the thought of the violence and intolerant violence, by the concept of "re-imagining", although it played a role. <br /> <br /> Why can RIM be made? Directors do this for a few reasons: updating a movie for modern viewers, or they personally love the original and pay tribute to it. A respect, if you Even so, it generally flows one thing (I accept the exceptions): steals someone's idea and resets it (or "re-imagining") so that people who do not see it or understand it will pay to see it. It's like Coles' / Cliffs Notes; Dump everything into a blender, clean all the more puzzling and weird and throw some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing project. <br /> <br /> So this is wrong? Well, I'll start with what I like. I like the opening scene. Thanks to the CGI and a big budget we tried to make the original contact through the minimalist way we could actually get an understanding of Jimmy Holocaust Romero's chaos. We see the city ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words of beautiful appearance on the screen. Then everything is different. <br /> <br /> This set up nowhere. How does the movie make almost every remake? It adds everything except character, atmosphere, and stories. It's weird, (in some sense) bloody, and more than the main characters that just die in nonsensical sub-slots. This film plays an important role in the story and the theme of the original film, it is quite playful. This concept is said in Romero film, "The joyful joy of having a mole for yourself as a fortress" has gone here. In addition, there is no moxie, no soul, no force in this "re-imagine". It estimates (probably quite accurately) the audience has no attention and does not bother about our interest in characters or stories. The film ran and missed the silent interaction of the four main characters. You actually have increased in Romeo version to care for those people because of the existence of some real reality in spite of the madness beyond the mall. Here, you have no interest in when and where to go: what does it matter they do. <br /> <br /> What else can be said about them? The pictures are not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to rest for special effects and relaxation. As a story it is really very sticky to follow and the contradiction between characters is very much used to save it. Humor is also reduced to few-liners (and one really good character: Andy). What's left after? An ending that is simply ridiculous and much inferior to the underlying, inevitable obscurity of the original film. However, it is a bad thing to remember in spite of a bad bad film (though not as bad as some other remixes): it kicked Christ's imitation from its number one spot in the box office. Well done zombies
