This movie is a true Hollywood comedy. Is it based on a novel named 'Note to Nero'? Richard is not too deep 'by the cell, which may not be interesting; It will take research to find out! The story of the film takes many events and many backgrounds that were found in most of the novels, but this is not seen anywhere in the film, so the film was wildly spun or Scrapplet was a mess from the beginning. This movie does not have a millisecond which is remote realistic in terms of venue or character. Imagine that it is pure Hollywood in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Luca and Peter Lauer have been so used and they did not have any direction in this movie. The smell of the chewing spoon is spread through an amylate so that the smell can be increased. The film is an extreme effort to produce 'story of morality', and it is so ridiculous that it is ridiculous. This story concerns some harsh criminals in prison in French Guiana, who want to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (with a set of Hollywood jungle, a rubber snake). Naturally, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Crowford shook it as a down-on-the-fortune trump, because for some reason Clerk Gabel became inevitable on behalf of one of the fledged criminals. To escape through the jungle, Crowford wore high-heeled shoes and kept his makeup fresh. Gable makes flirts and grimaces and mawkish expressions, her thorns were her wont as crinkling, smirking and suggestively looking at everyone, which was her method of acting. While working hard for Clarke Gaëlel, it is difficult to treat such a character as a harsh criminal; he must have never been a thief. (Attention-seekers feel too busy working to steal and unwanted things for which people do not want to see them.) The whole salvation is so ridiculous that it can only be considered as light entertainment. An attempt of religiousness and depth is made by the injection of a mysterious 'angel of mystery' which voluntarily walked into prison and in a story posed to be a prison. He helped escape and helped all the criminals and ministers find 'peace' with their various deaths in their last gossip. This character is very well played by Ian Hunter, who keeps an enlightened wind of secret knowledge, makes smart, smiling, deceptive predictive comments and has a small trained train in his mouth to give him a divine glove. The theme is meant to be saved. You might call it the 'Donald Dock version of Hollywood Goose moral and Gates Heavy'. For the true depth, Hitachi's 'I Accept' 1953 shows how it should be done. From the opposite side, this piece of trivial nudity refers to how much the wrists of the city lived in Tensile and when they went rummaging for something that they could say, all they could come up with, you guessed it more, more tinsel
