In his face, Ruiz set to create psychological thriller. Although it is not as happy as that type of classic piece, but there is compensation. The tensions between Huppert and Belbar calmly count as a woman but counting a boy in battle, which they were forced to both demands; However, in real European art-house style, Rouge does not release this pressure because women try to treat each other graciously. The only rising voice is waking up from the nightmare of Huppert (an extravagant unreasonable film in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, then the film is very rare like its Zen's thriller skeleton. Campaign cut Instead it is an intergender psychological study that focuses on men. The boy, Camilo (Nils Hugan), decided to play his mother against a mentally weak woman, a real joke. Instead of pushing her, both women felt her cold and compounded the problem. In the background, an intimate psychologist (Charles Burling), his wife in his life - his sister Huppert, grandmother or his father - and thus acting as calm, and peaceful adult reflection and more quickly, Camille. Especially interesting, like Father and Mother in Henry James' The Turn of the Screw, Dennis Padaldids law-promoter father is absent for the film's duration. In response to Ruiz Hupper's return to the film house, an Audipple congratulated the moment. <br /> <br /> Read as a thriller or as a psychoanalytic composition, but the movie is endlessly frustrating. I'm officially annoyed with Mimi Hupper's screen system, which is very much in the graveyard and so I want to see him alternately before returning to his (European-Wonderful Heaven's Gate) movies. Support is good. Ruiz does not cast any support though. Apart from some poor light and some deliberately weird shots, such as his character left out of character, I especially feel Idaho Shakib's neighbor in Idahle, who works intelligent but gets annoyed. The set piece is not a pioneer driving plot link - the tension that I have already mentioned is not only poorly drained but its direction is potentially inted. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go and see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
