Note for yourself - just one movie is foreign, obscure, and stars Catherine Jet-Jones does not mean any good. Such a story about 'Blue Juice', a Brit Flick about an unlikely group of Surfing Concerned Visitors, to see another unlikely place in Britain's Cornwall search in 1995. You might think this is the makings for a funny, quirky little comedy. Only if The picture seems to be more than 90 minutes long. The easiest way to describe it is through the dance version of the 'British version of '90, which is like Greece, but it also makes sound even better than it. No, the best way to get it is to have a small little set in a small town. Catherine Zeta Jones's surfing instructor Jesse (Shan Paratwe, you remember him) plays a little girl named Chalo. Parthie is actually the star of the movie, and her character is a small group of fans of surfing, some of a surfing legend, which is a strange group of free souls that inevitably live in such movies. In this case, it is a drug vendor who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub DJ who wants to be a record producer, and a fat man, who accidentally snatched stones in an extended sight and lost all its barriers, which certainly happened to be the best thing that happened to him. out. I can not honestly say that what is happening in Blue Juice is predictable, because it is placed in a place and reflects customs and entertainment which I am not very familiar, but there certainly is nothing surprising or even interesting which is with the characters. Comedy, though, is very expected and tired. One set can set up a mile away and almost the actors can read the conversation before (American form, of course). Every bit as a hackneyed relationship between JC and Chloe. He wants to grow up; He wants them to start living with their anxious young people. He is afraid to lose face with his gang; She thinks she likes him. You get the idea. I struggled to focus on Blue Zewis, until finally I felt, because it says that it's an hour and half of my life I have never returned.
