About five minutes, and I saw where this title was. High school kids get bothered by the bunch of school administration and start fomenting thinking of rebellion. I told my girlfriend: If I am under IMDB 5, then I will read a book. It got 5.0, so he persuaded me to go watching. What is the best thing Well, this is a good thing that there is no story about this movie, because you must be confused by editing it. This is the drawing of a student which was severed by teachers, all the footage of this movie falls in a horrific accident involving meat-grinder and the other half is destroyed in the stock, the other half divided into two seconds. Even in the ten-second scene of local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are montages. It's all set in electronic music, which predicts another montage, so when you hear it like Pavlov's dog you start cunning, which is about three minutes. Oh, I was supposed to say good about this film. Well, the film was beautifully decorated, with beautiful color palettes, which nicely matched mental content - such as the scenes were there. OK, now with the film's main flaw, and it was not in the story, or its lack. The director created a terrible mistake not to tell you a fiction but to mislead people's characters, but as a very selector about what to show about the main characters. That's just fraud. I make it more desirable in the central character so that she did it. But it just became annoying. Trying to patch it is not good to try to mislead the viewer when the story is full of holes. And often it did not even have any points. And then the end. Basically, the main arch of peace is a good man, if a coward turns out. Plus it seems to be the whole point of the movie, which should stand for the right reasons for its head, with the wrong instructions you have already made, and make it a point about the nature of the revolution, which was already made, and by far the better, It also expressed gratitude to Bill Kosby for what I said to sin: At first, how it might seem, at least adults are always right, and children are always wrong. And face it: if you're not, then this is not true.
