Sammy Horn (Michael Des Berris) Chef and Malik, chief of California's famous restaurant She is a lovely wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), pregnant, and has a beautiful son about five years old. Sammy really loves his family, but Jackie and Mr. Like Hyde, she has twice the life, there are many different women having sexual relations. Dr. Jane Birdex (Nastasja Kinsky) is trying to help him. Okay, this is my fault: I read an IMDb comment summary of other users, I saw the IMDB user's rating, but I do not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastasja Kinski can participate in such bad films. I decided to test it, and in fact some comments are very confident. Storyline, screenplay and dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some x-rated movies we find more intelligent stories. Photography is so amateur and in some parts of the homemade it is taken through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Berras does not have a sense of humor: an old man, cold, viagra or younger grandchmother would be advertised. But with any interesting man, there is a sexual relationship with any man, it is terrible. In Wood Allen's comedy, he probably got a chance, but it's funny in a serious movie. I've been trying to understand why Rosanna Arquette and Nastasja Kinski have participated in such a horror, amateur and trash movie. Do they need money? The possibility of the possibility of good movies due to their age? Are they the director's friend (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and improve him? I do not know if Rosana Arquette wanted to show her silicon full breast, but such a great actress refused to accept such a script. The same kind of good nail polish is applicable. She is presented fat, without make-up, without any glamor. Lack of respect for the most beautiful actress in film history. One is truly interested in me: How can a reader promote this trash without high interest, give high ratings or write favorable comments about this movie? They are the director's friend? (Again, I'm using this word ...) or cast? It seems strange to me that a common IMDb reader might like a movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): 'Viissado M Sexo' ('addicted to sex')
