You can deny that we have an affair for speed. Because of this, Fast and The Furious, Smoke, Remix, are made to play with the locals especially for the audience's satisfaction. We live in a small island, and I do not know why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to take a loan with a set of wheels that reaches 100% tax on our coast and when operating one and paying lots and bill lots. Not only that, the high end sports cars were once cited by the northern politicians that they would never reach the fourth gear, so that they did not reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these movies are relatively easy. Hot wheels and hot girls always go well together to target the required population. Once, those who publish wolf necklaces by releasing two-meter-long legs unknowingly boksum and little skirts, can not compete with these beautiful lines, such as those beautiful cars owned by exotic cars. Of course, a person (female) of us shows sex images of women as a sex worker (otherwise explains why the trucks of the motor show models loads loads and such films can not work without any eccentric models in the frame) However, when they are four wheels When they come to the screen, they do not guarantee any joint ventilation with orgasm, even when they do not do anything right Bong is their gear in the park. The man sitting next to me, swears that when he wakes his pants every time in his dream car, he shakes his pants even further, when he hears the moans of that big engine. <br /> <br /> So we have, fans have turned into droves just to see who the last cool cars show on the movie. With the Fast and the Furious Franchisee, Japanese models like Ewoobs and Skylines take the centerstage as GT. Here, Ford G.T. comes with an incredibly dual-capable facelift correction, even I'm also impressed with Ferrari Enzos, Carrra GTS in Porsche, Koenigenge CCX and the cars outside of it, as well as the latest models like the wings of doors. But seriously, my heart goes away to the car every time during the continuous destruction for the competition. I mean, it is perfectly fine, high performance models at the top of the motorcycle, but since anyone who makes money for this film can blow up millions of people, they can do it because they can, <br /> <br /> no stories here No red lines, only the beauties (cars) excuse a whole movie to be combined, which is probably the most annoying fashion These actors are asserted that the terminals can be robbed and with normal shots of pedals (always accelerators, remember that, by breaking the brake) pedal disobedience, and you get no respect), steering wheel, gear replacement (always transferred and not down), these performers That is they are the worst asses with an engine, snarling and giving each other the dirty beauty. There is not a very long order for an actor, and therefore we have ever found the most saddening performance with lines that seem to be written by elementary schoolkids. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, it has given a statement that girls can drive) Natasha (looking for a very plastics Nadia Bazrilin) ​​looks for a million dollars in a model - A girl with a model shows who does not fall around and the oil Do not be immersed in, the race has a descendant and runs with it. The rock band can sing songs to the song, which is simply ridiculous (each line had to work with the car and when it was singing love songs, gear was going for shaft, lubricants and roads). Regarding his role in the illegal play by a gangstress named Ifams (Eddie Griffin), he also met Leo DiCaprio in family scraps involving racist Iraq warfare, and with some lazy and wealthy rich alike. Everything else, just as I said, works as an excuse to get out of the race for the film's competition. <br /> <br /> And it's almost always the same, because what you can do to increase the tension in race cars, especially when you know that the nation is ashamed (due to the statement) and to see the race result a mile away from the racing line May Fast and Furious was an accomplished actor and I would cut my head through Paul Walker, Sun Kung and the star-star star named - Vin Diesel, Redlines, or Unfortunately Unfortunately. It looks like an impressive TV movie, it's a very open opening sequence where it's a man, a car and a race for 105 minutes while traveling to Vegas. This is <br /> <br /> <br />, then this movie is a part of the junk with serious acting, bad lines and bad steps. Strictly for car fans, or those who love their movies with such strange cute beauties, who chip their bodies without any line.
