This movie has a scene about a 42-minute mark which I have seen a while. F. Scott Fitzgerard (Gregory Peck) and Shila Graham (Deborah Care) are jumping on the beach, suddenly some time and Shila starts crying - at the time she tells her boyfriend about her boyfriend's past. This "dramatic scene" has become so overwhelming overdone and I could not help but get my wife back and how could she make a fool ... as the dramatic music switched on television, it all came in a swollen crossroad. No one feels this moment moments - no one. Now I can not say how true the rest of the picture is, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and there was a net for $ 8 roles - and I think that some other critics were right - the film is a lot of bunks. However, I am not an expert in the life of these two people and the Internet does not seem to make it clear. <br /> <br /> Only who was there. Scott Fitzgerald and Shilla Graham and how was their relationship really? However, what I know about Fitzgerald is that I seem to be different from what I saw in the film. Was he the civilized and honest man we first see in the film? Well, he carried Graham with the marriage and drank like a fish, I guess he was not. Did we see in that film that he was humiliated and lazy? Perhaps, but if she was bad and still Miss Graham was with her, then she let her be completely dummy - and nobody wanted to see you featured in a movie. And, if he does not, then the film is a bad one for his memory. In no way, it is not made for a painful and especially delightful viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The sum of this movie is not a fairly desired or healthy person. In a dark and comfortful way, some may find it very entertaining, but most of it is not sure to see it as a debris of the train! With unexpected but shiny production values ​​(especially music, which was beautiful but the top way), "Why would they choose it in the first place?" The bottom line - this is almost the worst movie and probably not worth your time - even if you like me, you are the big Gregory Peak fan.
