You may know that I am not a mumman, those who have already reviewed this movie are very good. I mentioned it so that you understand that what I see in the film can be bigger than faith. For some, the critique of the film can be seen as critical of faith - and this is not my intention. So, my review is trying to look outside and this person and his people are trying to know more about who. Well, after watching the film, I doubt if I've learned a lot. As I have become a history teacher, there is a basic idea about the teaching of the church as well as my youth as well as Joseph Smith. But anyone who really wants to learn something about this movie will be disappointed because the picture looks so beautiful - very beautiful and very unreal in its painting. Also, you do not learn good things about the beliefs of the Church, they work harder than the good people, and some have a lot of wives (and this latter part is rarely indicated only in movies). Instead, people are almost cartoon-like in their simple illustrations. Joseph Smith and Brehm Young and their followers were angels, non-mormans all satan and Brian Donnelly (later played the same role as Edward G. Robinson, who played the same role) in trouble, the creator who claims to be Mormon but just comes along so that the film is a bad guy may have. It's all very simple .... very simple. Prostate film or informal like <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In the church or black about marriage His opinion). Simply simple fool to portray him in this vague position Many things like how Gandhi was portrayed in Gandhi's picture - only that information which emphasized the greatest of his greatest people. Hack, now that I think, is the problem among most religious movies - they are often stopped as one-dimensional, triangle and joy. Let's have a complete and more complete film - one that is in the truth and not a mental appeal. <br /> <br /> Now if you can ignore that you do not learn much about trust or the second leader, the film is quite enjoyable. In the 20th century, Fox actually takes care of this film because they are both premiere actors (Tyrone Power), up and coming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful character actors (Dean Zogar), John Carradine and Brian Donley). The film also had excellent location shooting and lots of shiny. It just did not have much to say to us other than "swell" Plus, there were many real errors and a few cell phone views. In some of the mistakes, Helm was immediately taken after Joseph Smith's death (it was three years later), Mormon's precious group and the splinters group were not mentioned, talking about "gold in California" - though it was not until 1847 and gold would be discovered until 1948, Besides, many wives of polygamy or Smith were not specified. There are only scenes on the common mobile phone that drag the Carbine gun and hanging it in the court scene - and no one is taking care of it - even though it was a very bad audience! Do you think at least the judge will keep him away and ask him to threaten him? <br /> <br /> One final comment. No, I repeat, do not see this movie when it appears in American film classics (a very large station that has shrunk a lot in recent years). Although I criticized the film with his simple message, I was scared of the entire disrespect for the church and its heritage. What I mean by this This film is disseminated with ads as well as tons of pop-ups (some ads that show "sexiest cast" features) alongside gender growth sources. Talk about disrespectful and fair and if they did this for any other religious film then I would be shocked. By doing this, they do not insult only belief but limit their market - finally, these things and hear about Brigham Young's life? Is this a form, this form, can you show your kids or recommend to others?
