I really do not know if cabin firearms seem to be a joke or a movie ... but as far as I know, it's closer to being a joke than anybody else. A few years ago, the horror filmmakers' community decided to take a new step and made fun of this genre, thus giving rise to the scrum series. A list was given to Scrum, the horror film characters of all the stupid things would be predictable and Scrum's letters ended the same thing, which added a lot of humor and mockery to this analysis of the genre, and it is hoped that horror films will look different from now, which Wicked towards movies, selfishness towards movies or more They are more different than the dramatic process of older films. The same tedious criteria Seeing "Cabin Fove", many will see how unreasonable, serious, scary, annoying, and even some scary "horror" movies are not even afraid even after a few years now. Above all, this film lacks fundamentality in some other ways. It has been said many times how imaginative horror directors are repeating today's foreign series rehab, but it does not seem to fit the film in a wooden cabin that it seems like a "hammaz", simply, a ripoff. Anyone who does not wish to be surprised by the other reasons of the film's story: Again, we're dealing with a movie that their characters in their first 20th century, who do not think logically when facing any problem, but arguments for hours and thoughts and something about it To take the fights than to try. There is no excitement there. For the eleventh time of a horror movie, they are kissing, making love and just fundamentally fun, all those things that do not distinguish them from any horror movie they ever seen before. Secondly, this picture is strangely serious. Each situation has a letter, in each dialogue, every character in the film is treated with such seriousness that some letters will eventually be released with a little sense of humor till the end of death. Filming, writing, or acting does not show any signs of humor or quiz, which is astonishing considering the film, it is an invisible-before-meat-eating-virus (no smile). I will not even act, because there is no actor in this film. The cast is appointed for friends or neighbors with the course of course. Third, and anyone who has already seen a "good" horror movie will be reduced, the screenplay is completely empty. Anything really does not happen, some action is repeated several times ("Let's try to get help!"), Nothing can understand, in fact, psychology of character or even the last order of the film, which is probably supposed to be funny according to the director and screenwriter . In the end, I think only one horror film is somewhat scary. Fake blood gallons, whether inverted, squatted from shivering or just survived from wounds, were not enough to scare the viewers. Some of the key features like scrapple, ideas and even cruelty are those who claim that he has made a terrific shot. If I did not consider the total failure, I would agree that the film has a talent: it is hateful to hate. Still, being terrified and fearing, there are two different feelings, let's know. <br /> <br /> I'm interested in seeing this movie first to be big horror films. Films made by the 60s, 70s, 80s, Wes Craven, Dario Argante, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Slimman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... This does not just give a good definition of scary, or self-deceptive horror, But the audience also strongly believes that "new" is not necessarily "good". A good example about the film is that some track musician Angelo Badullantei has provided for the film, although they are close to their previous episodes, though they are below the previous work.
