Those who like you, like me, were frustrated with the horrible yarn in 1995, the stupid little signal "The Feear" will get more to be frustrated. It follows a similar plot, but it is impossible to connect to the original without the exception of the manneven giant Mourti's made of wood. Here is a brief overview. <br /> <br /> After 20 years of Mike Hathrun (Gordon Curie, a well-known creator), his father murdered his father brutally killing his mother and took his own life, Mike still suffers from those days. In anticipation of his fears, Mike took a group of his friends and friends to his grandfather's house. His plan has been open for all of them to create dresses and dresses for them. According to an Indian friend, this process is supposed to be widespread to relieve anyone of fear. Does Mike do not know that Mori is involved in his father's soul, and started a friend's relationship ... or is he actually killing himself? Who care? <br /> <br /> There are some problems with this picture. First lie with Morty. I originally made Marney rather rather believer. At this moment, it is sadly a mornie in a fake looking suit for Mornie (actor John Fedel). This can be seen especially in primary scenes, where Murti is still considered inactive, but if you look closely, you can see her burning. Another problem is that most characters do not try hard enough. Some of them, such as Betsy Palmer, Friday 13th fame, who were extraordinary in this film. But most of them did not get the opportunity without effort. Finally, there are killings. The opening scene involving axis was very believable. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I was for a good movie. When the second half of the movie comes, and the genocide really starts, everything is broken into pieces. Death is unknown, invisible, or predictive (the next scene is Kelly Blackout). At the end of one character and no one, including the audience, even died, including the notice. Although initially more than half of the character was needed, it was not very bad. The second half was there. I think the new director Chris Angel came at this time and did not really know how to shoot violent scenes, so they turned into genuine fugitives and pedestrians. A fool does not help ending. So, if you really do not like the original and do not miss splinters at the bottom of your skin, you probably have to eliminate "Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos Score: 10 out of 4
