The attack force has a terrific title and it can certainly be judged by a terrible cover, because the movie is awesome! A mix-mash of plots lines, a sticky mess, and a tremendous steady pace make the film tough to begin to finish. I managed this and I am proud. As a fan of Sigal's work (most of the time in most old days), it's painful to see stars in such a triangle. True Seagal's last half-a-dozen movies or so, has sucked many, but some of them have at least some redemption features. Attack forces are a mess. From concept to delivery, the film has changed a lot from the line of an alien plot, the current one to the very addictive super drug, will be released in Romania (most of the film's settings are there, which is not a Romanian, but all look like Romania because they are in Romania!) Population The original shooting script meets the film together with little respect for any state. The plot-hole and loose ends are definitely plenty of that film. This is a problem in Seagal's last few movies, but its results were not so annoying. There is a full plot line (which is the coolest drug name) for water supply with water available with CTX, which is never solved! <br /> <br /> Certainly, in recent years, Sagal Canon was not the main attraction, so there was a big blunder on other departments, especially activities. Even though I considered the move before, other departments are poor. The direction is made of poor, or perhaps better, poor appearance. Who knows how did the director Michael Kush originally made the film? At the end of his work, the reunion of Stunt Man Tom Delmar, and the editing, a coherent blurred vision was completely lost. The best way to describe the film is that it is all in the store! Cinematography is dull, almost sleepy, when nothing is excited about the droning score (it sounds cheap cheap synthesizers sound like in context). Cast is too poor, unable to recover anything here. Seagal shows bored beyond recognition, and many images are dubbed through, when the plot point is definitely changing. He is tired and ultraviolet, and gradually, he looks at the previous pictures (Excitingly the Seagal's latest images have been the main complaint), it looks great. Adam Crosdell is the only crooked Cast member who is a thin Brit Routine like a villain. He seems to be a threat to the indirect plot line, because he is playing inhumane. He feels like a cross between body bachelor and a vampire (sometimes played with some hot dogs who are suddenly awaiting his husband ??) <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> It's poor . Badly, poorly shot. There are not many things, and there are even fewer features than seagulls. Steve does not really double out here stunt, because there are very little. Sometimes a slight (repetitive and annoying) step view was seen, sometimes with occasional slight flashing of the single stand, because Segal was apparently not there when the scene was shot, and they wanted to see their features. Seagal is finally shown to shoot two boys in the head. Segal has a producer credit and there is a script credit, but from what I understand, the film has been thrown behind its current location. Segal will not work with these people apparently, or those who are still continuing with the Castle studio horror, the sub-nu-picture (what's saying), the element. <br /> <br /> Overall you do not have to avoid Seagal fan. Sigal fans may be safe in this security that big people probably do not want to do this bad thing. Unfortunately, his next film has already been shot with the same people, promises to be worse than that. *
