As far as I can understand, Tid Waters is the first job of a young director. I suspect that movies are a regular work of love or if it is a movie student, then the final credits have a reference to the Oporto School of Arts. However, director Ricardo Pinho has expressed ignorance about some basic ideas about the movie with this film. What is a movie How to tell a story? It does not matter, for the young director. When you are reading a movie, one of the things you learn in school is how to tell the story. You learn it, just as novels, in movies, you have to create your story in three tasks: Introduction, Development and Conclusions You will learn that your story will be a drama and a rival and will learn. You will learn this for a regular 3-hour epic, for a small film, and even for a 30-second commercial. You can also learn that the academic structure can have high levels in your approach and since you can even deconstruct it. <br /> <br /> In rough words, Tim Wacht presents our main character and then the movie ends - the whole movie sounds like introducing Junet's AMELEE character. Team Water has no second or third jobs. This is not a parody or an art film, thus you can not even try to support disagreement for the academic framework. You are expected to be told a story, and it does not happen. Worse than that, Tim Water defines himself as a warning; And one with no real purpose. It is not a point, nor at least, a valid. Its point is pillow with a sense of revenge. The illustration is absolutely simple and its method is in Manchian. <br /> <br /> I expect so much from this short. The film opens rather well with credit sequence and you quickly understand that you are looking at some of the good quality of production compared to regular Portuguese short films. I do not know the budget for this movie, but thanks to the last achievement-for the list, for the sake of production, the production team must go with a country where it is difficult for the young film makers to open the door. <Br /> <br /> Team Water is an exercise in style, color and carefully designated plans, combined with a finer score. Here's the end. There is nothing else. There is no plot. And it's a shame because it feels like waste of production quality. Very rarely, you can see many available extras to enrich various types of diversity and a story of regular Portuguese perspectives. <br /> <br /> It should be mentioned as a relatively unreasonable, I would definitely recommend BMW shorts as a wonderful example of how you can tell a good story in a very short film that is firmly conditioned in product placement and high-level stylish cinematography.
