In 2007, Lordby was a major campaign and revelation because he won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (heavy) heavy metal song called "Hard Rock Heljoja" and appeared on stage like a monster hidden on the stage. But, let's face it, their victory was probably very little with their great musical talent. The Eurovision Contest has gradually transformed into a big political circus for years and the Lord has probably only won because their songs have finally changed a bit and ?? Even more importantly - because of their complete job sorting efficiency spoofed the entire annual event. The ultimate thing is that Lordby's first (and hopeful) horror film brings change and consciousness. Based on an idea of ​​lead singer and supporting role played in the band left "Dark Floor", a truly unimaginative and desperate clichés synthesis. The unlimited budget ("Dark Flores" with the permission of the most expensive Finnish film) certainly guarantees the set of pieces of Macar set and impressive make-up art, but such a point where there is no value to say? The film was set up in a busy hospital where a group of people, one of them father and his younger daughter, was trapped in the lift while breaking the electricity with an unknown illness. When the door is open again, the floor is empty and it appears that the hospital has been abandoned many years ago. Trying to get to the exit, the group rely on many shocking and unreasonable obstacles, such as dirty bodies, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters from the floor. All three points in "Dark Flores" are designed to be visible only in the first half of the film and to create enough tension. Since it is not necessary to explain the sinister facts, the atmosphere is very dangerous for it, but as soon as you realize that the explanation is), it will be very stupid, or b) it does not come, it becomes unstable like unhealthy cards. It was not terrible to start the dresses of Lord (unlike traditional Eurovision fans) and, in line with the story of Asia's ghostly memory memories, they are neutral, cruel and muffuped. With all the national myths and really unique external filming positions, I personally guess Finland always ?? One thousand lake land ?? There will be a standard breeding ground for potentially horrible horror stories, but I guess it's another misconception in my account.
