I lost three hours of my life to this quarrel, and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I read the reviews and heard the warning, and I thought that I was ready to do something - well I thought, trying to be a loyal (if confusing) original adaptation; Worst, a good-it-bad "plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I could take a copy of Walmart in Florida and bring it back to the UK, I made fun of my friends "Make the worst movie made!" Oh, cruel actions. There is absolutely nothing to suggest this film. The "special" effect looks like a work of a first year design student using a spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, the expression is awful (an artillery man's pronunciation seems to lift us from Scotland to Wales on the British Isles trip), the dialogue is lost, the edit is not existent, the production value proves that no expenditure is gone. Words can not really describe how bad this movie is; Deadly CGI'd Thunderchild (The Royal Navy Navy White Ensign flies, the Union Flag is not) flying from the acting flag playing rudworm, it is quite a crime against film making quite simply. When you consider some of the literary zero-budget fan films available at 'Net (Short Wars' Troops' "for example), then the entire" we're eager amateur "argument goes out of the window. And if you believe in an interview with Haines on the Pendragon website, This movie had 8 image budgets! I guess not only that dodgy mouth hair comes cheap in the US Perhaps the problem was to try to create a film in the book instead of converting Hines and Co to the film instead (if it gives any sense). Extra spout part of the word and word verbatim without attempting to express feelings behind the words. Wonderfully enough, the only person who is a Darlin Sellers, a pre-nude porn actress who came close to giving a decent performance My advice? Jeff Wayne do not pray like mad crazy and see the Spielberg version. It can not be true to the text of the book, but I can tell you this: If eicaji Wales fans (and inlisamyanera as well) Spielberg film is true to the spirit of the book. Maybe customs were wrong to carry this demon of this country, but I would say: Timothy Hines steals three hours of my life, and I want them back.
