Until the release of the 2001 edition of the And E edition, I saw this film version of Ardie Blackmore's classic novel as an alternative. And it has proven to be a poor replacement <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> There is no evidence of this version, I feel - this is the film's perspective. Actors mostly seem to be forced and transformed into wood (with the exception of San Bienne) and "romance". Actually, the end of the movie is not kissing! The triangle is not mentioned or elaborated in John Reid, Lorena Donne (or Lady Lorena Dulal, which you prefer) and the evil turnover. We do not get much insight into the Karvar, or why there is something for them (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film was abandoned by the original and striking characters of the novel, such as Counselor Dawon and John's sharp language-based little sister Lei, which was very important for the plot. The script itself lacks consistency. Political conspiracies are not in the script. The real story is not true in the way of Lonona Don. Now, do not make me wrong, Clive Owe is a handsome and talented actor (see Gusford Park and King Arthur for confirmation) but he covers across shoes and stoic, and long hair (it may be a bad wig) is not suitable for him !!! ! Polly Walker is a lovely and full of actress (see Century April and Patriot Games, among which she was also costly with Shane Biwan), but she is colorless and in need Make-up is not hidden on his lip that he has a cold sore, and the costume does not feel authentic. The late Robert Stephens made an honorable change as Sir Ensour Dowon, although he only referred to iron as his favorite than his father, which he knew in the book. Also, I think that Owen and Walker are old for their roles (probably made of it) and the scenery is brown, cold, gray and barbarian, very old without a sunny sky hint. I realize that it is set in south-west England, but it is green and they can get their sunshine !!! Tom Fagas's character and his "death" screenplay, which does not happen in the novel, makes the film even more cool. Shane Bean's performance as a positive note carrier. Although it did not come near Eidan Gilan's screenplay in A & E, Bean made an average villain. In short, only to see if you can kill within a few hours, but do not expect anything exciting or it is not true for the novel. See any other version on this tired adaptation (but I highly recommend this and E's movie).
