Confession, I did not have high expectations of "Kochi Romano". But who did that again? However, I felt it deserved the benefit of doubt. I did not have high expectations of "Joe Dart" - another recent comedy that played a SNL cast member - and I was surprised by the surprise. But this image looks just as bad as the preview. Chris Cutting is actually a talented comic actor - in contrast to what you think after watching this movie - with plenty of energy. He is very laughable at SNL Skit, and I think he is now one of the most gifted cast members of SNL. In this case, he is given a long, pointless script and he tries to remedy each scene with his strong mugging. In each scene, he attempted a lame Jerry Lewis Act and unfortunately failed. Jerry Lewis knew how to pull such a kind of physical comedy, he mentioned that he had worked with a lot of good writing. Katana seems to be stupid to have some unconscious idiots with ADHD, which has a lot of cafe lat. She does not even wait for the punchline; She guesses that once we all laughed when she started jumping on a crack like an apppeak. In one scene, he finished with a dog in a toggling match, with a cocaine on his face. Package blasts and cocaine splashes all over it. When he comes back to work, strung out on coke. Now, how can we smile that he is acting as a hippo and marginally, when he is doing the same thing throughout the picture? <br /> <br /> For the rest cast members ... VENSA SHA is really hot, Peter Berg has lost his helpless role and Chris Pen. Peter Fawc has been lost, though he has some funny lines that I'm sure he has made progress. I hope folks get a decent movie soon. Very talent on a clunker like "korki romano" is too much waste I did not like the final film of Folk, "Made", but at least it had a good role. <br /> <br /> I made chocolate several times, but I could not laugh a single. Each cheat takes place with no sense of time or delivery. And it has been worse by acting actor Katan. And some gags that are pulled out strenly. For example, when Katan is going to face her two brothers. He is standing there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to find a bird and eventually he is a little small. When it's a fun thing and it's bad enough to drag it, but it's worse when you have a hair gag and you drag it. And another example is that when he tried to translate what two Asian men said during drug drugs. What can I forget about this so-called comedy and I'm not going to waste my time. As I said before, if you predict bad things from the trailer - you make the right prediction. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (in 10)
