Why is this picture so bad? Well, if this is the reason to be so stupid and obscure, then this film is about it. Corky Romano is unlikely to harm the character of the worst and cruel. Gags are predictable but that makes it worse. They are link-type predictive jokes that tell your unwanted friend. <br /> <br /> The Corky Romana is a light-hearted vetta that tries to do precisely but is so painful. When her quiet life is thrown for a loop, the family that once came to her in the vacancy now she needs to enter the FBI to destroy any trace of crime in the history of crime of the family. However, it is not easy for Kerky because the FBI believes that he is a super agent and gives him the responsibility of spying in his own family. Mishaps and epic ensue but it does not really feel like any comic hexics. Corky ends up in love with her beautiful FBI partner, and if she has to live a quiet life again, then she will have to establish a direct record with both the FBI and her family. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie both anxious actor and supposed joke is. Chris Kattan has expressed his acting limitation and here its one-note slapstick as an actor equals approximately 10 minutes flat in routine film. Perfectly stupid, slap stick has a complete movie based on comics. Catner's SNL partner Ferrell thinks that it has created a full carrier. The only difference between the katan and the ferrellar is the feral know when it will pull and rely on other ways of curiosity. There is no diversity in Katana style. It is very difficult to hear the same pair twice, but for the full movie which is just pure torture. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the movie was real and there was a lack of humorous joke. The gay mafia brother, the painful guy ski-tick, and other forgotten jokes do not seem to be funny because for the first time you laugh at it. It seems that screen libraries have written more fun than watching it. There is also some comedic talent with such a cast (Chris Pen, Peter Falk) that the fatigue starts tired. There is no chemistry too. This image was definitely one of the pocketbooks for the actors. No body cared about it, or even tried it. Sadly, no body told Chris Katan.
