Although I have heard that "Kama De Gato" was the worst Brazilian movie of the decade, I saw this as an opportunity; After all, the first time the director / producer / writer Alexander Stackler was able to make his first feature (shot in the video) for just $ 4,000 and although it seems even cheap - I can not imagine everything I'm going to do, finally it's no The theater with big sponsors or production companies is displayed (I then realized why I saw it). But the possibility of "Came de De Gato" has been reduced to zero within 10 minutes: It is incredibly rebellious, verb, ideologically fantastic and technically disastrous effort which has destroyed the Brazilian high-middle-class youth, neo-natives are at risk of bad sex, drugs and violence. Fall into (and they are made to look like very close Gays), talent, imagination, success Sata or no visible traces created with the idea of ​​structure. Apparently and comfortable, it seems to be the worst amateur element you can find on YouTube - only here it lasts for two minutes of uninterrupted minutes of intensity and superstition and it's not even funny-bad. <br /> <br /> We have seen the story before: Indulgeable youths want to have fun, to make a partition, to take drugs and make mistakes - there are gang rape, ripping, murder, accidental deaths (falling under the stairs !!) One mother, the boys decided to burn the girls and the dead body of a mother in a garbage landfill. Moral and literal junk, get it? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - even morality and sex - have higher-class masterworks than this shit. <br /> <br /> I To keep his ideas down to the audience, a filmmaker never felt like a captivating drive: Stuckler holds us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop morality into our brain through repetition and fatigue - you may not know strangers The mind is so stupid, screaming, strangely, blurred camera and terrible acting. Stuckler does not care about the technique (photo quality, framing, sound recording, soundtrack song, dialog, set, editing etc are equally disappointing), but he is a brutal control: he predicts his criticism / subtitles with smart comments , And dramatic comments at one point, how far it is and how much of it (I Parkita) can be. <br /> <br /> In spite of its megalomaniac ambitions, Stuckler thinks it is impossible to give us the lowest visual or descriptive structure - he can not determine whether he wants to have residium (hand-held video cameras) or stylization. Repeat the scene, use the option takes, etc.). Hmm, he can not determine where he can put the camera (the camera for three leads is used)! Most of the conversations feature some of the stupefyingly inactive verbosity; This plot exists only to prove its deep hatred for its characters and to justify what they have stood for. What you see is a filmmaker, with hateful propaganda, condemnation, morality, and with minimal talent (or strategy). <br /> <br /> Finding Kyau Blat in this world is very frustrating. One of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, the appearance of a dog's dog in his sleeping eyes and the emotional edge that often reminds Sal Mino, can be very effective under the good side of the blot (for example "Karandru", "Lavora Archeica", "Proibido Proibir"). Here, he has been asked to go to the top and in recent memory he will have to play with the most embarrassed "actor". He has also entered the risky area of ​​the graphic cloning scene (so it looks like webcam porn). <br /> <br /> The movie opens with "real" (?) real interview with the middle-class youth and ends - Stuckler wants to take the interviews as "proof" of trying to promote fiction. But he hates brightly and makes fun of his meeting, choosing a highlight of unusual, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows existing donkeys everywhere). Stuckler wants to prove that Brazilian middle class young people are all present or future fascists, because they enjoy middle-class and recreational drugs (does he say that all new-fascists are in drugs? Or do medicines potentially fascist behavior?). <br /> <br /> Because of his dog's self-righteousness, headache-tactics and temperamentality, "Kam De Gato" is bad for a 1,000th reason, but above all, it is harmful in a very bad way: it's a Brazilian movie opponent Strive to oppose the case. "Kama de Gato" is the best unwanted, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.
