We all know exactly what the office has bad days, right? Well, this blue simulation looks like how bad it is all day when trying to go to the office. Sometimes, it's not going to be right, what do I mean? And, sometimes, with Jack Leman and Sandy Dennis before the 1970s, it is not something to do before ... Comedian or wrong as the role of ridiculous and forced advertising; Roughly reverse, both numbers. And, Goldie Hao is not equally equal; His work was consistently good since the 1960s, when Rauwan and Martin's smile-ine show him the first time. <br /> <br /> The problem of this movie is not about frustrated couples. Above all: It's really in New York and why would everyone come to New York to save their life for love and happiness? Type, type ?? The largest city in the world. If you are in New York, see the 1970s film is still a wonderful comedy that really inventes everything that you can make a mistake while traveling anywhere, and the most included scenario and sight gags That's what you can imagine about what might happen in a strange environment. Unfortunately this 1999 version wants to see the expectations or excess that unfortunately goes into gratuitous tangents, especially for an audience. For example, the main players are not fully involved with star appeal, we are a Camio (also relatively long) from New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, we all know. What ?? What is the gaeliyani bunking for the President? Bad ?? Walk-In Conversation Ad for New York Duplicate Mouth <br /> <br /> And then we have John Clas, rebuilding his role Basil Fawley ?? But this time, as a breeding cross draw dresser ?? Again, with the rebuke of the hotel staff, slowly shouting to the wealthy customers, and usually looks like this idol. And, in this process, the great loss of memory of Fawley Tower, the best British comedy series in controversial times, and some times ... <br /> <br /> Why was this 1999 movie created? In the 1970s, New York was a dead city in many ways. It was almost literally bankrupt. So, when it was created in the year 1970, you saw that the city was: shocked, dark, moody, unrest, and not the place that the tragic couple finally got a big smoke (then, contaminated and all). By 1999, things got better: Glitz was coming back, New York was rich, it was Big Apple, ready to bite for you if you have a maxi ... <br /> <br /> So, naturally, this second couple Couples find Maxi in themselves and finally join the fantasy fight to continue the dream of American dream, freedom and happiness. Therefore, this movie is really funny but the producer is probably not considered for the reason that. As much as I like comedy Steve Martin and Goldie Haun, this film is a great radioactivity created by the great Jack Lemons. If you've seen it later, do not bother with this one explicitly.
