An accurate review of Nuremburg should immediately consider the doors of the history open with the movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). For a long time, "Valckei" (2008) said that during the German war during World War I, the professionals were organized with bureaucratic, army generals, soldiers and civilians, who leaked Nazi political rule, established new chancellors, achieved peace and closed concentration camps. However, these unknown perfect heroes did not get any help from the friendship, who also helped with Front's resistance as well as on the next door. History writers have used an academic agenda since the people of Germany fully hijacked a combined temple that spent millions of lives with Nazi-backed and betrayed as a worthwhile 24-hour bombing and eligible for "unconditional surrender". That was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> German linguists were very much aware of what the Germans did in 1943, broken by English scientists. In 1943 the Germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers by companies including Arado, Hinkel and Miskerskit. However, even if the Nazi eradication and the German Resistance Coalition jet fighters, jet bombers, high speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio guided missiles do not allow any democracy in the world without the United States! This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. As a result, the German did not get any help from the German resistance, although they always had intelligent intentions to eliminate Adolf Hit Hitler. The evidence of the coup of July 20, 1944 was an important attempt for the peace of the Germans. Instead, "non-conditional surrender" to maintain the peace of the Germans and bombs were thrown at the 24-hour involvement program. Allies wanted to steal the world's best technology and scientists from Germans and hold complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender". It was a predetermined collaboration agenda to allow war and allow war to prove the right of bombing for 24 hours, but it took a year before the bilateral forces moved to Germany, it advanced in Germany to steal the world's best technicians and scientists. A gun However, millions of people died, because the friends abandoned German resistance for their greed. <br /> <br /> The alliance's "unconditional surrender" was done as an ancestor to complete German property and German ownership and authority, and it was done without using German resistance to cast Nazi. To achieve the sovereignty of global technology, the Allied Germans wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists. As a result, one of the worst agendas with everything else that killed millions of German people in a 24-hour bombardment; The concentration camp was open; The war was prolonged, and German artists from Germany received the "cold war" with weapons based on achievements, technologies and scientists in World War. 1946 Nurmurg war crimes trials A massacre has stopped the fraud and genocide of relations as a direct trial of the Nazis. Instead of helping to overthrow Nazi political rule in the wake of German resistance, it was a smoky screen to hide evil and greedy collateral agenda for global technical proletariat. <br /> <br /> Millions died because friendship abandoned German resistance to make an agenda but they punished German workers who paid their lives for the war of New York, although these alliances were for global sovereignty The massacre took place.
