I want to clean up a thing before giving Sam's Spike Lee's smile to a Sam film. I just do not revive this movie for the abundance of lazy and unpleasant images. This film makes it so unpredictable that Lee thinks that Sam Samar should be taken seriously as a socially illuminated drama. For example, Coptin Tarantino's crime copper films are filled with violence, superstition and other miracles, yet Tantenino does not try to stop these industries as socially liberating. He knows that such films are for entertainment pricing. On the other hand, the list of personal Ryan and Selectioners of preservation, such as serious drama, is often unpleasant to watch, but the unexpectedness helps develop the plot and characters of the film with the ultimate goal of engaging the audience with stories and characters. Unfortunately, Sam's Sammar simply penetrates his own sensibilities and riddle, though it believes that it is acting as a social commentary, like the other trash epic. <br /> <br /> Sam's critics did not act as a serious play because his characters are mere cardboard cutout stereotypes. Its conspiracy, in particular, is the ability to show the psychological impact of violence on Sam Sam's murderers by people around Italian-American North Brunswick. However, instead of presenting locals as a mix of personality, Li simply makes every negative Italian stereotype imaginable. Men are ignorant, lazy, overseased goombahs. Women are divided into weak, confident "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's Dibna) and extraordinary "bad girls" (Jennifer Espositus Ruby). It seems that Liu thinks Hollywood wants to "rebuild" Hualivo in its own negative African-American stereotyping years, with its own stereotype movement and some critics think. For example, if Martin Scoris presented Amos' n Andy and Annie Jemima as a bunch of stereotype, African-American residents were condemned, critics condemned such intelligent stereotyping. More importantly, one-dimensional, stereotyptical character reduces any film attempting as a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Except Sam's samar cast is excellent. However, acting, in most cases, is uninspired. Cast is just going through the speed, or they have little to do with the script. In addition, there are significant miscasting. Comedian John Leguizamo is very gifted, but his Winnie character has a great, ridiculous disguise of John Travolter Tony Menero from Saturday night knight. And Michael Badalucco, a "barbarian" actor, repeatedly miscast as the serial killer David Berkowitz, is coming across as horrible rather funny. The only performance of attention is the problem of Adrian Brody, but sincere, nearby, Richie Broad's performance and generally stylish Lee cinematography is the only feature of this film. <br /> <br /> * ****
