After listening to this word of mouth, how bad I made the movie and bought the DVD. Everything that is mentioned before about this film is true. It does not show on screen only for a movie demanding billions of budgets. The list of problems in the film can be dragged forever. The main film among them is very long. It pulled for 3 minutes for a few minutes. Probably probably an hour may be spent on the runner, the editor simply removes the extravagant scenes related to some, then the main character walks nonsensively. <br /> <br /> The second, many have been indicated by "trailers", special effects besides something special. Trips are okay here and there in a few shots, but after all, the grade-Z was the quality of the 1970s or 1980s. Probably the worst impact of all was horses, which went behind as they moved. The effect of heat radiation was ridiculous, because people had lost their bones because it could swell in any way without any muscle. The Thunderchild sequence was intense, where Thunderchild, described in the book as a "Ironclad Ram", did not see anything like this. Instead, it is like a World War I destroyer, deck guns (which were fired but not visible crew), and completed with torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> Color and backgrounds were as bad as the effects. The most ridiculous scene in which the primary character and his wife had a scene to roam around the night, and he indicated his goodness in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the surrounding character and the landscape surrounding them are wide. There is a very sharp limitation among true stars, dancing in full sunlight, and big black stars in the dark black night sky. Even more condemnable, make no sense in the color of the scene. Some of them are dancing orange light dance. Green light in others. Still others it's blue light In some cases the outer is orange is lit but the interior of the house is green or blue. The frame rate and the camera are very light, they are all suddenly seeing. <br /> <br /> Finally, the overall sub-par played. A man illustrates two characters whose only difference was the lack of difficulty. There were some confusions at that time, because where they were all. English ears even the American ears, the fierce. <br /> <br /> In short, this film can be very well prepared to claim the worst movie released recently. I did not see Gogli or some other recent flop but this is one, because every poor quality of it can easily get worse, so any mainstream mainstream item has been omitted. It will not be a surprise if the movie is below 10 or 20 in the IMDB ranking. It is a sad that the science of mercy is not around still in the theater.
