* Warning. There may be many speakers, if you are careful. * <br /> <br /> Well, the main foundation of the Texas film in this house is: College kids + Spookhouses + evil magic books = awesome things. In fact, it shows a lot of time during the viewing period, how long the film is going to pull. A bunch of diverse boys and volunteers as well as a bunch of gentle boys, is set up in a charity spectral house. The project is being chaired by a completely annoying character, whose main purpose seems to be as positive as possible cast and crew as verbally and physically. I firmly believed that someone would try to work with this person with this power: it is nothing but rude and humiliating for everyone including his girlfriend and his friend. However, the local character of the kids and the annual pumpkin-curve champion "Pumpkin Jack" is inspected, which is described as an intelligent cottage called "Santa Claus of Halloween", and those unnecessary books have been provoked to erode stroke-flashed prostheses (especially looted cultureists). happens). Needless to say, some fools begin to mess with foolhardy books and eventually most virgin monsters become real, and the rest of the common people have to try and survive. This movie has some good elements but not much: everything is shot well and makeup effects are appropriate. On the other hand, actors are interim, or extremely extremist; Most of the plot gives a little idea beyond "It can happen so that it can happen"; Not to mention any musical score, only songs can be hijacked throughout the movie; And the movie really takes one hour to get it somewhere. The last problem is being called the most: Two-thirds of the 90-minute running time is used to set the character again and again. Tom has had a nice guy dating Haydie's fix, but he was with Jill, who is now dating Dan, but he started a relationship with Kirira, who was wearing many shawls / caps. Dan likes a really great quarrel, Gary Jokes game, and Steve and Lily want a lot of sex. The stuff that can be easily dealt with in 20 minutes, and at the same time, where the "sex" scene (cool, it's pretty cool) kept looking forward to the forward button. Which scares our half-hour low-calorie, ends with a clunky finish and ol 'Pumpkin Jack, which I blame for the whole mess, with a deep seated dislike. If you can rent a deep discount (and see everything else in the shop), put it on the shelf and keep looking.
