This 'sequel' Bruce is still called Billy Lo (is it available? Bruce = Billy, Low = Lee?) But it is also similar to other movies. Billy and the actor do not seem to be. He seems to be from another country. She is more like a spy. He returned and sadly murdered him to make way for the sole cast member, a new character, his brother, Bobby. Sadly, when Bruce died, the film was mostly killed with him. This is made extremely weak. It seems that they were writing while writing the script. The footage works for a while (it is not very clear at first) but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark (he has highlighted a light out of light for some other reason that it is not playing Bruce. Sadly when he die changing the movie I can not help but would not be surprised if they were filming while writing and probably had planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it was not effective because Bobby did not appear until Billy died. It's hard to change the character's half-range character and it's hard to follow Bruce, so Bobby is now hard to accept as a star. Bruce is not seen again in this movie. I think they should make this sign without Bruce. He has a crippled role in this movie. Expected people to see the new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed that, although he gave top billing, he only played a role. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. If people think about this film, it is a scene where fights in a plant nursery dispatch. Ironically, it does not even use the footage of Bruce Lee. You think, they did it more firmly in no retreat no surrender. Here other actors did not make something memorable about one another. Bruce's girlfriend (Cologne camp) has never been mentioned. As soon as Bruce wrote his brother's letter, I had to stop the advice. The movie is something else worth watching. I did not find it really sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how to get enough money to use footage from the small budget movie Enter the Dragon. This was a cheap way to try the cash of Bruce's name. This is strange and is credited in the original Bruce film. Thankfully, no one has tried something like this again. 1981 was the appearance of Bruce's last film It was a sad way to end, but grateful that Bruce's film career should be alone.
