I want to say that I am not an anim fan (with some exceptions), and generally my opinion of the so-called octakas is low, because they love cartooning with their special brand, all those who portray the impressive-haunted, big-eye characters as an art of art Labeling the film, even labeling it without considering the more important things like the plot. And the animation film does not really represent this section among the people of realtasks and people with real taste, this is the elegant piece of trash, deadly lungs: than the Motion Picture <br /> <br /> Accusations of harmful fugitive A little - there's a lot of interest in Japanese-Yahoo, one-on-one pair, some "dramatic" moments and everything is nicely dragged. But everyone clippings with clipped, expected characters, will be closed by the expected plot, culminating in a cliched, expected finish. Love scenes have disappeared too much - the scene where the Surya "healing" terry is clearly described as a low moment, but it is undoubtedly impossible to have a comedic humorous sunshine. And of course, the fatal compulsive cartoon Ti and not the other - it is supplied by the huge breasts of My Shireanu. And since Fatal Furi is based on the same video game series based on the same name (son of Oh), we are considering a number of characters with little or no relevance in the characters, with countless motionless cameras present in popularity (they will all have problems in launching Kim first, only after that moment To disappear). This zombie of a movie reaches its measurements with the officially deadly final war, in which all the main characters combine the Almighty Chief villain in one-on-one combat. This is something that always invites me ... even when there are no animosity in a tournament, they happen to happen that they do not understand in any sense! <br /> <br /> Atakas always debates against how cartoons should be treated as a movie, as opposed to cartoons, and a boring part of the same people love deadly fury. If you did not have anemayera fatal good? The answer is a brilliant "no" - all of the attractions of this movie, some of it, are in actual drawings. Hat crack was not an animation, it was a episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show is still in the air. What is this - it's nothing more than a ridiculously bad B-movie in the mockery of an animation epic. If you are a fan of movies, they are really entertaining, consider hiring a fierce ferry (or catching it on a Sci-Fi channel) because it must be one of them. If you are okay, please walk around and realize that 90% of the best things you can see are garbage. For everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Deadly Rash: The Marx of Marx, but do not even consider watching this movie.
