Why is this movie so bloody, everyone who has negative comments about this movie? I'm not going to comment, but the film gives me a lot of bugs, and especially the writer / director. So I dragged my hat into it. <br /> <br /> I have seen the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the true love of clash of music, sex, paganism, and religious beliefs in the modern world. . By saying that, I am not a part of adults who think that they should not remake great movies. For example, I liked the original "1950s" attack, but equally enjoyed the rebuilding in 1978. Both movies can stand their own. Another example is "Things". The original map shows compared to today's quality, in 1982, Curt Russell's (my most loved horror movie) was very proud of the remake. So, the minority minorities who rebuilt "The Wicker Man" can not blame me for the violation of this whip for making this silk. <br /> <br /> This picture has been strengthened for me. Neil La BUET's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. It makes me wonder how the executive wants to create a serious thriller, gives green light to any product that is anti-female. Most of the faces in the hair are beating the woman, because she is unhappy with the investigation of the girl. Will he happen that the suspects are not coming in other cases on the island? The original has created a society in which both men and women are equal partners of a goddess based religion. The threat of the main character comes from all men, women. There was no sexual dominance. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit heavy and convenient ("drone must die!"), especially when the character of the cage is bee's allergy. I wonder why the men of the island did not come back to the war and using physicality prevented them from treating them like them. These were not special supernatural women of women and half of them are pregnant, half old and fat and rest girls and thin blonde waifs, so if men really wanted to escape they could most men hate what they do. Physically mastered them. They do not seem to be any guns or weapons beyond cutting tools if they were unhappy. But if they were drone, why was it not possible to talk to them? They can be used as a threat for Kegie because they protect the community. They drone because Neel La Bauti thinks that society driven by society exile men. (The movie that was already made. "SteppeWest Wives" Someone?) The classic signs from women, if women meet with them and they are really equal citizens, they are afraid. <br /> <br /> It shows frustrating movies with male hate women society and when they start frustrating women, they create strange humor. I believe that the lobuet society should be equally balanced, maintaining sex and helpless sexuality and pushing the discomfort buttons against the children of the island. Someone likes sexual harassment or child sexual abuse. So, how does a policeman react by watching adults see the actions of minors in his surroundings? There is a logical mental leap that these children are being abused, thus, a harmful child has been created and created to get help for all children. LaBute has said he has created thread threads of fiancé and daughter to give a motivation to find Cage's character. I do not think you need that. Adult reaction to the preservation of any child will be created. Of course, adultery will be the child's cage that will "save" eventually lead him to death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was fluctuating and there was a camp. The whole third task was ridiculous. The audience I saw it with gopfood (and finally booed at the end). I thought the film was wrong when the letter was written in a written handwritten note and how it was done to show how all the flashbacks were injured. We do not need that. Only a missing child reached him on the island for investigation. Most of us in the United States saw "laws and orders" and other police procedures. We came to the film as if we were trying to solve a mystery of Keiji's companion. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... is lost. Neil LaBute is not talking about the men's psychological plays and the main pictures for those who enjoy the flicks. Stay with your own company. Leave the thrillers who understand the thriller. Here honey is your snack. I would see that.
