Usually when I write a review for a movie, it is one of three reasons. In this case, I found something impossible in a movie that was otherwise extraordinary, I think that before watching this, the perception of a movie is wrong for many reasons, or I believe explaining the purpose of the film or the purpose of the film or explain it with the help of other critics. . All these factors may seem somewhat negative, but I write a review that is nothing like praise and statement, such as "This is one of the best movies of all time!", Does nothing to enlighten a potential audience, its ability and downsides, and It often argues why a movie is so good, which should be the review point in the first place. It is being said that, reducing the meaning of World War is nothing but quick, incompetent effort; In the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg, his deadly corpse is piggybacked. Many people will buy this DVD in the context of the summer blockbuster, and many more poor souls buy it to find more elements in the same subject. This film is not even "so bad" that it becomes fun or reverent, but the audience will be so incredibly frustrated to reach the point of anger. Now because of most humiliation I would give some lucky ones some arguments as warning to me. <br /> <br /> Judging from the cover and lack of publicity for this movie. It is available for SAM Club for Rs 8), I guess the cast name will not be and special effects will not be very spectacular. Check out. This is not a big deal for me, because I can find bigger budgets and an extra reliance on big names in stars and SE can reduce the movie to an otherwise appropriate movie. I did not expect to fly by the great dialog or a running score. Check again. I had a genuine serious effort in what was a classic theme and a few alien / war scenes for what I hope. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDB's policy, any damage should be announced in advance, how small it is, so there are fair warnings here. The film opens with a lot of insane small-talk, followed by a trip to a trip to see a red dot. Seriously, it is a picture of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe every little problem in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes, cone cameras - spliced ​​scenes, and a lot of walk start to frustrate the viewer. However, costuming is not surprisingly bad and hope that pods will be released to some mysterious you continue. The next 30 minutes is basically as follows: one of the main characters walks towards a bird, seeing the pod and talking to the other main character in the pod and it can be hot. They both return to the city. This walk may not be added in two seconds or so so dialogue can be exchanged. They have twenty seconds or more and only one swollen three hours to add film fillers. Especially in the quick scene, the main character is shown showing a pod, then he is shown pansing and pants, then he sees the pod, then he walks through the field in the city for a minute, then comes to the city and walks in a building, then a cup of coffee And the coffee supplier is a random maid to say "thank you Mary", then she puts it under coffee and goes out of the building, then she goes to the ground Walking a few minutes through. Go to pod. I apologize for the extreme run-on sentence, but it is probably the best way to summarize this whole film. Characters speak a lot, they walk a lot, they send other people for a walk, the camera changes at a higher speed and gradually, but only for a dramatic effect, the camera man is somewhere with a tech cofoam. Editing is bad-painful bad. People make little sense of action. For example, when the professor goes to a farmer's house and says that he needs the farmer to go to town, the farmer roams around and roams. Professor says that there is a pod and people can get trapped inside, the farmer lock him in a shed to see him only grab a pitchfuck and open a weak shed after a second. No result of this course comes from the whole scene, because the professor goes back to the main character a moment so that they can start at noon. The whole film seems like one person had an idea about making a movie, but there is absolutely no idea how to enter it at a speed. I saw good high school video production. Finally, special effects are ridiculous and nothing in advance of the story. I feel that the director really wanted to make this film a bit of a classical classic of camp rubbish. However, it is so terrible in technical aspects and in general it simply makes people crazy. Avoid this film at all costs.
