You get a PRC picture and very rare exceptions - especially Edgar G. Ulheimer and some Joseph H. Do not expect too much from Louise or Leo Landers - this is exactly what you can get: Not much. This "epic" of African Nazis is not very different in trying to provoke the Arab revolt against the British. Long term PRC hacks have been played by Arthur St. Clair and Sherman Greed, playful, ridiculous, irrational "ads filled with" and plot holes are full of Mongolia's size pit. For a long time PRC-budget expert Al Herman, the side is half-comotose. Performance, though - Walter Wolf King - who is visually incapable and leads the hammy badly - is really not half bad. The old comedian Parkicarchus is the best thing about film. He acted as a Brazilian razor blade salesman, and when he saw, the screen was pretty bright. She got gorgeous rosy timing, looks for a sacrifice to leave and a good time to have a hack. In spite of his Spanish accent, despite the fact that Daniele Renaldo is firmly in favor of the Arab Seek - and Georgina J. as Rinaldo's Arab rival. Louis has done normal work for his gentleman, though he sometimes goes upstairs. Joan Woodbury is beautiful and has a nice light touch, and he and Ronaldo have great chemistry together, though - like the rest of the cast - there is nothing but the king with him. H.B. Career career in a silent era maintains dignified discipline for renting less fares, although he flaunts his line several times and has not been cut due to PRC being a private PRC. With a similar Arab theme, large amount of stock footage from a big budget silent movie - although I have no idea what it is - and, PRC PRC, there is no effort to try to obscure it. : I rarely saw stock footage that was very clearly obvious. <br /> <br /> "A yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - OK, okay, but it would be just look at Parkyakarkus in his appearance, the value of a look. I heard about him and knew that he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and super Dave Osborn, but never seen him before. This tenth rate was worth the PRC "extravaganza" just to see him see the action. Otherwise, forget it.
