Do you just love the opening sequence like one of the "seven women for Satan" ?? At the institutional time, a woman is walking through wood, behind a hunter's dog and a caring child on horseback, until she falls down on a hill and opens the stone on her head. Then the camera faces face to face, and we notice that he is sitting behind a table only when his secretary is waiting for some papers to sign. "Oh I'm sorry, I lost my thoughts ??" Then he said! Sweets, I have yet to stumbled over other full bonkers movie. Even if you understand only the minimum French language and look at the original title, then you immediately know that "seven women for Satan" have nothing to do with Satan or the Sacrifices, but only roam around bright feathers. Distorted and mentally unstable counting count on his weekend. This is, in fact, the "most dangerous game" about the annoying hobby of a hunter of prey, another lazy variety in the classic milestone ?? Especially hot nude girl - forest for sports. In fact, it is much more than the classic 1932 level, because the author / director / actor Michelle Lemon has shown the tendency to directly direct his hero to the legendary villain of Leslie Bank in "The Most Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is the original Mass Zaroff's son but he exchanged his private island for the remote French countryside. He is no longer unemployed, so he is an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a mental killer on weekends. Zaraf is a real curious person who was surprised by the dancing with a dead woman but in reality he used to drive his car. His Butler is committed to save Zaroff from the murder, but he is probably doing a cruel act. There is no depth on screenplay and build up does not pay attention to the mystery or the terrible environment. Actually, the only useful thing during this movie is to count the girls who are trapped in the fraudulent trap of Zaraf and hope they reach seven fastest. Half pointless and tiring padding footage of the movie, too much erotic dance law, which vaguely transforms the statue into a muscle black guy (???), and in the other half is converted into psychedelic sledge, which eventually increases tired, but all the girls look ravishing. I thought it was Michael Lemon's motive to imitate his flute gene rollin and to create a strange strange sex-thriller. "French for seven women" is a French production, so inevitably, it is played by Jess Franco regularly Regular Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemony has certainly shown the looks of the crazy killer, but not the genius to portray one.
