It seems difficult for me, because I enjoyed both "Targets" and "Paper Moon", but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was a bit of impressive but very self-motivated film. Its main positive, as much as I'm concerned about, amazing photography. But for me this image was nothing but the beauty of the surface (and its hidden beauty). The letters were very difficult to relate or care about. Basically this was your natural style of slow motion and acting, but it was there to prove a very formula and predictable story, to complete with all the tropings from the small town of Melodrama - everything cheating with the boy is disabled by his teacher's wife Everyone who likes the baby It was like "American graffiti" without life's joy. Someone might say this movie is more realistic - nowadays many people think that reality is the only quality that can hold a movie. But for me this film was just oppressive, and I want to see it again that I want to spend a few hours in that sad city, so that there are characters. Maybe this picture really is related to its time - perhaps if I saw it in 1971, I would have been influenced by its innovation, just look at the screen differently. But it seemed to me that I have never seen Gadar's "breathless". Perhaps the additional reference to the classic movie appealed to the movie gaier and helped me to ignore some of the weaknesses of the film. But in Tarantino's next world it seems very rare or unique. <br /> <br /> Although she uses movies in film for more depth, she is attractive. As we recall the picture shows we see 3 films. First of all, we see Vincent's "father of brides" in Mineralel - Leicher's eloquent appearance of Sony's girlfriend and the middle of the high middle class million of the mineral realized against the reflections of the "real life" surrounding the same character. Later, Clip from Howard Hawkes's "Red River" emphasized the theme of a broken friendship between a consultant and a proto. It really reminds me that Bogdanovic is kissing his own mentor's butt, more than that if I remember correctly, I remember correctly as part of his own on-screen rear with Boris Karloff in "Target". I think this kind of thing was new in 1971 but it looks like it is self-motivated just like the rest of this movie. Finally, I would like to see another film, Hooge, Ford or Minnie, reminds us why they are so deadly in so little subtle way than in the movie of Bagdanovich. Perhaps he has expressed the desire to remind us of the time that our giants had spent - he really reminds us how small relations between him and his contemporaries are.
