I usually start by releasing the film's love, but before anyone decides to take a quick decision about my review, let me broadcast it by telling me that I am a person who likes most movies (see only my other reviews). Album in the dark Hollywood director Uwe Bowle, whose movie was just before the House of the Dead (2003) Like All in the Dark, it was a movie adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hates it. Well, I like it. I gave 10 10! This is how my statement describes (which must stop some reader immediately) is that if I hate in the dark alone, then there must be something wrong with it. <br /> <br /> <br /> Stability: Who am I kidding? Trying to maintain the balance of the United States budget, an authentic position is being attempted for this movie, but here it is however. Some archaeologists have discovered some lost American Indian tribes. The Indian tribe evidently discovered some ways of spreading "the second world", which was bad in nature. Bad things destroy them, but they lock the doors in the evil world and do not drop the key. Later, some scientists / government researchers who are trying to test some children to try to hybrid production with the World War II, which is unusual and especially tested with this tribe. (Believe it or not - at this point in time and then something has been said to us in writing - it's a black screen full of white text scrolling which is reading it with a voice-over). Then, there was something about children having orphanages about the children, but the government withdrew them, and then many people are searching for archaeological remains, and there are lots of people, and some military people are called. And on and <br /> <br /> In fact, the expansion really does not stop. It's like a neverending backstory from hell. There are enough ideas to fill at least 10 films, probably 25 However, one of them is not well-presented for making good films. In addition to the mysterious missing Indian tribe and epidemic, we also see a cross between the alien and the werewolf, which attacks your body, and also sees a cross like a snake in the war like the Alien, Tunneling Worms Underground, Jabbi, Starship Tropper. , Evil scientist, underground shoes, gold mines, malicious warehouses, impalements, mostly unused museums, government conspiracy, golden trunks drawn from the sea, blasting, explosion, complex backstage plots, a very confused romance, car smuggling, home invasion, kitchen sinks . . . Wait, I can not remember if the last one is in the film. Even more amazing (amusingly?), In Fangoria # 240, quoted producer Shaun Williamson as saying, "We're spending a lot more time in the story, that is very alert about". They Reed Alone Dark In The Dark "A Smart Film" <br /> <br /> Do not confuse me to anyone. The above elements may be encouraging to potential audiences for this movie, but the problem is that there is no minimal connection to anything else. I usually had no idea what the setting was with a relationship, why we were there, or anyone was working (at least when each scene started). It was just a random mishmash settings and clichés, such as the director Uwe Bowl had a related 250 related relationship and drawn them like the lottery numbers. Then when he was done, he and editor Richard Schwadle decided to spend the film using the cut, and then re-enclosed I Ching. Sometimes the film plays like an extended manager's railroad (which is a combination of short, varied, relational scenes that are used to make operators work) but perhaps it is very generous. I'm not sure if this belt would have been said then it would work. <br /> <br /> As I like most movies, I like most of the actors and most performance. It is very rare that I say that a performance was bad. Well, Sarah Red was bad here - and I'm such a man, who usually likes Reed. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they just moved him closer to the set like a prop. They might just be buying a blow-up doll They could save their money that they could use for some vigils in some CG and ghost and cemetery settings. Perhaps they chose to move motherton-mother-in-law entertainment to a monotonous view of her silent dirty dialogue, and she chose to move like Driftwood's fantastic piece. <br /> <br /> And talking about that dialogue, without the Godzilla, Dark the dot in the dot like Godzilla. By this, I mean, that it is a lot of pseudo-scientific intelligence. At least in Guadalaj Films, there is a campaign for them because they know how ridiculous it is and it's a great moneypunce which we see to destroy the downtown of Godijila and fight a giant gnat with the help of his eyes or some radioactive death beans. <br /> <br /> Just because Stephen Doroff and Christian Slater are doing this, it is difficult to file cases against their agents and submit them. I can not say that I thought there was any good acting of this movie, although slipper probably saw at least cigars. I think it's unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> Still, I did not give this picture 1. There were some suitable cinematography, even the Bowman and the Chanel did make minarem from the middle and hard rock tunes were good at the end. Hacks, even the invention of Novlett was not so bad. I thought the film was committed at that time. But it can only be the worst movie seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
