First of all, I want to say that there is nothing to see in this film that the Ghost Ship of the Ghost Ship is unlikely to be known as Flying Detachum. In this picture, you will not see a single sailing boat. You will not see sailors, ghosts, or remote sensational things. This is not the story of Ghost Ship, and I want it to be advertised on original credits, or I do not see it, because I really thought it was a movie about legends. It seems that many people seem to want to work with the legend of Ghosts ship, because the movie "Flying Dutchman" is listed on the Wikipedia page for legend ... why I do not understand. Is it perhaps based on a legend named "Vandering Jew"? Or did they just accept the worst part of the legend? The film begins with a series of war, which one hopes will be the scene of this film scene. Unfortunately, this movie's only war scene. Then you saw Daniel Emilfarck (the City of the Lost City, Crank) for two seconds, and anyone who expects this film to play well. Unfortunately he is very bad in the film. The same can be said about Italian actor Nino Manfredi, it is one of Italy's best actors, and here it is condemned to associate a personal bird with a background, whose sole purpose seems to be "a wise man". The movie. And son, that picture wiseness needs! Any other character in the story seems to swim on the other side (separation) to commit adultery, screaming, torture, fornication (separation) or torch in bed. It seems that every character in the story seems to be dumping its point at one point or in some other way. While coming from the Dutch director, you might think that the material of the genuine filthy genie is fraught with a definite dirty, Dutch filmmaker Paul Verroon's film "Flesh + Blood", making such great films. The idea of ​​"flush + blood" would be expected by some that a similar film would go straight ahead to the dirty and visible. Unfortunately, and against "Flash + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, no fights, no good performance, and there is no "meat and blood" only. Photography, as the surplus sequence opens, is working well and enticing. This too, the film is very close soon. From Nikola Paivani ("La Vita e Bella" fame), the music is repetitive and annoying, when it is not irrelevant (it sometimes indicates that there is greatness in the order, the screen is spread on the liquid dung). The film's first "act", which does not last for less than one hour (!), The film takes place in the same measure, which is the main characters where the farm is near. Play a lot with character emissions, it drowns in, play it. Through a long period of time, it flows through many ellipes, which gives the main character a small boy who loves to play in rain, gets old and can skip a little more. Birds speak a lot of things in the Italian language. Speak Spanish conquistadors French Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and the hours seem to happen. Then there is a second work called "Ship", which we saw, which ship was probably long before, but which is now the residue of the ship (I covered by garbage?). The main character, while walking a little away from the farm, takes place in it, and it really makes a cool decision so let's live it. Hanbach had lived before him, trying to kill him, but he did not really think (because I mentioned that he is not very bright). He thinks that the ship can navigate and it may seem to be able to move on until more winners see it (at least they seem to be victorious because of the Don Quixote Style Hats, but I'm telling the truth that it confuses), Dutchman is captured, upset Along the hunchback, and they burned the ship on the ground. The end of the film, which is really hard to tolerate for the viewer, because it has more isolation with more harmful medieval peasant warfare, it takes place in a crazy shelter. Yet more torture and dive each other with anus. Still showed interest in the director, who feels that his job has been abandoned, or the second crew sent to the camera assistant to do the rest. In the end, the mentally challenged new "friend" that Duchman died. He tried to start with the girl who was his brother's wife, tried to meet her boy. Dutchman and his son talk about. The film ends with two hour holiday photos and disastrous performance and technical performance. Then there was a lot of credit rolls and spectators who were too free to watch outrageous films without plots, which claim to be exciting, as fantasy films based on the legends, although they could only get a few movies that could only get a movie of varying stars, or even horse wars. They do not have enough financial powers to do so.
