The same night I saw it, I saw "Scary Movie 4", which turned one into double quality. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes, they could not stand up to the hilarious riots, which is a scary movie franchise. I saw innocent humorous and cruel, cruel, silly and cruel humorous during the stupid fight here, the more recent parody laughing aloud to me. How could I wish more than that? Director John de Bello uses the fundamental tenacity that some types of growth hormones have become very bad and have turned tomatoes into killers. But here its main objective is the continuation of disaster film, which is so big nowadays. The script revolves around Stoner's humor, and perhaps it may be your cup of cup if you take illegal material with the night of your movie. I was stuck, gentle, stuck at an elderly man watching as a tomato was stuck. And that's a joke, that's not funny, where the contrast between Japanese-speaking actor and voice is here. May be some goggles, I do not. They were not funny at Hitler's joke and I think all the jokes of Hitler were funny. <br /> <br /> The description of this movie is so divided (not for any good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomato kills people, the government tries to stop it, is called bad joke. Their goals may be right because their goals include media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that control our lives today). Curiously the point of sale of this movie is the original, who does not have much of a look in the Gosh Tornino Tomato, really a look. And when they get this, they are played by real tomato. That smoker hosted nothing for me as I watched a pack of tomatoes stop acting very little out of the camera to cheat magic to a body thanks. There is also the fear of breaking the work, which prevents the movie from being really fun. Someone in almost every scene can make somebody brood to please the audience, but perhaps it will be seen as an invitation to join the fun. <br /> <br /> I think that there seems to be something here that some old fashion human be proud. That man eats tomato and that dinner, tomato man eats and that is a global disaster. But that's the only way to work in that world. The production gets worse due to genetic changes in the film, but thanks to neglecting our production in the real world (see: Taco Bell). And like the green onions of the naughty deer, the shelf life of this movie has long passed away. There are some good chuckles. The last shot was really pretty pretty, but it was near enough to save this medium stink bomb. I am convinced that there is a good movie buried in this concept, but there is a need to filter the script by almost a dozen rewrites. And "There" I "Scary Movie 4." Level means. ** 1/4
