If you are self-appreciated wise to create civilized movies and / or bad movies then there comes a certain point in life ?? Faster than later ?? See that you "Attack the killer tomatoes". This is an unexpected assurance, it sometimes made one of the most notorious terrible religious movies. But there is a small but essential story, "Attack of the killer Tometos" is deliberately awkward. Already being the first message from Alfred Hittkoke's "The Birds", it is clearly considered as a zero-budgeted parody, and I'm not relieved from the impression that the writer / director John de Belo did not expect to get so much hits for his film. . The film depicts the contemporary popular trend in the so-called "eco-horror" films (revolting against humanity in plants, animals and nature) and presents imaginative, least plantless plants, such as irrational killings. The secret government agrochemicals project of big and tasty tomato production became terribly wrong and soon the tomato-attack from all over the country was reported. The President brings together a special forces team to fight a fierce enemy, among which there are secret agents, especially dubbed voice with very specific areas of expertise and science. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomato" is very entertaining. Like the fool it is, the scene of the usual sizzling jump from the sink and the attack of violent homeowners is quite real and fun. In the first half hour there are many memorable moments, such as interesting theme songs, "Jaws" tribute and the infamous orthopedic helicopter crash (see the triangle section for more details), which it has created in the final cut. Nevertheless, the whole thing creates a tedious, undemanded and indispensable amateur chaos. The level of joke is fresh and inventive in terms of embarrassing and neutral, and there are many characters and sub-plots. Personally, I like the end of the 80's and early-90s (which I saw before watching the original) because they have slightly improved standards, incredibly top-to-tomato special effects, and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("Adams Family") is the crazy scientist Dr. However, it has already said that originally unreasonably the compulsory viewing element of some of your life remains.
