Journey to the center of the world Some tourists from Hawaii, three of them siblings, and one of them, a young British granddaughter sits on a dog. When the brothers started their journey in a jeep with a basket of biscuits, the grandmother followed them (it was safer than buying more), followed by the siblings who want to explore the caves (I guess). For some reason, they actually go to the cave, and when the space begins, they can not try any benefit other than to get help from the six-year-old sister. Meanwhile, they moved closer to the cave, they continued towards the cvernous core of the Earth and continued to grow further. And see, here they have found the city of Atlantis and its malicious alien residents who are living under the oppressive regime of an alien, they do not want to ask many questions outside their own outside world. <br /> I see the name of the film, director Rastie Lemornde, commenting on the film, where he explained that the last half of the movie was actually the sequel of LA Wellell, whatever it was, it was an unusually cheap movie that I Somewhat higher than the limitations (a 1988 Olympic finance film is also non-existent Because at least at least until the end of the creation of the least incompatible movie, in the last 20 minutes of the corners, when we finally see how life like the alien world is in the center of the world, it can achieve some humor and entertainment goals. I could give it two stars instead of it because it was occasionally funny, even if it is only in her mistresses. For example, Alien asks the British girl if she is not a foreigner and she explains that the ministry will send her work visa soon. Or when the larky girl finds Bryan and explains that she is in the city of Alantis and it is wrong for New Jersey's Atlantic City. These small things create stupidity for the first hour or so much of tolerance. Imagine how great the film could be, though 1) actually wanted to create it, and 2) it actually meant to create it. <br /> <br /> How am I going to end up, nobody is surprising. The help of the little sister who was sent away from the beginning to get help. He will just wander around the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the volcanic eruption, remember.
