Well, this movie actually impressed me so strongly that I just signed up for the IMDB account so that people warn. It's patently insatiable !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There are many concubine ways for a beginnings. The character of Josh Hartnet is an ambitious actor and joint trainer, as well as a policeman who believes in his way of living and taught only the yoga of hot girls (when someone comes back from his job awaiting nude in the kitchen). Even then, his father died a copious police that can happen in the current crime, is being investigated by both the abductors. Harrison is trying to sell Ford's character as well as real estate and is sleeping with the internal investigator's internal wife, who is going to run a psychoactive radio show that calls the character of Ford from time to time. <br /> <br /> I can not remember the character's name (how to forget it) so I will mention them as Ford and Heartnet. <br /> <br /> Then there is dialogue which is brutal. I mean cringe-formulated stuff here. Return to each clay in the book (Heart Bar from the heart of the Dark Bar, where he knows the name of the diner, is being investigated by internal matters (why ??); Hartnet is facing his father's murderer.) And you got a mess of one. <br /> <br /> I existed as existed in the plot and existed continuation: 1) When Ford's car is being repossessed, repo guys know how hell will be parked? Did they follow him? 2) Hartnet goes to the morgue and it is such that the only source of crime scenes (a ear ring) is copied to burnt bodies (which were lucky!)) 3 When both are arrested and taken for question - Ford responds to his phone and "Hartnet" keeps himself "centered" with a yoga in the table. Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the IAA man waits for a ring each time and then tries to close the table before the Ford. Meanwhile the female IA officer with Hartnette is covering herself all over her. Then, unexplicably, two questions are released without any answer. 4) Hartnet's car is crashing while driving and its way around Hollywood has collapsed, but suddenly the car is again perfect. Do not have a scratch! 5) When Ford accidentally caused an accident and when he went to the elevator, how did he know what the bad guy closes? 6) When the bad people are behind the Hartnette cars, Ford is trying to stop the real estate deal. Come on! 7) The worst person is the most incredible record of death. Rappers on her label motivate her to kill an aspiring group? They can leave their label and take care to keep it loyal to its other groups. But Hang, how is he going to sign someone new with that business plan ?? 8) Why IH Ford investigation is under investigation? There is no explanation !! 9) And Hartnet uses her "acting" to finish her bad job. <br /> <br /> I could go, I really could. Everyone who looks deeper than the deep action comedy in this film needs to check his head because that's all. It's nothing more! It is not supposed to be satirical or satirical. It's just shit
