The film provides the director (Nicholas Bell) with the welcome investors in the premier park (Robert Carabin). § Using a fossilized DNA like the Jurassic Park, a secret scheme changes a primary animal and some scientists revive the most dangerous hunter, Saberoth Tiger or Smiddon. Scientific ambition became lethal, and when the high-voltage fence opens the flock of animals and is preoccupied - people's visitors, tourists and scientists Some youths enter the restricted area of ​​the safety center and are affected by the large pre-historic animal packs that are deadly and bigger. In addition, a security agent (Stacey Haiduk) and his partner (Brian Wimmer) rarely fight against drunk Smyldon. Sabretooths, of course, are not the real star they are and they are amazing although terrifying. The monster is hunting barbarians and the whole group commits suicide and they fight against the most dangerous predators of nature. In addition a third Sabretooth is more dangerous and gradually stalks its victims. <br /> <br /> The image is exciting and stimulating, but it can be quite annoying when the story with many special effects of Sabretooths medium is filled with cold, scare head raising hair, head and head of the head of the image. The monster creates the majority by computer generators and seems to be absolutely shy. Players respond appropriately to food. Actors hanging on animals, running, bound and leaps or walls through vivid physical performance. And it's a ridiculous ultimate serious scene pack. Not realistic, poor and violent attack scenes for younger kids. Other films related to subtitles or smiddon are as follows: James Barton and Steven Strait, along with Claude and other better than Roland Emmerick (2002) ¨ Sabartott (2002), along with Waynesa Angel, David Keith and John Rice Davis. Curtis and Camilla sandy This motion picture filled with bloody moments is directed by George Miller and is operated without any originality because many elements of the previous films accept. Miller is an Australian director who is usually working on television (tide waves, journey to the center of the world, and more) and occasionally for movies (people from Snow River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Ratings: Below average, barrel bottom.
