I'm giving this score 3 I do not have to give this film the original Soviet version. It seems that American-International (a high-budget commercial tenor of the 60s that bought this movie) and it was completely destroyed - a two-minute plus film in a 64-minute film was deleted! Plus, this 64-minute majority of the new elements (like "monsters") - so you know that this movie is almost similar to the original. The real movie seems to be a direct drama about the Soviet spacecraft - though I'm not sure exactly what it really was! Read the review of Steven Nileland for the insight of the original film - it was very helpful. In this way, it was the third Soviet scientist I saw that the American-International bought it and then hacked a new movie, as well as the standard practice of a company that was willing to pay some money on the screen - of course , It did not cost much more than a profit for them. First place !! This Americanized film was about two rival world powers (US and not Soviet) trying to be the first of Mars. The cute "bad guys" failed to try but "good guys" recovered one of the stupid astronauts and then heading to the well. Unfortunately, they have temporarily become restless on the moon of Mars, where they see some monsters (added by American-International) which is actually similar to a specific part of the chessy and female's physiological organs. Then, they are rescued - going back to the heroes of the world. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the film has been damaged - the incredible piece of art (for the time being) turned into a grade-C. Movie Because of this, the Soviets were the cause of America's hatred! I am very surprised that I have done this terrible thing with the film, I firmly believe in refusing to sell more films in these jerseys! It's worth a look for a smile, but that smile really is really a really bad moment and is far away. So, the film is certainly not bad enough to see a ugly-bad movie buff, and too much will be taken seriously. I really want to see this movie as the real thing - it certainly can be some pictures.
