It's a great bold statement, as well as a humiliating stinger on a plane in the summer, as well as the windy code snake. But still I'm standing with it. 6 months ago Superman Returns like King Kong's, too, too much-liberal and up to the CGI eyeballs. My God, this thing is working on my head. <br /> <br /> It was a 'real-hold' concept for Richard Onner's two attempts. And I find special and optical effects to be most appropriate in its refuge. Brian Cigarette bombed us with so much CGI that it really emits you from the story and reminds you always that you are watching Blockbuster in a Wangbie who thinks that the only way to influence viewers is 250 million dollars (totally illegal money) ridicule Offensive visual effects that do not last long. We have seen everything and CGI can take us anywhere that is everywhere. In this there is no real atmosphere or involved. And for this movie 95% has been made for this movie ... well you find it. <br /> <br /> I read many reviews from Fanabian critics about this movie's 'soul' or 'soul'. A man's heart 'or' tender character moment '. Puh-lease! We already cried out and shouted silently, 'If you knew me, you loved me,' in recent years, SR does not offer something completely new in this regard. Even the plot is recycled garbage. Lex Luther (a fictitious misconception and Hammy Kevin Speesey) had already worked in the first movie about the plan to destroy America's landmass! And, well ... it's a lot of you! It is amazing that they could draw 2.5 seconds of painting this junky! Even if the cast was desired it would be less intolerable. But Brandon Routh has a personality on the screen of Maggany Hat Stand, Kate Bosworth is absolutely incredible as a Pulitzer Prize Winning Journalist, 250% Wooden as usual in James Merceden, and Kevin Speacy really needs to fire his agent or get better judgment. Just like I was merely a member of the cast member Parker Posey. But I'm among the weird girls. <br /> <br /> Every year such films are big and more bombshell. Soon we will film $ 300 million. Studios need to understand that they may look down instead of the search. For the money that Warner spent on this film, the resources for this movie were made ... What was it worth? In my opinion, of course not! This garbage has given me superman for life!
