First of all, I only comment on the movie about which I liked. Special effects were fantastic, and very rarely I think I was watching a video game. There, I'm excited about the ending of this picture. Actually, I just like everyone read this for reading, I can not even write the word that how difficult it is to me to review this <br /> <br /> I have numerous complaints about the film, but four big complaints lean towards the mind. My first big complaint is to work with the incredible pinch of "Plot Twist" (if you can call it, since most people probably think it's coming a mile away) where Lois's 5-year-old boy may be over-powered by Superman's child. When the crying super-son threw the piano to save his mother in the lex's pregnancy, I got up and left the theater. Girlfriend could make a great movie without much fictitious as a potentially fragile but most recently operated illegal child. I watched the movie for 5 days and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint is that after moving a continent created from cryptnote in space, it is necessary to make the next major complaint. It does not indicate what makes a comic book man wrong with Simpsons. I do not know how many comic books of Bryan Cigar are reading, but when Superman is exposed to a small amount of cryptanet, it has the power to stay in its power. Nobody had the idea of ​​flying on a large island made from his greatest weakness in space, no business would be associated again with any superman-related projects. The concept is made as a hacker hacker, in which the title character has a risk across his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made from garlic in the sun. Why does not Superman Krupnite eat? She can eat it and then brush her teeth, and then the cryptanate trousers go to sleep. Still, he is not weird, then he takes a continent of cryptonitle into space and then becomes powerless through the atmosphere through the atmosphere and all the central parks hit the ground without hitting the field again. <br /> <br /> The entire movie of my movie faces a movie with a religious symbolism and is in front of movie-gear. I have to show evidence of the characterization of Superman as the only son of God-like Jodle-El sent on earth as a savior. Jor-El was not omniscient, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to be a savior, he threw him into a rocket and hurriedly fired it into space because his planet was exploding. The Brian Songer will show me the part of the Bible where God has sent Christ to earth, because I will buy Christ's metaphor for the blast of heaven, and then the radioactive fragments of Heaven will become the primary weakness of Christ. In addition, the "Crucifixion" scene where Luther Cryptonit hits the Superman along the "spear", I just do not want to slot my broth until I die too much brain, then I will see intelligent, obvious and inappropriate symbolism, steel tanning for the future. They may name the movie "Superman Returns: The Passion of the Christ". <br /> <br /> And while speaking of Luther, my last major complaint will be to see the picture of Lex Luther's picture. Lex Luther is an impressive, cool-hearted business tycoon who is more suited to running the President (which he is doing in comics) rather than trying to destroy the world. People want money and power; He wants to be charged, do not destroy everything. Yet we see Luther's Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman movies, a vague theatrical dancing that comes with many schemes to destroy the world. If there is little loyalty to the character instead of the previous girlfriend (terrible), then this film can not be such an intolerable trend. Perhaps Singer's next project may be Batman Films, where he focuses on Batman's interpretation from the TV show in the 1960's. Zam! Whap! POW !! <br /> <br /> For summaries, I do not know what I hate more, the film itself or really many people seem to be doing good reviews. Everyone has their opinions, but if you do not hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. If you have not already done so, then this one encourages anyone to read this movie. Do not see it, do not buy it when you exit the DVD, do not pay it ... basically it does not contribute any money in any way. This movie is not worth making any money. Actually, I think Brian Sengur should be fined $ 45 billion for every person to watch this movie. If you are a fan of Superman and you really want to watch this movie, just force the ball and someone kicks you in the ball and you will get the same experience without 2 hours of your time.
