THHE Remake was a movie remake in a way. Most remakes end up in total garbage finishes but Alexander became one of the best and harmonious intermediate human sub-genre worn by the remakes under the very talented aspects of today, and became one of the best. Step 2, directed by Martin Weiss and Jonathan and Wes's father and son Cambo wrote, "I can not make a good movie to save my life", and if there is any indication of the Wisse management skills and the young Craven, the writing skills are all of us I'm in for a painful future, just as THHE 2 does not fail as well as the first but at any level Failed to nodana. <br /> <br /> We start with the birth of a rough graphic mutant baby which is cool even though you will not be ready for the upcoming garbage, only indications of what may be in this photo. Then we can see a crew of scientists who are briefly innovated and transmitted by our selling rejection. These major problems start with the main custom stages of our Army archive for the saving of the day. <br /> <br /> From the very sub-continent's performance (yes even for this type of film), it becomes a labor to watch the true murder THHE 2 for most of the running time due to the absence of terrible letters, because many things happen because the absurd soldiers are wrongly mistaken Not only by the mutants but by the death itself. Think Aliens just opposite to the opposite front and you have a good idea of ​​how these soldiers are trained. The real shame of this movie since most mountains do not want to see you that you want to see in the first movie, if it does not have the THEEE2 attachment and it has a brief overview, it may be almost a scientific channel channel when it starts reducing at the beginning. . <br /> <br /> In addition to these mutant mountains, this time is not so enjoyable that they are actually fewer than our previous batch, they are all designed and stopped instead of unwittingly. The recipient of the cake is also a sloth-like mutant (you know Sloth from Goonies) which helps them in the third game. I was waiting for him to ask Babi Ruth or taking Rocky Road ice cream. Really frustrating and shameful, the only way to describe most of the things here. <br /> <br /> Gore is in the picture but almost as often it is not as a vicaral, but it has been pulled in most cases. None other than the mutant child's birth profile was actually standing first. Another big strike against this movie. So what works here, the answer is nothing. It felt like a specially designed sequel to earn the first success and not really make "good" movies. <br /> <br /> I can go to the Reddys Drop SGT. In the first lecture, our conversation as a "peace hero" like a "peace hero" is like a peace impediment disorder (it's right, he is a man that I want to help on the real crisis, on the radio) or I believe that you get the point. This movie is not the same as the first planet in the same league. It should have given other titles and the Scientific Night line should have been added to the Sci-Fi Channel. A true shyness can be made as a strong emotional film but it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball at almost every level and gets one of my lowest scores, as I give THHE2 the same score as its part: 2/10 Awesome: The term can not be described that this film is the opposite of its predecessor, opposite and irrelevant to the bottom right. Ojaniya. The next time I'm saying if you make this signal worse ... do not even bother Do not support this garbage in the theater, save your money and thank me later !!!!
