Okay, let's not get confused here. If it is a sequel to a major horrible classic rebuilding, does it mean that it is automatically rebuilding Halo Classic's Siegel? It is hoped that this is not a general rule, such as the original novel of Wes Craven as "The Hills a Ai"? Somewhere in the middle of the 80's? One of the worst and absolute most shameless horror movies created easily. Part two did not have actual plot and actually reusable footage, in fact, to utilize the true retiny and the success of the crossing prizes. Craven also wanted us to believe that dogs are also suffering from flashbacks and painful memories, because the Carter family's trusted German Shepherd had a bloody battle experience with one of the hills. The most dangerous signs have indicated to us that this sign is also a major failure. A year ago came out of the remake and Sigel is here? You can honestly question the quality of the script at the incredible speed of its release. If they want to bring a movie that should be scary, annoying and annoying, they will not take much longer? Through his extraordinary film, Alexander changed the general opinion about the horrible remix today, because he had the courage to change the necessary ingredients of the plot and to get more annoying pride than anyone else expected. Also, Aja is a very talented young director and own French institute of culture has noticed himself with the classic "high tension", but who is this new director? Aza's "The Hills is Aij" is an unexpected hail, both experienced and experienced by the horror fans as well as the older generation as well as the young and high school community groups. This is a really good movie and even though the new Situational and Clones will be diminished, but one of them is equal to the wonderful quality of today's amazing quality. As well as accepting all of these minds, a bigger dose than a personal skeptic, I must not necessarily be as horrific as expected of this rapidly rising symbol. The script is characterized by a routine and closed horizontal sheets, which represent fairly large numbers of letters with some or even a backbone letter and how they kill with traditional boring fixes. After the first film incident, the US military established a camp in the 50's and 60's to test the effect of the mid-field experiments in the New Mexico Desert. During the radioactive test, for the extremely disunited survivors of the mining community, scientists and researchers formed a delicious starter until the unfinished soldiers came to the main truck. They could just stop the food and supplies but facing the ultimate humanoids living in the residues of the mines facing their ultimate military training exercises. <br /> <br /> It's basically just a number by the number who are already fooled by the slasher with fools, even after losing most of their friends, still working like a simple target to separate and kill groups. It is very easy to indicate that anyone will make this adventure alive, especially when a soldier keeps a close eye on violence and another person's video of his intelligent 3-year-old boy. "Have eyes on the hills" completely lacking ?? As expected ?? Originality, logic and possible circumstances. Replaced mines are not often annoying as part of their colleagues, mainly because they are not organized at this time and only behave like Dowling and sexually-hungry prototype monsters. Since you are amateur gi Do not care for Joe "heroes" and clearly do not feel any sympathy for the eyes of the mountain, this film is absolutely compulsory and involved in comparison to last year. Most notably, this second film is often as violent and not as poor as the first! Sequels usually compensate the absence of surprises-twists with the lack of suspense and excessive bleeding and more graphic killings, but the action in this signal is really tame compared to the sick footage present in its predecessor. Have a box of scenes to satisfy the bloody horror fanatics ?? Mainly showing soldiers getting shot down by the stairs or by their gun ?? But sadly no irrational peak-kuze war or intense dog attacks. What a shame! What if a series of points fails to overcome the core obesity and / or ineffective odor level? Fortunately enough film is not annoying or unnecessarily sensitive, and you will not find the most fun things to find the most fun things! For example, the insect falling from the bloody head of the human, without any muscle power, the women cast as hard ass soldier? My personal favorite ?? To employ radio communication, employ a soldier with a commentary disability.
