Last year's rebuilding 'The Hills Hey Eye' was a better effort to update the unexpectedly endangered horror flickers of 1970 for a new audience. Alexandra Aza allowed to achieve a commendable degree of character development and when the violence started, it was meaningless and brutal and was performed in all the illogical photography and production design landscapes. I was one of the few people who actually thought that it was better than the original and looking forward to seeing the baroque desert mutants, especially the second vision of the dark and cruel world. <br /> <br /> 'Hills are eyes 2', released after one year of liberation war, it seems like a scary and ill-conceived idea to give cash in the franchisee. Jonathan Craven's screenplay could have been written on weekends, and this film was the one that made the movie, perhaps it was. It is back in every hackneyed style of the book when it does not give anything completely new to the mutant myth of the desert. I always get a disappointment out of frustration when replacing civilian characters with a sequel military. The soldiers are always lazy written in writing and fail to carry with the strange character of the crooked ornaments completely. I think, because of James Mercen's merit, not only to handle the best action sequences, but to forget that audiences are being deceived, the only film to convert James Cameron's talent into successful films is 'Alliance'. She was helped continuously by some genuinely talented actors. With 'The Hills A Aij 2', it is clear that the video director Martin Weiss is not a James Cameron and the television bit-partner's cast genius or even the cutout characters in their lifetime are alive, breathing humans <br /> <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a wide and generic cliche. They work in foolish and irrational ways, foolish and irrational decisions that lead to their predictive foolish and illogical deaths. The next half of the film becomes simply a tedious walk-through-dark-obscene scene. 'The Descent' (which also worked as Sam McCokhi, briefly, cinematography) proved that most of this sequence can still be done with true fundamentals and mysteries, but we can not see any such inventions here. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Is Easy 2' is just a very lazy movie, contrary to any mystery, excitement or surprise, single person is not particularly interested in producing any quality. This is a joke for a single penny and a tired excuse and at the door of the blockbuster, Bent is able to spend the rest of his life.
