The stages begin at the deepest Peru (a dirt shows me more like a road) where archaeologist Simon Waterman (Harvey Karamon) and his son Paul (Charles Stratan) are in an expedition. Simon thinks that ancient AJCTC buildings were actually spacecraft control centers and he was able to prove that he has visited the alien life the world, he is achieving a goal, when at one stage he discovered a diverse small creature that he would stick his backpack. Take back home. She was sent to Sweetwater in the small American city of California. Simon feels that the animal is looking for the proof, and for some unreasonable reasons, his discreet decision is to leave the house when sharing. Simon asked Paul and his wife, Cindy (Nadine van der Wahed), take care of it. Meanwhile Simon's brother and fast food businessman Seychel Watersman (again Harvey Karamen) stole his life so that his brother could not make any money from him, but his stupidly struggled with Dood (John Stafford) and kept quiet about it. A knife, but the separate parts go back into separate creatures, which make the villagers very dead. <br /> <br /> If it's never been managed by Betina Hirsch, then the worst is to be a comedy. Worst The script by Lans Smith is so unfunny it is painful. Each joke in the Munchies miss the target by the proverbial mile, I doubt the fragrances in this piece of shit will be even pre-thirteen appeal. As far as I am concerned, there is nothing even fun or even fun, even in the stages on stage. The basic story is frustrating, they are running without any explanation of what this creature is going on, why never seen it before, how it quickly learns English and how it can learn to run etc. The whole thing was a big summer (1984) rip-off, with which the film was not so good. The character is stupid, stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and her father (Hardie Roulus), Seychelle, wearing an embarrassing wing and mascara torch and the head of his wife, Melvis (Alix Elias) and much more. They're just a little embarrassing and ridiculous, I defy finding anyone out of this rancid rubbish fun. Basically the muggins are becoming comedy or horrifying spectacularly failing and ending, yes you have guessed it, crap. <br /> <br /> Director Hirask is working with a low budget here and it shows, the whole thing is performed in two rooms, desert, some caves and a small golf course. It is really cheaper and incompetent film made. Special effects on the stereo are really awkward, they do not have any movement of puppets only, unless someone closes the camera and does not take a string attached to his arm. I can not control how bad the effects are, these things will not satisfy my 4-year-old nephew (as it has been confirmed by me and yesterday!). Total disabilities all the way, this film sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically terrible film, bad special effects, lame production design, rubbish set and good, just all shit. The actor has gone through the police and Karamen, who has two roles that prove that he can not work and is not funny. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> If you try to achieve it, definitely see it if you want I will not stop you but you were warned Do not just say! My suggestion would be to see Gremlins instead of again, but the decision is yours!
