The flavor of the cash cow francake milk. Generic Superhero Flick CGI Showcase Gavin Hood "is a series of unlikely events." Coordinating repetition of mutant war scenes combines the formation / dissolution of uninterrupted allies by justifying them. I do not expect Shakespeare here, but Cliche was off the meter charts per minute: Prima facile screaming while looking at the sky and kneeling the girlfriend kneeling. Renegade military commander said. Forecursible Double Cross Seek for revenge lovers. Deleted memories Evil character to discover morality in the last minute. Misguided failure to execute nemeses after defeating them in confusion. The boyfriend is not really dead. The lover actually acted as a spy for the arch-nemesis of the hero. Girlfriend / spy actually falls for hero. Good people to protect the abducted family members work for the opponent. Evil Mastermind reluctant to honor employees' commitment. Please care for the old couple's tired hero and kill for their troubles. There have been some visible deaths before the third party coup. Hero secretly joined secret government agencies. Elite Squad Exemption in protest of innocent murder. Scientists are unable to control the indispensable killings of their own creatures. The old but loving government 'secret weapon' is well-designed but merciless heirs kill. The hero strolls away from the debris and lightens in the air a trail of gasoline behind him. As everyone has left, flatlined heart monitor takes up a pulse. Evil Mastermind explains the hero's plan as he sees no longer as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because he is "even better". The transparent comic character character makes delightful understatesments and offbeat comments. Delightful psychopath revels in random killer rampages. Invisible invisible Goliaths will kill a mere deadly that hurls each other through a series of walls and other physical traumas. Man skill swordplay few dozen dispatches of the enemy wielding guns without anything General knowledge and physics, biology and chemistry law are temporarily abandoned. Trying to kill the murderer with a fairly cruel crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go but it's just tedious. If you are twelve years old and do not live in the mother basement, there is probably nothing for you here. Sadly enough, this is not the same for superhero movies, so if you do not get a lot of stuff, then what I wrote is limited.
