It's official, folks - Hou Hsiao-Hsien do not have a thought on his superb little head. Do you think why he chose Shu Keu as his attention? <br /> <br /> Shu (or that quote?) does not appear like this. Instead, we are a pop star in Japan, obviously a pop star in Japan - a pop star like a colorful actress, it is a pop star, which has received the Halo - "an actress" - and a devastating, usually a sign of quality, something here There is no need to stand around and look like a low Asian hipster and even old to manage it. <br /> <br /> Hu's philosophy? Life is impossible, nothing big, it seems and continues. I want to do this but Hou does not give us anything to feel at the casualty Lumiar outside the life of the Tokyo Life Life article and the ships that pass during the night are the vessels that pass, the day, without connecting, each hit its destination, usually If some aspect of the dark tunnel, or perhaps the bridge is lucky then. Father Shanghai's flower is one of the most rare, technically accomplished and mesmerizing films of all time. How can the director of the film make the first shot, which talks about twelve minutes of instrument-gun power for twelve minutes - an impossible instructional achievement - does this lanikic sub-jurmassic reality make a movie in a row? Millennium may be the body of Demombo, but at least it has two big shots, the real call to the House is the Shot as the equivalent of Ollilan Raidon: These shots are the sex scenes with Arithmetical Flame Lights and Volume Shut of Shu Qi under a blue corridor. His M.O. It seems that two great shots from Millenium mambo have been removed to make Coffee Lumiare more consistent. That appeals appeals to you if you become the judge. <br /> <br /> Do not have to refine the house - you can not think less than the flowers of Shanghai. He must expand outwardly to liberate the internal evolutionist and general-revolivisor, who is being foolishly deprived of a minimalistic minimalism. It's time for Aakira or some of a live-action remix. Such art films where actors are considered authentic because they are faced with a long-term, and in a face-to-face language, it is now safe, decorated and finished as a Hollywood action blockbuster. (What is the connection between "reality" and those who can not speak it? It seems to me that people do not stop encroaching "real life.") In 2005 only the big budget films considered different and rich ion flaks, islands and kings Kong's ideas are now saying that Michael Bay has even exceeded Hau and it's really sad. The good news is, though, in Hou 50 it seems to me that she did not even start. There are moments in this film that promise, as the mood bit begins at the beginning of the bookstore when the house turns bloody sunset and Hitoto talks about children with Goblin's mouth. But the fear that puts him in, is comfortable to over-over the same film and is praised by your lazy and proactive as the time of the movie, How, Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin's darling. And any other festival festival has often been up and people are keeping your body twice as fast. Two words for you: ATM advance. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang You are now cribbing from both of these sad frauds who are going to go to their own dark tunnels forever. A science-epic epic reviled your shirt, sells, reviled - but social criticism has no eyes on people and has no heart to leave. Let yourself express yourself full of talent in painting. You're not going to find otherwise lazy.
