I am reliably delayed with the extraordinary work of film Outu Yasujiro Ozu, who efficiently illuminated the universal truth in the life of Japan, especially in the era of World War II. Seeing several scenes of his landmark films as "Let's Spring" in 1949 and "Tokyo Story" of 1953, I am sure that there was a particularly idolatrous gift to express the range of feelings arising out of interdependent conflict through partial stories and fine imagery. With the 2003 film of Tunisian director Hu Hosio-Hassan, his desire to pay ozu to his eternal start Along with co-photographer Tian-wyn Chu, Hijio-Hesidenti visuals seem to be correct, but it does not capture the necessary mental weight to be tolerant of glossial pensing. <br /> <br /> A young Japanese writer of Taiwan's musician Jiang Wen-Yeh lives in Tokyo in the middle of the 20th century, after returning from Taiwan after learning the Japanese language of the story Echo. After 25 sets of character set-up, he revealed to his father and parents that he was pregnant by a student at Tarwan University. At the same time, Kofihouse friend Yokoh of Yoko, who runs a used bookstore, has a train passion and is likely to fall in love with him. Hsiao-hsien connects these thin plots line with a series of shots held for a slightly longer frame as the addition of frames. There is an abundance of movement scenes featuring long stretch as well as trains. Although these techniques are consistent in the wazoo style, Hijio-Hesian Ozu does not consider how the character's mind is dive with the highest intensity and minimal theater, especially, due to the misery of Yoko, the play seems unreasonable, and additional passive to keep the responses to its parents excessive. In fact, the whole film has its fatigue atmosphere, which makes the film look intermediate. <br /> <br /> The performances are not uncommon but unreasonable. J-Pop music star Y Hito brings natural ease to Yuko, some of the ciphers, like Hajim, are being trodden. The remaining letters rarely register, even as Nanji Kobayashi and Kimikoo as parents of Indocho. The painter Lee Ping-Bing has given expert work, although he has violated a major rule of ozu movies without having the camera stable on the shots. Talking about popping pop music, "Hito-Shián", used for the completion of the hit. The DVD included an hour-long, documentary made in French, "Metro Lumière", which actually helps to help in some context for the film Hsiao-Hsien's approach. To display the parallelism of this picture, there are citations to "Oxyx Flower", especially in Waze movies, although there is no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", some scenes of scene and a clear foundation of the situation set-UK. P. come. There are also interview clips executed by Hitler, Asana and Hishia-Hassian as well as movie trailers.
