We were all there, sitting with some friends seeing some bad pictures, how much it was made and how poor it was! Eventually, the credit roll shows everyone and says, "How can this movie be made?" Is this script paid for making a feature film? " Well, Jaguar is not such a movie, instead of asking how the waste was budgeted, why do you think that the makers fired from an orange in the sun. Yes, the place is mostly coming from a person who is perhaps the most created or fantastically the worst movie, seen from Campfair Story and Fever Lake. The film starts in some type of class, I'm not sure what kind of classes, but it is imagined to be an art. Now these dark ones have been given a final project by their stupid teacher, five of them have been given a piece of mindkin and they have to design it in any way, and since only five pieces have got other students in the class and automatic A, oddly, only six students in this entire class There is one glass free one gets, good for that! In addition to one week, five students, plus teachers, plus one mountain bed husband meet in their discussion and meet a bar to complete their project, they put together pieces, heads, arms, feet and others, why they choose their design patterns. These creative talents use their full benefits weekly, keep a sari blade with one hand left, the other gets a sari close shotgun, breaks the right leg, gets a bunch of ceramic clips, and clipping some magazines on the left, the worst one camera in the eye, the Al Hellraiser 3, a With some bottle rockets for stylish Mo-Hawk. They spread their frustration about their specification designs after now the drunken teacher says that they are burned mannequin, now called the appropriate creator. So far, this terrible movie fair, bad acting, dialogue and everything else has happened, but it has still quite appreciated, yet the things of the fire are switched to the worst ... Argh is alive .. How do you ask? I do not have any idea, because he is not realistic enough to think of the writer getting two pounds of candle plastic alive (boys, stirring, traveler, Voodoo priest, whatever he could do.) Once he has come to live life once he is slowly walking his new power Using and using his molded fingers to destroy the debris. At first he killed a cool man with a barbaric wire, the beer beer decision that was far away from the distance of the person who was getting it with a hot lip was more important than that. An aggressive face shot a sexy girl in front of him, and then gave an old man a heart attack with a slight twist on his head, then he saw a south woman with a nasty look and then saw his mountainous husband; Then jeopardize some nerdy guy with heading fraud. Am I taking part of the body from his dead body to make Zero version of his human body? No! Still it is not important that they do not even show the creation of their MacBook, even they do not even see him stealing a smoke from his poor producers (perhaps he is trying to create head detective from living color). So after killing these five teachers and innocent girls all are released, according to the teacher's statistics, the world needs head to finish only part of his head, because he is still reluctant to eat it. So, without losing his temper, he relates to the teacher's sacrifice to Eiji, who comes with his power station to go to the teacher, which is not even plug-in. There, the lady's movie ends, we can explain how it is possible to kill the teacher or to see what can happen to the girl, even when it comes to Jigar's life or after burning it. This movie is so shameful that it can be seen, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For a lifetime memories, crosses, crosses, crosses. Thank you for the complete withdrawal! Judge has been ruled, severing off your genitalia shows your place just playing out.
